start with rhetorical trope of: Humans are really good at post-hoc rationalization of data (Matthew Lincoln)

Focus on the process and rationalizations, weak, strong, things I cannot do and why that's important (limits of the Old Bailey)
	All of my stuff is out there, but the only way to move forward here is if we do this

DH question of: it's in a database so the questions will percolate out, and they don't for the Old Bailey

Yes, everything cannot be always perfect, however, this is what I have. If we're going to the Old Bailey (since it's online), Adam Crymble talks about this
I can't even ask these questions since it's not there because the original designers categorized things their way

Conclusion: London is/is not representative; Old Bailey's undue weight in sources. We rely on quanititaive histories, but then nothing is comparable and nothing exists in conjunction with each other. Digital Historians you all suck. The local will always matter.

Way forward from: "DH historians you all suck"; all of my numbers are out there and we can all do it and talk in conjunction.

Major sample sizes vs minor sample sizes and a way to accept in Social Sciences the relevance of the local.

The awfullness of "heroic lone scholar in the archives"; have to duplicate everything again; Beattie can't be trusted without shown work

everything about the process and nuances: beattie got this published and everyone considers the questions done. If we can't revisit his work, we have issues.

reproducability and replicability
cant do the first, but should be able to do the latter

really heavy deep dive to see anything in the Old Bailey (cite Ian Milligan on Illusory Order): what does this imply moving forward? (PhD question)

"Empire of the Old Bailey"

historiographic MA

why is 1740 so relevant? Stats natural temporal groupings of data
	no but really, the fuck?

history is a conversation : obfuscation of data from Beattie vs open conversation between scholars
	entering into a conversation with Hitchcock : you find what you set out to find

scrivener and scapple

electricarchaeology etudier

close reading of text analysis vs tagging done by devs page 929 of source from Shawn April 11th has a quote (Hitchcock)