




644. 




JOHN STANLEY (63) and 




REBECCA BROWN (55)


, Feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Herbert Brian, and stealing a watch, bracelet, three studs and a pocket-book.


STANLEY 

PLEADED GUILTY
.

MR. SAMUEL MOSES
Prosecuted,





SAMUEL HERBERT BRIAN
. I live at Bring House, Middleton Road—on 21st August I left the house between eight and nine a.m.—the windows were fastened and the door left on the key-latch—no one was in the house when I left it—my wife was away—in consequence of information I received in the afternoon I went back—I found the front door forced—I went in—I saw a little desk was forced open, and in the bed-room a chest of drawers was tampered with—there was a mark on the outside made by some tool—I went to the Police-station and gave information—a constable was sent out—he brought back the prisoners—I saw Stanley

searched, and these articles taken from him, two chains, a watch, three gold studs, a bracelet, and a pocket-case.





MARY ISABEL TURNER
. I live in the Cowley Road, about sixty yards from the prosecutor—there are three houses between two small ones—our garden runs not quite up to it—on 21st August, about 4.15 p.m., I was in the garden, and heard people coming up the road—I saw the prisoners drink something out of a bottle—they next walked up to the prosecutor's house, looked at it, went into the garden, and into the porch of the house—they stayed there a little time, and the man went round the back way—I saw him leave the porch—the woman remained in the porch—after a short time the man rejoined the female, and they stayed in the porch fifteen or twenty minutes—the woman was holding a sunshade or umbrella—my suspicion was aroused, and I went to the woman (I did not see the man then) and said, "Do you wish to see anyone?"—she said she wanted the lady of the house—I said, "She is away from home"—she said, "Oh, she is away, is she?" and came away from the door—I asked her if she knew the lady's name—she did not seem to answer that, but commenced talking about the Uxbridge Cycling Sports that were on—she walked from the house and left me a few yards from our house—I went in our house the front way, and into the kitchen and stood upon a chair and looked out at the back window—I saw the woman go back into the garden—a few minutes after the man joined her and then went to the top of the road and down another road, and she came down the road and past my front garden, retraced her steps, the man came down the other road and she walked behind him about twelve yards—I went to Mr. Brian, senior's, house and informed him what I had seen—I then went to the railway station—I did not see the prisoners there—I went back to Mr. Brian's house and saw marks on the door—then I went to the Police-station—a constable came with me and I gave information—I went into Windsor Street with the constable and saw the prisoners together at the top of the street—I pointed them out to the constable—the woman recognised me, talked to the man, and they separated—I went back to—the station and the prisoners were brought in.





ALEXANDER LANGTON
 (421 X)About 5.30 p.m. on August 21st Mr. Brian, sen., and Turner gave information at the Uxbridge Police Station, and I went with Turner to Windsor Street—I saw the prisoners together at the top of Windsor Street, I took a short turn round a corner and went across to them—they were in the act of separating—I noticed the man's pocket was bulky, and could see a small tool-case outside his pocket—I told them I should take them into custody for being concerned together in breaking into a dwelling-house—the man replied, "That lady is quite innocent, she knows nothing about it."





REGINALD CAUNTER
 (Sergeant 69 X)About 6.15 p.m. on 21st August I examined the door of the prosecutor's house—near the lock were marks as if an instrument had been used forcing the door—I went upstairs, and in the first floor back found a writing desk had been forced open, and in the front room the sides of a chest of drawers had been forced away and the drawers forced open—I went back to the station—I told the prisoners they would be charged with being concerned together in breaking and entering the prosecutor's house in the Middleton Road—I

ordered the man to be searched, when he handed me these articles, and said, "I will give them to you, sergeant, they all come from there"; two gold chains, a silver watch, gold bangle, three silver studs, and a pocket-book—turning to the woman the man said, "she knows nothing about it, she is only a dupe, so help me God. I want you to make a note of that"—then he handed me this jemmy from his pocket and said "That is what I did it with"—he also handed me ten skeleton keys—I afterwards went to the premises and compared the jemmy with the marks on the door, and found it to correspond—the marks on the writing desk and on the drawers corresponded with this instrument—the prisoners were charged—they made no reply.




GUILTY
.—BROWN
also


PLEADED GUILTY
to a conviction of felony at Clerkenwell in February, 1875. STANLEY** and
BROWN**—





Five Years' Penal Servitude each.


