





There was also a 
               Woman

             tryed for 


               stealing a Silver Cup
            , the manner thus; she went to a Victualling House to drink a pot of Ale, and after having tarried some time, she desired the 
               Woman


             of the House to lend her a Chamber pot, which she going to fetch it for her, she ran away with a Silver Cup that then stood on a Shelf in the Kitchen, and afterwards being taken by the Watch a night-walking, she was carried to Bridewell, where the Cup was found under her Arm, between her Arm and her Wastcoat, which she confessing where she stole it was sent to Newgate, and from thence to Justice-Hall in the Old-Baily, where being Arraigned, she was examined by the Court what she did intend to do with the Cup to which she answered, that she did intend to bring it again, whereupon she was 

               Convicted
            , and put by to be 


               transported
            .






Besides these persons Condemned to die, there were 5. Convicted of severall Felonies which desired the mercy of the Court for transportation, and had it granted, being sentence'd accordingly, of whom one 
               
                  Mall. 
                  Floyd
               



             was particularly remarkable for her Crime, she having it seems found out a new Trade not simply to Kidnapp or steal little Children quite away, But to Inveigle them to some strange by places and there rifle them, and so turn them abroad to shift for themselves, Thus the Third of July




               meeting a pretty little Child of about 8 yeares of Age neatly drest in Shoe Lane, She pretending She came from her Mother, carryed it with her as farr as St Giles's


, and had it into an Alehouse there, where seeing it rain, She pretended all the Childs Cloathes would be Spoiled, and under that pretence took away from it Severall Laces and peices of Linnen Knots and the like, and then carrying her into St Giles's Churchyard where there then happened to be a Burial, She Lost her in the Crowd of People
            , who then not Knowing where She was, nor the way home, fell a crying, and was brought home that Night by some honest Inhabitant there abouts, where she told all the sad Story, but could not in the least declare who it was had served her so, or where she might be heard of, nor was there any probability of her being discovered, had it not strangely been disclosed by Accident, for the very next day the Childs Mother passing up Holbourn, saw some of her Childs things hang up in a Shop to be sold, which She knew again and acquainted the people of the Shop there with, who after some time and much trouble found out this Woman that sold the things to them who 


               upon her Examination Confessed the whole matter before the Justice
            , and was Committed to Newgate, (having been often a distressed Lady before in that Inchanted Castle) from whence She is now by Sentence to be 


               Transported to some of the Plantations beyond the Seas
            .






After this a 
               woman

             was indicted, for that she together with two men, not yet taken, went into a house in the City, and pretended themselves persons of quality, one of the men saying he was Steward to a person of Honour, and the other a Gentleman newly come from Ireland; they desired Lodgings, and their requests were answered, and at night, it being Christmas time, they desired to play a game at Cards, for their divertisement, with their 
               
Landlord




            , and he to oblidge them readily compli'd; but the Landlady being gone a gossiping or visiting, and none left but her Husband and these new-come-gentlefolks at home, they desired him to send out for some Double Beer for them; he stept to the next door and bid the Maid bring it in after that they called for Wine, and he sent the sameMaid to Fetch it; then a little after they desired that he would fetch them some more Double Beer himself, and as soon as he was gone they took a Candle and 


               run up stairs to his Chamber and broke his Closet open, and took from thence a silver Tankard and Money, to the value of twenty pounds
            , and left him only a light upon the stairs to see his losses: Away mareh'd they, but some days after this woman was met with and brought, to Newgate, and from thence to the Bar, where she pleaded that one of the men that took away the Money and Plate was her Husband, and produced a Certificate from the Parson of Pancross to affirm it; but the Jury supposing it to be counterfeit, found her 

               guilty
            , and the chiefest comfort she is like to have is 


               transportation
            .







The last tryed were a 
               woman

             for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard, worth seven pound ten, about three years ago
            , and a 
               Man

             for 


               stealing another Silver Tankard, 24 Sept.

 last from an Ale-house in St. Martins in the fields




, who were both found 

               Guilty
            , the Man having been burnt in the hand before was set by for 


               Transportation
            , and the Woman having been an old Offender, received Sentance of 


               death
            .






5. 
               
                  John 
                  Leak
               



             of White-chappel


 Indicted, for that he the 16th. Novemb.
 1678. did 


               steal two Pieces of Broad-cloth from one 
                     
                        William 
                        Mackham
                     




                  , off the Tenters in Goodmans Fields


, &c.
             He pleaded Not Guilty, and put himself upon the Countrey.
Then was tried John Leake, for the Cloth of William Mackham, stoln off the Tenters, against whom the Witnesses gave this Evidence.
Mackham Swore that he had lost two and Twenty Yards of Cloth off his Tenters, part of which was found in the hands of 
               
                  Susan 
                  Reynolds
               



            , who said she had it from the Prisoner Leake, and other parts of it were found at the Dyers. He knew it to be his Cloth, and it was of a Popinjay Green Colour.
Susan Reynolds attested that he brought the Cloth to her, and desired her to lay it up for him till he called for it. That she knew him, because he had been with her Brother six or seven times at her house. That he told her he took up the Cloth to carry to Sea with him, and he found it on Good-mans Fields, he desired her to lay up part, which was found in her house, and to carry part of it for him to the Dyers.
The Prisoner, who was a Lusty Fellow and an able Seaman
, said nothing, but that he found it, and being asked why he did not Cry it, 
he said he did not understand the way of it, but could give no Evidence that he found it. Therefore it was left to the Jury.
That John Leak is 

               guilty
             of stealing the Cloth off the Tenters.




[Transportation. See summary.]








The last was 
               
                  John 
                  Spittle
               



            , for 


               stealing the goods of 
                     
                        Humphrey 
                        Wych
                     




. Against whom
Wych gave Evidence that he lost such goods as are charged in the Indictment, and found them in the Custody of the Prisoner, and that the value was 7 s. And one Bayley deposed, that being a neighbour of Mr. Wych, and sitting in his Shop, he saw two Women and a Man, standing at Wych his door, first one woman went in, then both, and went away, and the man went in, and coming out with something under his Coat, he went and follow'd him, telling him what he had was not his own, and called to the man of the house, who coming out owned the things.
The Prisoner said he found them at the door; but the Constable upon his Oath testifi'd that he confessed at his taking, that he had them out of the Drawer. The Court left it to the Jury, who after a little recess being agreed of their Verdict concerning these Prisoners, brought it in thus.
That John Spittle, is 


               guilty to the value of 8 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]









A kind of outlandish 
               Fellow

             being in charity taken in at Linn by a Scotch 
               
Master of a Vessel




            , and his Passage given him to London, was so ill-natur'd as to requite that kindness by 


               stealing out of the Ship, as she lay at the Armitage-stairs


, a considerable parcel of Worsted-stockings
            , which he was seen to carry off; and being thereof 

               convicted
            , prayed heartily for 


               Transportation
            ; which, he being a Forreiner, was granted.
