












                     William 
                     Gare
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Andrews
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Hegar
                  



               
            , were Tryed for 


               stealing a Petticoat Scarf, Hood, Nightlining Ruffles, Lac'd Sleeves and other Goods of the like Nature, to the value of 15 l. from 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Fauster
                        



                     
                   in Mark-Lane



, on the 3d. of October

, about eight in the Evening
            . The Proof against them was, that the same Night the house was Robbed, 3 Men came into the Swan Ale-house in Fanchurch-street, and part of the Goods mentioned were found in the Room where they were, upon their going away, without any other Company having been in it, and two of these appearing upon Oath to be Hegar and Andrews, they were found 


               guilty of the Felony only &; no breaking appearing in Court against them
            , but there being upon this Indictment no possitive Evidence, against Gare, he was 

               Acquitted
            .
They were a second time Indicted, for 


               Robbing the Lodgings of 
                     
                        Dionis 
                        Lyddal
                     



                  , of St. Alhollows Barking



, on the 9th of October

, and taking thence two Perirwigs, a Beaver Hat, a pair of Breeches, two Velvet Caps, a Back-Sword, &c.
             and it appearing part of the Goods mentioned was taken about them at the Swan aforesaid, and they making but a slender defence, being no ways able to give any satisfactory account of themselves as to their Reputation, they were found joyntly and severally 

               guilty
             of the Felony.





[Gare: Branding. See summary.]







[Andrews and Hegar: Transportation. See summary.]


