








                     Robert 
                     Morgan 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Christian 
                     Manning 
                  



                
            , of St. Andrews Holbourn



 were indicted; the former for 


               breaking open the House of 
                     


                   in the Night time, and stealing thence 12 Linnen Aprons,4 Stall-Cloths, one Sheet,2 Coats, a pair of Shoes, a Steal and 8 pound of Fat
            , on the 19th of April

 last. And Manning for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            . The Prosecutor deposed, that his Slaughter-House was broke open between 10 and 12 the Night aforesaid, and his Goods taken away, that they broke the Laths that let in the Air, and got in. Morgan confest the Fact before the Justice, which Confession was read in Court. 
               
                  Esther 
                  Mills 
               



             deposed that she got up about 1 a Clock to Wash, and going into the Slaughter House found it broke, and that her Master had been robb'd; that she went to Mannings, and there found part of the Goods. 
               
                  John 
                  Brutfield 
               



             deposed, that as he was beating his Rounds at the Hour of 12 he met and challenged the Prisoner who threw down a Bundle leapt over a Wall and ran away, but he persued and took him; that in the mean while one Dalton took up the Bundle and carry'd it to Manning's. Dalton deposed, that the Prisoner Morgan, one Foulstone, and himself committed the Fact, that he and Foulstone went in and took the Goods, and Morgan staid without and received them; that he carried part of the Goods to Mannings, who he told what they had done, and she left the Door open on purpose to receive 'em, and gave him half a Crown for 'em. Morgan denyed it now, tho' he had confest it before the Justice, and said that he met Dalton, who gave him a Shilling to carry the Bundle. Manning denyed that she bought any Goods, or knew of the Robbery; and calling several to her Reputation, where she had liv'd, and been intrusted, who gave her a good Character, and that she was very industrious and helpt to maintain her Mother, the Jury 

               Acquitted
             her; and found Morgan 


               Guilty of Felony only
            . 


               Transportation
            .
