









                     Mary 
                     Godfrey 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Ashby 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Smith 
                  



                
             , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a piece of Stuff out of the Shop of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Oliver 
                        




, on the 20th of November
 last. It appeared that the Prisoners came to the Prosecutor's Shop and cheapen'd some Yard-wide Stuff, and that Godfrey bid Money, but so low that the Prosecutor's Wife would not take it; that they went away, and Mrs. Oliver missing the Goods followed them, and saw the Stuff under Arm under her Riding-Hood; whereupon she took hold of her by the Riding-Hood and the piece dropt from her. Asbby deny'd the Fact, or that she was in the Shop, and said that the Prosecutor would have made it up for 12 l. saying he could have so much for a Certificate; that he had 4 l. and if they could have made it up 12 l. he would not Prosecute. The Prosecutor deposed that he never offer'd to make it up, but that 4 l. was brought him by an unknown hand, and when he had open'd it, the Person who brought it was gone; whereupon he went to a Justice of Peace to know what he should do in the Case. Godfrey's Sister deposed that Ashby told her the Prosecutor would take 6 l. to make it up, which was to be the Prisoners 40 s. a-piece, and that it was to be carried and put into his own Hand without taking any Notice, or saying any thing to him; that she thinking by that means there could be no further trouble, carried 4 l. to the Prosecutor, 40 s. of her own and 40 s. of Asbuy's (the other 40 s. was to be sent by another) but finding that she was deceived, went to the Prosecutor and had her Money again. Godfrey and Ashby called several to their Reputation. The Jury considering the whole matter, 

               Acquitted
             Godfrey and Smith, and found Ashby 


               Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            



               Transportation
            .
