







                  Susannah 
                  Clark 
               



             of St. Anns Westminster


 was indicted for 


               receiving 550 dozen of Leather Soles for shoes value 150 l. 30 dozen Calve skins, from 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Clarke 
                     



                  , Convicted last Sections for the same, by her pleading Guilty) the Goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Laugthorse 
                     




                   , knowing them to be Stole, and for Harbouring and maintaining the said Mary Clarke
            . The Prosecutor deposed that he mist his Goods continually, and finding himself sink in the Word, till he was almost ruined, tho' he had changed his servants several times, but to no purpose, till at last one of the Prisoners, Servants came to him, and gave him Information that one Mary Clark: (convicted last Settings and come to the Prosector's shop to buy small parc is of Leather for the Purpose , and took several Opportunities to rake the Goods, used to come and fill them to his Mistress at a very low Rate; that he went along with him before Justice, and to the value of 16 l. whereupon the Justice wanted him his Warrant and he went and search'd the Prisoner's House and found his Goods there. it appeares by the Evidence of several of the Prisoner's Journemen and Apprentices, that Mary Clarks came to the Prisoner's Shop about 4 Years ago, and brought Children Shoes and had a Market Price for them that afterwards she came with a Parcel of Leather, saying her husband had bought 4 l. worth, and-she had taken that unknown to him; that the Prisoner bought it of her, and when she was gone the Prisoner's Servents told her that Mary must ruin her Husband, if she sold that for 18 s. which was worth 30s. and that for 5 s. which was worth 7 or 8 s. that she coming often, he told his Mistress that the 4 l. worth lasted very long, and advised her to take Mary up, that after wards the Prisoner bought no more in the Shop, but privately in her Parlour: that Mary brought Soles of Shoes and Skins in a Hand-basket or her Apron under her Riding-Hood, and weat directly into the Parlour, without asking any Questions, and that she came two or three times a Week. The Soles for Shoes and Leather taken at the Prisoner's House, were produced in Court, and swore by the Prosecutor, having his Mark on the. Mary Clarke's Conviction by pleading Guilty last Sections was read in Court. The Prisoner owned that the bought Goods of Mary Clarke, and believed those produced in Court to be the same; but said she bought them at a Market Price, not knowing them to bstole ; she called some to invalidate tha King's Evidence; but it appeared that they had been temperit with them before, and had offer'd to take Lodgings for two of them, and to give them Money to be out of the way till the Tryal should be over, whereupon the Court order'd them into Custody. The Prisoner calied several to her Reputation, who had known her Husband and her self, some 12 other 18 Years, and gave her a good Character, and always found her Honest. The Jury considering the whole matter found her 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
