










                     Mary 
                     Francis 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Rachel 
                     Taylor 
                  



                
             , of St. Giles in the Fields



, were indicted, Mary Francis for 


               feloniously stealing a Pair of Gold Buttons and a Silver Fork
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Isabella 
                     Vansittars 
                  



                
            , on the 1st of August



 last, and 
               
                  Rachel 
                  Taylor 
               



             for 


               receiving the same knowing them to be stole
            .
They were a second time indicted, Francis for 


               feloniously stealing a Gold Locket,2 Gold Rings, a Gold enamel'd Ring,&c.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Clausina 
                     Vansittars 
                  



                
            , and Rachel Taylor for 


               receiving the same knowing them to be stole
            . It appear'd that Mary Francis had been a Chare-woman
 in the House above a Week, and helping them to remove some Goods up Stairs, took those mentioned in the Indictments. The Constable depos'd that going with a Search Warrant to Tayler's Cellar, found the Fork and some went Linnen there; and Taylor conselt where they had dispos'd of the rest, and they were found according to their direction. A Goldsmith deposed he bought the Buttons of Taylor for 14 s.6 d. Another deposed, that Taylor and her Daughter Mary Francis came together and sold him a small Ring for 4 s.6 d. that they came again with Gold Studs, and he examining how they came by them, Taylor said her Daughter's Sweetheart gave them her. Mary Francis confessed the Fact, and took it upon her self, saying that her Mother did not know they were stole, for she had told her they were given her. The Jury considering the matter, 

               Acquitted
             Taylor, and found Mary Francis 

               Guilty
             of both Indictments. 


               Transportation
            .
