









                     James 
                     Halliday 
                  



               
             of St. Giles in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 180 Yards of Serge value 12 l.
             the Goods of Sir


                     Thomas 
                     Berry 
                  



                
            , on the 5th of October


 last. It appeared that the Prisoner came to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Berry 
               



            's Warehouse under pretence of buying Goods; that he lookt on some Long Ells, and at last fix'd upon 8 pieces, and agreed to pay 12 l. for them on delivery; that Mr. Berry sent a Porter with them and a Receipt for the Money, according to the Prisoner's Directions, ordering the Porter not to leave the Goods without the Money; that when he brought the Goods to the Prisoner's Lodgings, he ask'd if he had brought a Receipt with him, and the Porter said he had; then the Prisoner spoke to a Woman in the Room to give him the Bag of Money; she ask'd him whether he would have it all, he said Yes; for he was to pay another Man some Money; so the Porter left the Goods, and went along with the Prisoner and his Bag of Money to the Alehouse; when they came there the Prisoner ask'd if they had any Boy to go of an Errand, but they had none; then the Prisoner laid the Bag of Money on the Table, and left it under the Porter's care, while he went to see for the other Man himself: but the Prisoner never came back, and the Porter being tired with waiting, took the Bag and went to the House where he left the Goods; but the Prisoner, the Woman who reach'd him the Bag, and the Goods were gone; and the Woman who kept the House told him the Prisoner was no Lodger; however the porter staid there till he sent for his Master; and the Bag of Money he had left, prov'd only some Copper Half-pence. The prisoner had got the Receipt from the porter, and as they went to the Ale-house carryed him to an Empty House in Red-Lyon-Square, saying he had taken it for a Shop, and that he should bring the next Goods theither. The prisoner at first deny'd that he was the person; then said that he paid the porter for them, and produc'd Mr. Berry's Receipt, but was Contradicted by the porter; he also pleaded that it could not be Felony; but a Felonious Intent plainly appearing from the beginning to the end, the Jury found him 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
He was again indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 95 Yards of Holland, 16 yards of printed Collicoe, 39 yards of Irish Linnen, &c
            . the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Baylis 
                  



                
            , on the 13th of May


 last.
He was also indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 120 Yards of Holland, value 7 l. 14 s. 20 Ells of Holland, value 3 l. 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Fox 
                  



                
            , on the 26th of May


 last. It appeared that the prisoner was a very notorious Offender, and had cheated the Prosecutors of their Goods, but it not amounting to Fellony, the Jury 

               Acquitted
             him of these two Indictments.
