







                     Bridget 
                     Noland 
                  



               
            , of St. Dunstan's in the West


, was indicted for 


               picking the Pocket of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Williams 
                        




                      
                   of 2 Guineas and 7 s.6 d. in Money
            , the 9th of June
 last. The Prosecutor depos'd, that as he was going along Fleetstreet about 11 a Clock at Night, he met a Company of Men and women together, and looking into the Crowd the Prisoner took hold of his Sleeve, another being with her, telling him that some Fellow followed her and she could not get rid of him, desiring him to see her home to her Lodgings; which she told him were hard by; he accordingly went with them to White-Fryers


, taking them to be civil Women, and when they came to the House they would needs have him drink some Wine or a Dram, and so they call'd for a Bottle of Cherry-Brandy, and drank full Glasses, which made him suspect them, but he would not drink above half his Glass. When they had drank a Dram or two round, they pulled up their Coats about their Wast, and told him now he had seen what they had, they must see what he had, and fell to unbuttoning his Breeches, and in the mean time pickt his Pocket; upon which he demanded his Money, threatning the Prisoner if she did not give it him; in Return of which, a Woman in a Furbelow-Scarf fell a swearing and damming him, and they swore if he made any Noise there, they would knock out his Brains. So the Landlord came and sent for a Constable, she charg'd the Constable with him, and he with her, and so they both were carried to the Compter. The Prisoner denied the Fact, saying he came in with the other Women in the Furbelow-Scarf, and went up Stairs, and was upon the Bed with her with his Breeches unbutton'd, but would not lie with her, saying she had the Pox, but gave her a Shilling to fetch Rods to Slogg him with, and that when he came to pay his Reckoning it was 5 s. and he said he had lost his Money. Upon the while the Jury found her 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
