







                     Joseph 
                     Holyday 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrews Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Silver Tankard value 81.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wardman 
                  




                
             the 25th of December
 last. The Evidence deposed that the Prisoner with some others were a drinking in his House between 8 and 9 a Clock in the Morning, and being much in drink they refused to set him have any more; upon which the Prisoner gave the boy the Tankard, bidding him take care of it; which he did, setting it in the Bar, and that a little while after the Tankard was missing, but he did not suspect the Prisoner, he being a Neighbour, whom he had long known, who had a very good Character, that he could have intrusted him with 10 times the value; still some small time after he had heard that the Prisoner's Wife was making great Lamentation her Husband was taken up by 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Wild 
               



             for stealing a Tankard and was sent to the Compter. Jonathan Wild deposed, that in the forenoon the Day aforesaid; the Prisoner being much in drink, brought the Tankard to, him in his Apron to pawn or sell, having with, him his little Boy, that thereupon he ask'd him whose it was, the Prisoner said it was his own, He then reply'd he was no Pawn-broker, why did he bring it to him. He answered he was directed to him. He then ask'd him what he would have for it, he answered sure it was worth 3 l. He then reply'd it was so, and provided he could make him a good Title to it, and give him Satisfaction that his Wife should not come and break his Window's she buying it, it would buy it; by this discourse while she got an Officer to seize her. The Prisoner pleaded he had it had it given him by 2 Men in Holbourn, who asked him if he know Jonathan Wild, and bid him go to him and fetch 3 l. for it, by the same token they had been with him the Night before, and would be with him again at 3 a Clock. But not being able to prove this tho' indeed there were a great many Person who had given him a very good Character for Industry and Honesty from his very Childhood the perfect time the Jury found him 


               guilty to the value of 39 s.
            



               Transportation
            .
