








                     Mary 
                     Robinson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 27 Yards of Bread Cloth, value 201.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Bird 
                  





                
             the 12th of December

 last. The Waggoner deposed his Waggon was robbed, and the Cloth stolen out of a Pack between Hounslow and London



. 
               
                  Eliz 
                  Jackson 
               



             deposed, that while the Carrier staid at the King of Bohemis's Head, the Waggon going on before, 
               
                  Jack 
                  Wilson 
               



             cut the Pack, took out the Piece of Cloth, and threw it over a Hedge to the Prisoner, and they afterwards proved it for 31. The Jury found her 

               guilty
            .
She was indicted a second time for 


               feloniously stealing 20 yards of Shalloon and 2 pound of Coffee
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Taylor 
                  





                
             , the 1st of June

 last. The Waggoner deposed, that the Prisoner and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jackson 
               



             bargained with him to carry them to Brentwood , and he having in the Waggon a Truss of Goods sent from a Shopkeeper in London to his Chapman in the Country, he deliver'd the said pack of Goods, but when the pack was opened the person was surpris'd to find a piece of Shalloon and other things he had sent for wanting, and some old Rags and old Shoes, not worth a Farthing, put on so carefully into the back; and accordingly sent to his Chapman in Town to know the meaning of it. Eliz. Jackson deposed that she and the Prisoner did the Fact, cut open the Fact, took out the Goods, put in the Rags and old Shoes to fill up the Vacancy, and sow'd it up again. The Rags and old Shoes were preserv'd and pr'd in Court. The Prisoner deny'd the Fact; but the Carrier was positive she was one of the Women; so the Jury found her 

               guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            

