












                     Joseph 
                     Shanon 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     George 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Martin 
                        



                      
                   on the King's Highway. and feloniously taking from him a Hat, value 10 s.
             the 9th of September


 last. Elizabeth George was indicted a second time for 


               stealing a Wig, value 5 l.
             the property of the said James Martin. The Prosecutor depos'd that as he was walking through St. James's Park




, near the end of the Canal over against the Horse Guards , between 7 and 8 a Clock on the Night aforesaid; two Soldiers and a Woman came up to him, and the Soldier jostled him, whereupon he said to them what's the Matter, can't you see your way, to which the Prisoner Elizabeth George reply'd,'Sh - d do you assau't my Husband, and without any more words the Prisoner Shannon drew his Sword, cut him cross the Forehead; by which blow he was lay'd open to the Skull and tell to the Ground, the Soldier there cutting at him, giving him another Wound on the Wrist, and another on the Hand; which had in all probability cut off one or more of his Fingers, but that the Edge of the Sword struck upon a Diamond Ring with that violence that the Sword broke in half; and the same time cut out the great Diamond, which was lost; and that he had in all probability Murther'd had not Major for her immediately come to his Assistance, and Captain Beseaux, who apprehended the two Prisoners; but his Hat was lost. Captain Beseaux confirm'd what the Prosecutor had said, and that he going along with Captain Martin, and being near to him when the Assault was given, turning and seeing the Soldier cutting at him, said what are you doing but received to Answer but a Cut on the side of his Mouth ; that he therupon calling to the Centry, a Soldier came to their Assistance, and Major Forster coming up, they seized the two Prisoners but one of the Soldiers got away. Major Forster depos'd, that as he was going through the Park, he heard a Noise, and making up to it, there saw the Prisoner draw his Sword, and cutting at the Prosecutor, while he lay on the Ground, and heard his Sword break, upon which he lay'd hold of him; but he breaking from him, they all ran away; but the two Prisoners being pursued, were taken, the other Soldier escaped, it being Dark; that the Prisoner was then in his Accoutrements . and upon the Tils-Yard Duty at the time that he did the Fact. The Soldier that came to their Assistance deposed, that he hearing an Out-cry, went to the Gentlemens Assistance, and they carried the Gentlemen and two Prisoners into the Guard Room and that he having Mr. Martins Wig under his Arm, and assaulting in washing his Wounds with Brandy, Elizabeth George took the Wig from under his Arm, and opening the Guard Room Door. ran away with it, but he persued and took her. The Prisoners had nothing material to say in their Defence, but it not being prov'd that either of them had the Prosecutors Hat, they were 

               acquitted
             of that Robbery; but Elizabeth George was found 

               Guilty
             of stealing the Wig. 


               Transportation
            . 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Shannon 
                  



                
             , was indicted a second time for an 


               Assault upon Mr. 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Martin 
                     



, which being plainly prov'd by the former Evidence, he was found 

               Guilty
             of that Indictment, and Sentenc'd to 



               lye in Prison 12 Months
            .
