











                     Roger 
                     Cane 
                  



                
             of St. Botolph without Aldgate



, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 6 pair of Shoes out of the House of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Bennet 
                        



 on the 9th of November




 last. The Prosecutor deposed that he lost 6 pair of Shoes out of his Shop the Night aforesaid about 7 a Clock. Edward Lloyd deposed that the prisoner and himself coming down East-Smithfield






, the prisoner unbolted the Door, and he (the Evidence) went in and took the Goods, and that they sold them to a Woman in Houndsditch






 for 6 s. The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .
He was a second time indicted with 
               
                  
                     Phebe 
                     Grisby 
                  



                
             , He for 


               Assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Raynard 
                        



                      
                   on the Highway, on the 16th of October




 last, and taking from him a Hat, a Handkerchief and a Tobacco-Box
            ; and Grisby for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stole
            . The Prosecutor deposed that he was Assaulted by two Men in Rosemary-Lane






 between 9 and 10 the Night aforesaid, and thrown down and tumbled in the Dirt; and lost his Hat, Handkerchief and Tobacco-Box. Edw. Lloyd deposed that the prisoner and himself were together in Rosemary-Lane, and that the prisoner knockt the Prosecutor down, and took the Goods mentioned in the Indictment; that they carry'd the Hat to Grishy, and told her where they stole it, and she Sold it for them for 20d. which they divided, and gave the Handkerchief to Grisby. They both denied the Fact, and Grishy called several to her Reputation, who gave her a good Character. But the Fact being plain against them the Jury found them 

               Guilty
            . Cane 


               Death
            . Grisby 


               Transportation
            .
He was a third time indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 9 Shirts and 7 pair of Stockings, out of the Shop of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Clarke 
                        



, on the 28th of October




 last, and Phebe Grisby for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stole
            . The Prosecutor deposed he lost the Goods out of his Shop, and Edward Lloyd deposed that the prisoner and himself committed the Fact, and carry'd the Goods to Grisby; but there being none to corroborate Lloyd's Evidence against Grisby, she was 

               Acquitted
            , and Cane found 

               Guilty
             of the Indictment.
