







                  William 
                  Marvell 
               



            , of St. Stephen in Coleman-street


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing 10 Silk Handkerchiefs, value 12 s. out of the Shop
             of 
               
                  Nathaneal 
                  Sirmas 
               




             , on the 7th of August
 last. It appeared that the Prisoner went to the Prosecutors Shop and cheapen'd some Handkerchiefs, that he carry'd one to the Door to shew to a Woman who was there, and asked her if she liked it; and as soon as he was gone they mist the Handkerchiefs off the Compter, whereupon the prosecutor's Daughter went after him, but he was got out of Sight, and the Woman of the Alehouse who stood at her Door asked her what she sought after; and she describing his person, and with a Lock under his Arm and an Apron on, her Neighbour told her that she saw him go by just now, that she knew him, and that he was Marvell the Hangman ; whereupon they made enquiry after him, and about 5 or 6 Weeks after he was taken by one of the Beadles in the Fields, and brought to the Anchor Alehouse; and the prosecutor's Wife and Daughter were positive he was the same person; and that the Handkerchiefs were upon the Compter when he was there, and mist as soon as he was gone, and that no Body else came into the Shop in the mean while; this was confirm'd by another Woman who was in the Shop all the time: that when he was Apprehended he offer'd to make Satisfaction if the prosecutor would take it by 1 s. a Week, he being poor, and said that he was drunk when he did it. The prisoner owned his being in the Shop to buy a Handkerchief, but denied that he took any away, and said that he was prosecuted out of Malice, several having bore him an III Will for performing his Office in cutting off the Earl of Derweutwaser's Head. He called several who gave him the Character of an Honest and Industrious Man, and some of them added, that they had heard him declare he resolved to continue so as long as he lived, and that be would rather beg than steal; for that it he should be taken in stealing but one penny, his very Character would hang him; that he did sometimes beg and they had relieved him. The Jury considering the whole matter brought him in 


               Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            



               Transportation
            . Whereupon he beg'd of the Court not to send him beyond Sea; but to admit him to any Corporal Punishment they should think fit, which he would willingly submit to, tho' it were to be Whipt a Mile.
