








                     Mary 
                     Harvy  alias 
Coate




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Parker 
                  



                
             of St. Botolph Bshopsgate



, were indicted for 


               privately stealing from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Cassel 
                        




                      
                  , a silver Watch, value 7 l.
             the Goods of Dancel Cassel, on the 18th of November
 last. The Prosecutor depos'd, that As be was going along von Night, very merry vid Liquor, dese two Vomen (de prisoners at de bar ) fell in his vay, and Mary Harvy ask a him to go vid her to her loshing, and ven da came dare, she no find de key of de Door 
               
                  Den Ann 
                  Parker 
               



             told a him she had got a loshing in Petty France


; and to he ventvid em to dat loshing, and vent up von pair of Stairs; and dare Mary Harvy and he tumbel upon de Bed togeder; and den Harvy pick a his Vash out of his Pocket, and give is to Parker, and Parker run away vid de Vash, and Harvy get off de Bed and run away too; but his Breeshes vare down, and be cou'd no run after dem, to cash'em. Den anoder Voman came in, and ask a him, vat vill you give for your Vash again? and he say to her. I have no Money left, but I will give a you von pot of Beer; she lay dat is too leetle, and so she went out again. Den he make a very mush noise, and den de Vashman and de Connestable come in, and den dese two Vomen at de Bar come in after dem; and den he say to de Connestable. Maitre Connestable dese 2 Vomen have steal a my Vash out of my Pocket, and den de Connestable, and de Vashman take a dem all to de Compter.
Harvy in her Defence said, that she met the Prosecutor and a Woman with him, in Bishopsgate street; that the Prosecutor ask'd her to drink, and then carry'd her to this House in Petty France. That he went up with the other Woman, but would not let her go up with'em but that she staid below in the Kitchen; that in a little while he sent her down a Shilling to fetch two penny worth of Rods; that she went for the Rods, and when she came back, she found the Constable and Watchmen there; that one of the Watchmen told her, the Prosecutor had lost his Watch. but he (the Prosecutor) could not be positive who had it. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jenkins 
               



             depos'd, that she saw the Prosecutor, and Harvy, and another Woman, known by the Name of squinting Abigail, go into her Neighbour's House in Petty France, and go up Stairs together; that 
               
                  Ann 
                  Parker 
               



             was a Servant in the House and did not go up with `em, but staid below to tend the Child. The Watchmen coming in, the Prosecutor said, Harvy had  pick'd his Pocket of his Watch, and that she said she gave it to squinting Abigail; that she knew Ann Parker to be a good honest Woman. Parker was 

               acquitted
            , and Mary Harvey found 

               guilty of Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


