







                     Ann 
                     Mason 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrews Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Muslin Apron, a Silk Handkerchief, a Suit of Headclothes, a piece of Gold call'd a Jacobus, 5 pieces of old Silver value 5 s. and 19 s. in Money, on the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Usher 
                        




 on the 1st of March
 last. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner was his Servant
, and that he having lost Money several times suspected her, whereupon he went to 
               
                  Susan 
                  Ashton 
               



             (who recommended her to him) to acquaint her with it, and she came to his House, searcht the Prisoner and ript the piece of Gold out of her Petticoat where it had been sewed up; that he found 2 pieces of the old Silver at Mr. Waters's where  she had sold them; that there were two pieces of Gold lay together, and that she told him she took but one of them because the other had a Hole in it, and she was afraid it would not pass. 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Ashton 
               



             confirmed the Doctor's coming to her and her going with him, and ripping a piece of Gold and a Shilling out of her Petticoat; and farther deposed that the Prisoner owned that the Broad Piece was the Doctor's. Mr. Waters deposed that the Prosecutor found a 6 d. of K. Charles l. and a Groat of K. Henry VIII. in his Glass, and said they were his, and gave him a shilling for them again, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wells 
               



             deposed, that one 
               
                  Ann 
                  Mason 
               



             brought an Apron and a suit of Headclothes to him, but could not swear the Prisoner was the Person. The Prisoner deny'd the Fact, and said the Prosecutor had wrong'd her of 13 l. and call'd an Officer who deposed that he had arrested the Prosecutor in July last for 10 l. at the Prisoners Suit. Another deposed that he ask'd the Prosecutor why he did not serve the Warrant on her before, having taken it out 5 Months ago: to which the Prosecutor being call'd to answer reply'd, that he was inform'd by the Justice that he might do it when he pleased, and that he had not done it now but that he was inform'd that she was got into an ill Gang, some of which have been already Executed, and he was afraid of having his House broke open by her and her Accomplices. The Jury considering the whole matter found her 


               Guilty to the value of 10 d
            . 


               Transportation
            .
