









                  Gervis 
                  Charlton 
               



             , a Mulatto
, and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Scott 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a large Quantity of Gold Dust, the Goods of Persons unknown
            , Octob. 17
.
Captain Strange thus depos'd, Last January being on the Coast of Africa


, I met with Captain Griffis, and inquiring of him about Trade, he told me he had bought about 150 Ounces of Gold Dust, and expected to buy more, the Prisoner, Gervis Charlton brought it from his Scrutore, it was very good, I believe it might be worth Three Pounds eighteen Shillings per Ounce.


                  Archihald 
                  Kenedy 
               



             depos'd, I went down into the Steerage, and see the Prisoner Gervis Charlton, take the Seals off Capt. Griffes's Scrutore, and took out a Lump in a Leather Case much like that which we tie up Gold Dust in, and laid it upon the Table.


                  Matthew 
                  Spencer 
               



             depos'd, That when Capt. Dart was sick he saw the Prisoner Carlton in the Cabin as he was going into the Hold, and when he came up again see the Scrutore opened; that the Prisoner Charlton put his Hand in his Pocket, and gave the Deponent as much Gold Dust as he sold for 42 Shillings in the West Indies, and that the Scrutore was not open when he went down.
Mr. Farnell a Goldsmith thus depos'd, On the 17th of October, the Prisoner came into my, Shop with two Leather Bags, in which were some small Parcels of Gold, that he said he brought from the Indies, and asked me Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Ounce for its I told him I would melt it down, he should see me do it, and there was two Ounces of it; for which I gave him eight Pounds, the Prisoner said that was his own, but the other belong'd to another Person. The Prisoner's Examination was read in Court, and he confess'd the Fact, and the Jury brought him in 

               guilty
             of the Indictment.
But Mr. Scott being no ways affected but by Charlton's Examination, and a great many Gentlemen appear'd to his Character, the Jury 

               acquitted
             him.




[Transportation. See summary.]


