







                     James 
                     Arnold 
                  



               
            , of St. Mary White-Chappel


, was indicted for 


               stealing 35 Pound of Raw Silk, 2 Neck Handkerchiefs, a Hoop-Petticoat, a Half Handkerchief, a pair of Stays, and other things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sloan 
                  




                
            , November 28
.


                  John 
                  Sloan 
               



             thus depos'd, The 28th of Nov. I desir'd my Wife to carry the Silk up Stairs, about nine at Night, I ask'd if it was carried up, and she said it was, and then thinking I heard a Noise, I enquired if any Body was above, they answered me no, however I went into the Warehouse, and the Silk was gone, and the corner of the Blind broke.


                  Mary 
                  Sloan 
               



             depos'd, That she lost 2 Neck-Handkerchiefs, a half Handkerchief, a Hoop-Petticoat, a Mobb, a pair of Pockets, and a Cap, which were found upon the Prisoner.


                  Clement
                   Corde-Roy
               



             depos'd, That he found the small things upon the Prisoner, but not the Silk, which he supposed was carried off, and that there were more than one concerned in the Robery.
- Humpbreys depos'd, That the Sash was down between 4 and 5 o'Clock that Evening.


                  John 
                  Young 
               



             depos'd, That as he was comeing by the House of Mr. Sloan, they came out and call'd Watch, and Mrs. Sloan, call'd Fire, that he look'd and saw the Prisoner fling up the Sash and that he stept up and took him just as he was coming out of the Window.
Mr. Sloan's Brother depos'd, That as he was sitting in the Parlour, he heard there was somebody above, and he answer'd he would Catch them when they came down, and steping out, saw the Prisoner come down from the Blind.


                  John 
                  Wortley 
               



             depos'd, That on Friday the 28th of Nov. between 9 and 10 at Night, he heard his Neighbour call Watch, Thieves, and Fire, and going to see what was the Matter, they had seiz'd the Prisoner before he got there, but that he found the Petticoat and Stays between the Pallisadoes, just under where the Prisoner was taken, upon searching him, they found a dark Lanthorn, a strong Knife, 2 Bullets and a Chissel, which were produc'd in Court.
The Prisoner's Defence is scarce worth mentioning, for he only said that he saw the things lie in the Street, and pickt them up, and they came out and took him, the Jury found him 

               guilty
             of Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


