










                     John 
                     Terry 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cornwall 
                  



                
             of St. Olave Hart-Street



, were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 5 pound weight of Russia Yarn value 2 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  William and 
                     

                              Richard 
                              Baker 
                           











            , on the 10th of January

 last. They were also indicted a Second time for 


               feloniously stealing 20 Ells of Russia Linnen value 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Hobday 
                  



                
            . 
               
                  Henry 
                  Bradford 
               



             deposed, that he was employed to House Merchants Goods; and that he employed the Prisoners as Porters

 to assist him; that being informed that Terry had lockt up some Goods in a Cupboard in a House they used, he waited in the Room concealed till Terry came and took Mr. Hubday's piece of Linnen out of the Cupboard, and then secured him: that Cornwall was taken in the next Room, with the Scane of Yarn in his Breeches. 
               
                  Philip 
                  Fortune 
               



             deposed, that he perceiving Cornwall's Apron to stick out, suspected him, and took the Scane of Yarn out of his Breeches. Terry in his Defence said, that he found the Cloth in the Yard, and carried it to the House to lay up, and going at Night to fetch it; he was stopt; but being told he should have enquir'd who it belong'd to, and not have concealed it; he said he never did an ill thing before, and called several to his Reputation. Cornwall said he knew nothing of it, but called none to his Reputation. The Jury considering the matter, found them 


               Guilty of both Indictments to the value of 10 d. each
            . 



               Transportation
            .
