







                     Elizabeth 
                     Ashmore 
                  



               
            , of the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silk Purse, value 2 d. a Piece of Foreign Silver, value 2 d. one Guinea and a Half and Fifty three Shillings in Money, from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Keneday 
                        




, Decemb 3
.


                  James 
                  Keneday 
               



             thus depos'd, The Prisoner at the Bar robbed me last Saturday Night of four Pounds odd Money; I was bound for a Barber, and was going to pay the Man some Money, but he not being at Home I went to the Bell in Drury-Lane, and drank three Pints of Beer; returning home between 11 and 12 a Clock, with my Money, I met the Prisoner, who Collar'd me, and said she would have a Pint of Drink; I went in, and she called another Woman into the Room, and I told them I had been to pay some Money, and the Man was not at Home, and they both were for rifling my Pockets, and scratched my Face; whereupon I gets to the Sash and cries out Murder, but the Watch would not come to my Assistance; then they got hold of my Neckcloth, and twisted it so hard that I could not speak a Word for Half an Hour, and the Prisoner took my Purse away.


                  Robert 
                  Morris 
               



            , the Beadle thus depos'd, They were both brought before the Constable between 12 and 10 Clock at St. Martin's Round-house; the Prosecutor said he lost his Money in Drury-Lane, I taxed the Woman with it, but she would not confess, so we went to the House, and goes into the Room where the Prosecutor said they was, and by the Bed-side found the Purse with Thirty-five Shillings in it, and the Piece of Foreign Coin, it being a Hanover Piece.
The Prisoner in her Defence said, That she was standing at their own Door, and the Prosecutor forc'd her to go in with him, and because she would not let him use his Pleasure with her (for he was very much fuddled, and had been fighting before she see him) he took her by the Throat and almost strangled her. The Jury found her 

               guilty
             of Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


