







                     Samuel 
                     Gilbert 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Pocket, a Gold Watch and Chain, 3 Guineas and 3 s.
             on the 13th of November
.
The Prosecutors Wife thus depos'd. The Prisoner who is a Coachman
 set me down at my Door, and gave me his Hand to help me out of the Coach. My Pocket was on that Side next him. As I stept down, I felt a sort of a switch as if some part of my Cloths had catch'd hold of the Coach. My Maid came to the Door with a Candle. The Prisoner was going to drive away without his Fare. I mist my Pocket, and charg'd him with it. He deny'd it. But I insisting that I had it in the Coach, he came down and he look'd for it; We found it in the Coach; my Maid was going to take it up, but he pusht his Arm forward, and took it up. I saw it was dirty, and ask'd him how he could say that he knew nothing of it, when it was so plain that it had been in the Dirt, and afterwards was put into the Coach. He told me that he did indeed take it up in the Street, and throw it into the Coach, but he thought it had been his Corn Bag. Then turning the Pocket upside down, he shook my Watch and Money into the Street upon which Words arising, my Husband came to the Door. The Prosecutors Maid confirm'd the latter Part of is Evidence.
The Prosecutor thus depos'd. I sent for a Constable, upon which the Prisoner began to be uneasy, and desir'd to speak with me in the Parlour; but my Wife and Maid following, he said Nothing, but taking the Candle, went round to the farther Side of the Coach, and open'd that Door, desir'd me to look under the Cushion, which I did; but yet having an Eye upon him, I saw him stoop two or three Times, and to my thinking lay something down on the Coach Floor, and then immediately holding the Candle to the Place where his Hand had been, See Sir, says he, here lies the Money. - I seiz'd him, a Mob began to gather, he got from me and ran away; but in about two Hours after, he return'd and demanded his Fare.
At one Time when he was examin'd, he said that the Money dropt into his Shoes; and at another Time that they fell only upon his Shoes; he could not tell how they got into the Coach afterwards. Several Witnesses gave him a good Character, and the Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


