







                     Thomas 
                     Fleetwood 
                  



               
            , of Rislip


 was indicted for 


               stealing 4 Sacks and 8 Bushels of Wheat, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ralph 
                           Bugby 
                        



                      
                  , and 1 Sack and 4 Bushels of Wheat, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Matth.ew 
                           Bugby 
                        



, March 26
. Ralph Bugby thus depos'd. I lost the Corn on Sunday Night, and upon making Search I found it hid in the Prisoner's Haymow at Hendon. At first he said he had no Wheat; but when I found it, he said he bought it of a broken Farmer out of his Waggon at Bear Key, though some Folks have told me that there never are any Waggons come to Bear Key with Corn. When I found my Wheat it was not in my Sacks, but in old Sacks of his own. - When I was Searching I found a hollow Place in the Mow, and I call'd for a Fork. I'll fetch ye one, says the Prisoner, but instead of coming with it he run away; - and when he was taken again, he offer'd me 20, 30, or 40 Guineas, or any thing that I would desire to make it up. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that it was usual for want of Room to make such Places in Haymows to put Chaff, or Beans, or Corn. That he had a 10 Pounds a Year of his own, and Rented between 3 and 4 Score Pounds a Year more at Hendon, that he lived all his Life in Credit and therefore it was not likely that he should turn Thief in his old Age, to steal a quarter of Wheat. 
               
                  Abram 
                  Wells 
               



             thus depos'd. I was with the Prisoner at Bear-Key, the last Day of January, when he bought 2 Quarters of Wheat in Sacks, which stood on the Ground, and he carry'd them home in a Cart. - 'Tis common in my Country to have such Holes in Hay-mows, to put Chaff and Peas in. Several of the Prisoner's Neighbours appear'd in his Behalf, and gave him the Character of a very honest industrious Man. The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


