









                              Christopher 
                              Elliot 
                           



                            
                   and 
									Edith
                   his Wife





             were indicted for 


               privately stealing, in the Ware-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Whitaker 
                     



                   210 Ells of Culgee Handkerchiefs, value 10 l. 6 s. 136 Yards of Slesias, value 12 l. 8 s. 33 Yards of Britanny, value 58 s 6 Ells of Scotch Cloth, value 3 s. and 2 Ells of Canvas 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Atkinson 
                  



                
            , on the 7th of January
 Instant. The Witnesses thus deposed Mr. Whitaker received into his Ware-house a Truss of Linnen at the 3 Cranes


 from Messrs Taylor and Atkinsen to be shipt for Newcastle. The Prisoner Christopher had for 3 Months past been employ'd by Whitaker at his Wharf, The Goods were lost on a Friday Night, and on Saturday Morning early, the Prisoner left a parcel of these Goods at the House of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Jones 
               



            , Mr. Jones hearing that the Goods were stolen, he made enquiry among the Drapers and found it to be so in reallity. Another parcel the Prisoners desir'd 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Ayres 
               



             to pawn for 'em, and a third Parcel was found at the Peacok in Pepper Alley


, where the Prisoners had left 'em. The Jury found the Man 


               guilty to the value of 4. s 10 d.
             But the Court directing the Jury, that as by Law the Wife is under the influence and Power of her Husband, therefore whatever she does in Obedience to him or with his Knowledge, must not be imputed to her as Criminal. They 

               acquitted
             Edith.




[Transportation. See summary.]


