







                     Sarah 
                     Scales 
                  



               
            , of St. Botolph's Aldgate


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Silver Watch, Value 50 s. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Anderson 
                        




, the 11th of this Instant May
. The Prosecutor depos'd, that having been drinking at a Neighbour's House, and going Home about 11 a-Clock at Night, he sat down on his own Bench and fell asleep, and when waked his Watch was gone; that the next Day having Notice the Prisoner was taken up by a Constable, and was at an Alehouse on Tower-Hill, he went thither. That the Prisoner said to him, You old Rogue, your come about your Watch, I warrant you; I have pawn'd it; and shewing him her Shoes and Stockings, said she had bought them with his Money. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Atkins 
               



             depos'd, she and the Prisoner were together, and that she the Prisoner did take the Watch out of the Prosecutor's Pocket while he was sleeping upon a Bench, and that it was pawned to a Broker in Houndsditch, and that she went and informed a Constable of it, and he took her up. The Broker depos'd the Watch was pawn'd to him in the Prisoner's Name for 20 s. The Prisoner pleaded that there was a very great Intimacy between her and the Prosecutor; that she used to be with him constantly a Nights, being let in privately, and let out at the Window early in the Morning; and that the Prisoner had promised her Money to buy her Clothes; and not having Money, he gave her the Watch to pawn for 20 s. But this being contrary to the Evidence of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Atkins 
               



            , and the Prosecutor denying that he ever saw her before, that he knew of, the Jury found her 


               guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


