







                     Thomas 
                     Glanister 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles in the Fields


. was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving a Silver Tankard, value 6 l. a Silver Mugg 3 l. a Salver 5 l. 54 l. of Bolonia Thrown Silk value 70 l. and other things, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Folwell 
                        




                      
                  , on the 28th of July
last, knowing them to be stolen, and for stealing of which, 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Darbieau 
                     



                   was Convicted of Felony at the Sessions held here on the 4th of April last
            . 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Leonard 
               



             depos'd, That himself, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Trantum 
               



             (not yet taken) and Mary D'arbieau broke open the House of Mr. Folwell in the Night, and took from thence the Goods mention'd in the indictment; which they sold the Prisoner in Holborn


 (his Son Nathaniel being then present and assisting, of which he was convicted at the Sessions in May last). The Prisoner was at first scrupulous of dealing with this Evidence, because he was a new Face, and (as he told Trantum) did not yet look like a thorow faced Rogue, and therefore would not be concern'd with him till he was satisfied of his being a Villian, fit to be trusted. They then agreed to meet at the Ducking-Pond, by the Spaw at Islington, in order to give the Prisoner a satisfactory Account of the Qualifications of this Evidence: which Trantum did; by telling him that he was lately return'd from Transportation. Nay (says the Prisoner) if that's the Case, I am Safe, and all is well. Then they brought the Goods to the Prisoner's House, and he gave them 4 s. 6 d. an Ounce for the Plate, by his own Weights, which were none of the heaviest, and 12 l. 10 s. for the Silk, which was worth 70 l. and threw them a Guinea over in the whole. The Plate was mark'd, and this Evidence ask'd him if he could dispose of it: O! says he, I could safely dispose of the King's Crown if I had it. The Prisoner in his Defence said, That he never saw Leonard before, and called several of his Neighbours to his Reputation. 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Brown 
               



            , at the Yorkshire Grey, by the Watchhouse in Holborn, depos'd, That the Prisoner was a Taylor
 by Trade, and us'd to deal in Cloaths, and he never knew any harm by him; but being cross examin'd, confest that he had a very bad Name, and was reputed to be a Buyer of Stolen Goods. 
               
                  John 
                  Martin 
               



            , Cooper, 
               
                  John 
                  Beddow 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Rotheram 
               



            , and others of his Neighbours in Holbourn near the Watch-house, with much ado, were brought to acknowledge, that he was a Man of a very ill Character, and notorious for buying of stolen Goods. All the Prisoner's Witnesses instead of clearing his Reputation, serv'd only to confirm what was already sworn against him. He was an old Offender, and the Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


