







                     Frances 
                     Slade 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing 2 Guineas and a half from a Person unknown
            , the 2d of September
 last. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Isham 
               



             deposed, That the Prisoner came to his House and called for Geneva, and showed him a handful of Gold, he believes 18 or 20 Guineas; and to convince him it was Gold, put 2 Broad Pieces into his Hand. - Lion, a Watchman, deposed, he met her about 12 or 1 a Clock, and She wanted him to light her home, and she giving him a Shilling he saw a handful of Gold. That he gave Notice to 
               
                  John 
                  Hare 
               



            , who acquainted the Constable; and when they went to her Lodging they heard her say to a Woman that was in Bed, get up, you Bitch, and get me a Coach, as I may be gone; I have got Money, and if I don't get away I shall be hang'd. John Hare deposed, That he having given the Constable Notice, he went and brought her to the Watch-house, and asking her for the Money, she replied, it was in her private Parts; she dropped 2 Guineas and a half from her, and had half a Crown and some Half pence in her Pocket. 
               
                  John 
                  Penney 
               



             the Constable depos'd, That the Watchman giving him Notice, that the Prisoner had got a great deal of Gold, and that they believed she had picked some Body's Pocket, he went with some Watchmen to her Lodgings, and the Night being still, and they making no Noise, heard a Woman's Voice in the Prisoner's Room say, I am sorry you have miss'd the Watch. That the Prisoner (for he knew her Voice) answered, no matter, I have got all his Gold; and said, you Bitch, go get me a Coach, I'll give you a Guinea. That a Person, he supposes a sort of a Servant, going out of Doors, he put in his Staff, and went in, and took her to the Watch-house, and examining her where the Money was, she would not own having any Money; but he ordering the Watch to search her, she said the Money was not in her Pocket, but it was in her Privy Parts (but she made use of the plain Name.) And saying, that she was not as she ought to be, and not fit to be search'd, but if they would let her alone she would search her self, they did permit her, then she stoop'd down, and putting her Hand under her Coats, a Guinea dropped on the Ground, afterwards half a Guinea, and then another Guinea; and he saw that she had nothing in her hand before. That he saw no more Money, but half a Crown in her Pocket, and some Half pence, &c. which she said was her own, and they gave that to her again; but he did suspect that at the same Time that she pretended to pull out the 2 Guineas and a half, she did put the rest further up, because she afterwards owned there were 6 or 7 more in the same Place, and owned, that as she was standing at Stone-Cutters Alley


, a Gentleman came to her, and asked her, what she stood there for? She told him, she stood there to wait for Money and good Company; whereupon he laid her down on the Stones, and lay with her, and while he was Doing her over, she put her Hand into his Pocket and took some Silver; and having a mind to try farther, she put her Fingers into his Fob Pocket, and took out his Gold, and then she thought she was at home; and when he had done with her, she told him she could not stay, and so went away from him. And added, That the Gentleman told her that he had never been better pleased by any Woman in his life. The Constable also deposed, That he put an Advertisement into the News, and a Person came and demanded the Money, but said it was not his, but a Gentleman's that would not appear. Upon which he told him, the Person must come himself, and give some Satisfaction the Money was his, because there were some Expressions between the Prisoner and Gentleman at that Time, which had been communicated to him, and would be Tokens that he was the Owner thereof. The Prisoner, before she began her Defence, demanded the 2 Guineas and a half that were in the Constable's Hands, promising, that then she would give an Account how she came by the Money. The Judge promising, that if she did give a good Account of it she should have it, she gave the following Account: That as she was, about 8 a Clock at Night in Great Queen-street and had just been drinking a Dram or two, a Gentleman came up to her, and took hold of her, and took her Stick out of her Hand, and she desired him to let her alone, and give her her Stick, for she was dark sighted, and could not go home without it; that then he laid her down upon the Ground, or Stone at a Gentleman's Door; that she cried out, and he thrust his Hand in his Pocket and gave her a whole handful of Money, as much as her Hand would hold, and then 2 Men coming by making a Noise, the Gentleman went away and left her. Then afterwards she did go to Isham's House, and called for Geneva, and did show the Money to him, to know what it was being dark sighted, and being glad to hear it was Gold, gave him a Crown Bowl of Punch, bought a Riding Hood, and other Clothes of his Wife, for her Rigging before was very mean. That she did give the Watchman a Shilling to light her home, and paid her Landlady a Guinea, she owing her Money, and in the interim of the Time the Constable and Watch came and carried her to the Watch-house, and took her Money from her. The Fact being plainly proved, the Jury found her 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
