








                     William 
                     Robinson 
                  



               
             of Fulham


, was indicted for 


               breaking open the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Ailesby 
                        



                      
                   on the 20th of February

 last in the Night-time, and taking thence a Bible value 4 d. and a Common-Prayer-Book value 4 d.
             the Goods of the said 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ailesby 
               



            . He was indicted a second time for 


               feloniously stealing a Whips, value 3 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     White 
                  



                
             on the 8th of August

 last. 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Ailesby 
               



             deposed, that her House was fast at 9 at Night, and at 6 in the Morning she found the Rag tone off from her Window-Board, her Door open, and the Books gone; that the Prisoner confest he went in at the Window (it being open) and took the Goods, but that he did not break the House. 
               
                  John 
                  White 
               



             deposed, that he lost 2 Whips out of his Stable, that he lockt his Stable- Door when he went to Bed, but left the Key in it. 
               
                  John 
                  Phelps 
               



             deposed, that he found the Prisoner in White's Orchard, taking the Fruit, and the 2 Whips under the Tree, which he confest be took out of White's Stable. The Prisoner had nothing to say for himself. 


               The Burglary not being sufficiently proved the Jury acquitted him of that, and found him Guilty of Felony and to the Value of 10 d.
            



               Transportation
            .
