








                     Sarah 
                     Johnson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Price 
                  



                
            , of St. James in Westminister



, were indicted for 


               privately stealing 4 Guineas from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas 
                           Higgins 
                        




, on the 12th of this Instant May
. The Prosecutor deposed that between 11 and 12 a Clock the Night aforesaid, he met the Prisoners at the Corner of Pall Mall


, that Price thrust her Hand into his Breeches, whereupon he laid his hand to his Fob, having most Money there, to secure it, the 4 Guineas were in his side Pocket; that Johnson came up and did the same; that when they had done, they went off, and he immediately mist his Guineas; that he followed and seized Johnson; and calling out the Watch stopt Price. That he had the Guineas in his Pocket Half an Hour before at Richard's Coffee-House at Temple-Bar, and that his Friend came along with him from thence, whom he had just parted with as he met the Prisoners, that they met no Body by the Way that could take his Money, and that he was not Drunk. - Mongomry (the Watchman) deposed, that the Prosecutor held Johnson, and he took Price, that he put them all three in the Roundhouse: and that he had carried Johnson and Price to Prison before for Night-Walking. Johnson in her Defence said, that Price and she had been at Chelsea, and going Home Price stopt to tye her Garter, that the Prosecutor came by and put his Hand up her Coats; that she (Johnson) desired him to be civil to Price she being with Child: whereupon he turn'd to her (Johnson) and put his Hand up her Coats; and said she was so Fat he could not feel what she had; so went to Price again, who he ran against a Door; and would have lain with her there, but the People opening it they had like to have fallen in; that then he forced her to another Door, then another, and because they would not comply called the Watch and charged them with picking his Pocket; that he was very Drunk and would have lain with a Woman in the Roundhouse, Mr. Trenworth deposed, that he came along with the Prosecutor from the Coffee-House, saw he had Gold there; and that he was not drunk. The Prisoners called some to their Reputation. The Jury considering the matter, that both of them could not take the 4 Guineas privately from his Person, as laid in the Indictment, found Mary Price 


               Guilty of Felony only
            . 


               Transportation
            : and Sarah Johnson, 

               Guilty
             of the Indictment. 


               Death
            .
