







                     William 
                     Thompson 
                  



               
            , of St. Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Poplin Gown and Petticoat, a Crape Petticoat, a Linnen Shift and a Riding Hood, in all to the value of 40s. in the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Ray 
                        




, on the 18th of March
 last. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner was a Lodger in the same House, (a very impudent Fellow) and told him that his (the Prosecutor's) Wife, was more his (the Prisoner's) than the Prosecutor's: whereupon he bid him go out, but he said he would not go without his Clothes, that then he unlockt his Drawer, and took out his Wife's Clothes to come at the Prisoner's, and gave the Prisoner his own, but the Prisoner took his (the Prosecutor's) Wife's Clothes with his own by force, saying they were his, and he bought them, and carried them to his Lodgings, and would have had her gone along with him. The Prosecutor's Wife confirmed the same, and farther deposed, that she washt for the Prisoner, who owed her Money for his Washing, and desired her to put his Clothes into her Drawer to keep them from the Dust, and as a Security for her Debt; and that he would have had her robb'd her Husband a great while before. 
               
                  James 
                  Mackwell 
               



             deposed, that he saw the Prisoner carry away the Goods. The Constable deposed that he found them bundled up, with the Prisoner's in his Lodgings in George Yard. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that the Prosecutor came home in an ill Humour, threw the Clothes about the Cellar, and said, if he did not take them away he would burn them; and bid him take his Wife along with them. But called none to prove it, nor any to his Reputation. The Jury considering the matter found him 


               Guilty to the value of 10d.
            



               Transportation
            .
