











                              Samuel 
                              Bonnet 
                           







                   and Mary
                   his Wife
               



            , of St. Brides




, were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Guinea
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Booth 
                  




                
            , on the 31st of August
 last. 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Booth 
               



             deposed, that on Wednesday the 29th of August, she sent her Trunk by a Porter with her Maid to Mr. Bonnets; that she went and lay there her self, and put 22 Guineas and a half and a Bank Bill of 50 l. into her Trunk when it was in his House, that he bid her let it stand in his Room for safety, that the Hasp of the Trunk was broke, and one of the Guineas and the Bank Note (which was tied up close in a Handkerchief) was taken out. The Prosecutor's Maid deposed, that she put the Money and the Bill into the Trunk, and that she told the Money twice over; that she went to the Trunk on Wednesday Night for some Nutmegs, that then the Handkerchief was  tied up close, and she lockt the Trunk again, that the next Morning (Thursday) her Mistress sent her for a Guinea, and when she came to the Trunk she found the Hasp broke off, the Handkerchief open, a Guinea and the Bill gone, and the Nutmegs tumbled out of the Paper they were in, to the bottom of the Trunk; upon which being surprised she told Mr. Bonnet, (who was then in Bed in the same Room) who bid her not tell her Mistress, he would rise and look for the Bill; but she told her Mistress. That afterwards he told her he let a Man lie down there on Thursday in the Afternoon, and he might take it; and that if her Mistress had come to him civilly he would have look'd for the Bill, but now she should not have it again. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and told a long story which turned rather to his Disadvantage than service, as how 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Booth 
               



             should come to him and tell him that her Husband Jackson was to be tried for the High-Way, and every thing would be seized; that she was acquainted with High-way Men and House Breakers, and he let her bring in a Load of Goods worth above 100 l. and a large Box of Plate, &c. and called 
               
                  Dorothy 
                  Groves 
               



             to discredit what had been swore against him, who deposed that she heard the Prosecutor's Maid say, that the Hasp of the Trunk was broke, and believed that her Mistress had got Drunk and lost the Bill: he also called a great many to his Reputation who gave him the Character of a very civil Neighbour, but could not tell how he lived. The Jury considering the whole matter, 

               Acquitted
             Mary; and found Samuel Bonnet 

               Guilty
            . 



               Transportation
            .
