








                     Michael 
                     Anderson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Luke 
                  Wall 
               



             , of the Parish of St. Clement Dane



, was indicted for 


               stealing a Cloth Coat, value 20 Shillings, a Silk Handkerchief, value 2 Shillings, and a shirt, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           James 
                        




                      
                  , out of the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        John 
                        Williams 
                     



, Jan 8
.
James James depos'd. That he Lodges at John williams's in Clement's Lane


, and that about 9 0' Clock on Sunday Morning last the Prisoner Anderson came there, to enquire after one Cuel a Cook Maid, that had lived formerly where he was Servant; that going up Stairs after Anderson was gone, he cried, Landlord, some Body has been at my Box, his Landlord told him no Body had been there but the Prisoner; and when he miss'd the Goods mentioned in the Indictment, he made it his Business to find out where the Prisoner lodged, which he accomplished by 7 O'Clock that Evening, but the Prisoner was not at home; but going again about 9 o'Clock he met with the Prisoner at home, charged a Constable with him, searched his Lodgings, and found his Coat under the Prisoner's Bed, and by the Prisoner's Direction found out Luke Wall the other Prisoner, who had his Shirt on his Back and his Handkerchief about his Neck.
The Constable depos'd. That he took the Prosecutor's Coat from under Anderson's Bed, that is, between the Sacking and the Bed.


                  John 
                  Williams 
               



             depos'd. That the Coat was found at Anderson's Lodgings, and that it was by his Direction they found Wall with the Prosecutor's Shirt on his Back, and his Handkerchief about his Neck: The Coat and Handkerchief were produced in Court, and the Jury found them both 

               guilty
             of Felony.





[Transportation. See summary.]


