







                     Ann 
                     Munford 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing an Apron, a Pair of Silk Stockings, and a Snuff Box
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Trewicks 
                  




                
            , Aug 5
.
John Trewicks thus deposed: 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Hill 
               



             (with whom I had a small Acquaintance) brought the Prisoner a Visiting to my House one Sunday Night. While she was there, we mist a Snuff Box off the Tea-Table; but thought it improper to take any Notice of it at that time. When the Company was gone. I and my Wife look'd for it diligently, but all to no purpose. She came again in a few days, and then we lost a Pair of Silk Stocking off the Back of a Chair. This gave us a strong Suspicion, and therefore we invited her to Supper another time, on purpose to detect her. She came, and we before-hand had hung an Apron, a Handkerchief, and a Turn-over, upon the Back of a Chair. The Apron was presently mist; we charged her with taking it: She deny'd it stiffly, and we were resolved to search her. Mr. Hill and I went out of the Room, and left her to my Wife and two more young Women; but first we desired the Prisoner and every one else to look narrowly all over the Parlour, to be satisfied that the Apron was not there; which every one did.
The Woman deposed, that the Prisoner stript herself to her Under-Petticoat; and then told them, that her Modesty would not let her go any farther to expose her Nakedness; but they not being satisfy'd with such a Pretence, she lifted up her Petticoat and Smock together. They still insisted upon having the Petticoat quite off. Then she unty'd it, and in stooping down they perceiv'd her to throw something white under the Table: They took it up, and found it to be the Apron.
The Prisoner in her Defence said, that it was all Spight; and that Trewicks told her he'd make it up, if she'd either give him 30 s. or stand stark naked for a Week together at the seven Dials. She called up several Witnesses to speak in her Behalf, and the Prosecutor produced others against her. The Sum of their Evidence on both sides was, That she was a Gentlewoman of very good Repute, was industrious and careful in the Maintenance of her Family; that she had often been entrusted with Goods and Money to a considerable Value, and always preserv'd her Credit without Blemish: But that she was one of the greatest Lyars in Life, an idle, lazy, cheating, pilfering, drunken Puss; that she had three Husbands; and had in general the worst Character that could be given to a Woman. 


               Guilty val. 10 d.
            



               Transportation
            .
