










                     Elizabeth 
                     Wade , alias 
Boucher




               
            , of St. Bartholomew's



; was indicted for 


               privately and feloniously stealing 9 Yards of Cambrick, value 3 l. 10 s.
             on the 3d Instant



, the Goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Wharton 
               



             ; and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Boucher 
                  



                
             was indicted as accessary for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stoln
            : She was a second Time indicted for 


               Stealing 15 pair of Womens Stockings
            , the Goods of 
               
                  Mr 
                  Theed 
               



             ; and John Boucher was indicted for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
To the first Indictment Mr. John Wharton depos'd, That the Prisoner came to his Shop and pretended to buy some Cambrick, but they not agreeing about the Price she went away; soon after which he mist the Goods, and finding this Elizabeth Wade, charg'd her, but though he searched her he could not find them upon her.


                  George 
                  Wardly 
               



             depos'd, That he saw the Prisoners drinking at his House, (at the Cock and Bottle Alehouse near the Cloysters, Smithfield) and he not liking their Looks, said to his Wife, How long have they been here? They are but just now come, said she, my Dear. Soon after this, (the Prisoners being gone ) this Deponent heard that his Neighbour, Mr. Wharton, had taken Elizabeth Wade on suspicion of robbing him, he went to see her searched, (but being modest, he turned his Face away, when they pulled her peticoats and Stays off; at which Time he told the Prosecutor, that there was a Man with her in his House, who had a Bundle tied up in a Handkerchief: Upon this Notice the Prosecutor searched, and found 
               
                  John 
                  Boucher 
               



             with the Goods upon him. Mr. Theed appeared to prove the Stockings to be his, which he knew by the Mark. Both Indictments being plainly proved upon them, they were found 

               guilty
            : John Boucher for receiving the Goods, 


               Transportation
            , and Elizabeth Wade, alias Boucher, 


               Death
            .
She pleaded her Belly, and a Jury of Matrons was impanell'd but they brought in their Verdict that the was not Quick with Child, as she pretended.
