







                     John 
                     Cauthrey 
                  



               
            , of St. Leonard in Shoreditch


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Perriwig value 3 l. 3s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Jackson 
                        



                      
                  , another Perriwig, value 30 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Stern 
                        



                      
                  , and another, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Glass 
                        



                      
                  , in the Shop of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Pancroft 
                     



, on the 24th of November
 last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner was his Journeyman
, had been with him but 3 Days, when he askt to let him go to the White-Horse-Inn at Cripplegate to speak with the Carrier, and desired him to let him have Six Pence; that he (the Prosecutor) askt him to stay and dine first; but he said he should be back in half an Hour; so went, but came no more; that he mist the Wigs out of the Boxes, and upon enquiring he heard an ill Character of him. That a Friend of his (the Prosecutor's) met him in the City last May-Day and brought him to him, when he owned he took the Wigs, and would have made a Debt of it. 
               
                  William 
                  Knight 
               



             deposed, that the Prisoner brought a Wig to his Master on the 24th of November last to sell; that he askt two Guineas for it, but would have taken 15 s. whereupon his Master stopt it, and sent this Evidence along with the Prisoner to enquire after his Character; that as they went along the Prisoner offer'd him 5 s. to give him a good Character; which he refusing, the Prisner ran away; that the Prosecutor came to their Shop and owned the Wig. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Davis 
               



             deposed, that the Prisoner confest he took 3 Wigs off the Prosecutor's Shelf, and would have made a Debt of it. Mr. Pencost junior confirmed the same. The Jury considering the matter, and judging it not to come within the Statute of Shop-lifting (he being the Prosecutor's Servant) found him 


               Guilty to the value of 4 s 10 d.
            



               Transportation
            .
