









                     Elizabeth 
                     Wayland 
                  



                
            , Spinster
, alias Wife
 of 
               
                  George 
                  Wayland 
               



            , 
               
                  
                     Susan 
                     Dyer 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Pool 
                  



                
            , Widow
, of St. Magnus the Martyr




, were indicted, for that they, 


               in Company with 
                     
                        George 
                        Wayland 
                     



                  , not yet taken, did break the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Body 
                        




                      
                  , in the Night time, and take from thence 40 Gold Rings, value 25 l. and other Goods, to near the value of 200 l.
             on the 28th of March
 last. John Body depos'd, his House on London Bridge


 was rob'd in the Night, by Persons who came off the Starlings, and broke open his Back window; whereupon he distributed Advertisements among the Goldsmiths. Mott Lane depos'd, that Dyer and Wayland offer'd to sell him two Gold Rings, and three old Crown Pieces, and told him that they had several pieces of Coral to dispose of; but he suspecting'em, sent word to Mr. Body. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Wild 
               



             depos'd, that Dyer brought three Rings to pawn to his Master, (Wilmots) one of which being a remarkable old Ring, Mr. Body swore to it in Court. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Conaway 
               



             depos'd, that Dyer and Pool gave her a Stone Ring and a Necklace to pawn at Mr. Jacobs's; and that Wayland, when in the Compter, gave her two old Crown Pieces to dispose of. The Necklace was afterwards found upon Pool, and sworn to by Mr. Body. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Creed 
               



             depos'd, that Wayland gave her a Ring to put off. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Tailworth 
               



             depos'd, that about 5 in the Morning, March 29. she met Wayland in Red-Lyon-street, South-Wark, with a great Bundle in her Apron, very wet and draggled, tho' it was then a fair Morning. She did not speak to her then, but afterwards Wayland and Pool came to her House to pawn a Ring: Pool took it out of her Bosom, and Wayland said it was her own Wedding Ring. She lent'em 16 s. and they shar'd the Money. Dyer and Pool in their Defence, said. they had the Goods from Wayland. Wayland in her Defence, said, she had the Rings from her Husband, and that her Mother, (Pool) and Sister (Dyer) the 2 other prisoners, were intirely innocent. The Jury 


               acquitted 'em of the Burglary, and found them all guilty of Felony only
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


