







                     Ann 
                     Rook 
                  



               
            , of Chiswick


, in the County of Middlesex, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Gold Snuff-Box, (in which was set a curious Blood Stone) to the Value of 15 l.
             on the 2d of this Instant
, the Property of 
               
Madam
 Lutridge


            .
The Prosecutor depos'd, That she missing the Box, order'd a strict Search to be made after it, and at length heard it was offer'd to be pawn'd to one Mr Granger, who stopt the Box and secur'd the Prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Granger 
               



             depos'd, That one 
               
                  Katharine 
                  Chainey 
               



             brought the Box to him and offer'd it to pawn, but he not believing it was her own, demanded to know how she came by it, and not satisfied with her Answer, told her, he would stop it till he found the right Owner. (This destroys the Notion of some People, that it is impossible for a Pawnbroker to be honest.)


                  Katharine 
                  Chainey 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner brought the Box to her, and said a young Gentlewoman had occasion for a Guinea and a Half to pay her Lodgings, and desired her to borrow the Money on that Snuff-Box, and this Deponent not suspecting the Prisoner to have stole it, went and offer'd it to Mr. Granger as aforesaid; and upon her coming back and telling how it was stopt, the Prisoner said at first she would sooner lose it than go for it; afterwards she rose in a Passion, and said she would fetch it with a Ceceraro; upon which she went to Mr. Granger's with this Deponent, and telling a Story contrary to what she had told before, this Deponent very honestly detected her. After Madam Lutridge came and owned the Box, the Prisoner confest the Fact, and begg'd she might not be sent to Newgate; upon her Trial, she said, she found the Box in the Coach-House: But it appearing by the Evidence of 
               
                  John 
                  Price 
               



             and others, that by the Orders of Madam Lutridge, they had searched the Coach house, the Prisoner (who was a Servant
 in the House) searching with them; this Excuse was look'd upon as frivolous. She called several to her Character, which the Court indulged so far, as to give them a Hearing: But the Fact appearing plain, the Jury found her 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. and 10 d
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


