







                     Michael 
                     Picket 
                  



               
            , of St. Mary Woolnoth


, was indicted for 


               feloniously, stealing 3 Sheets, 3 Shirts, 2 Shifts, 2 Holland Necks, 2 Suits of Headclothes, and other Goods, in all to the value of 48 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lathymm 
                  




                
            , on the 13th of January
 last. The Prosecutor deposed that as he was going down Lombard-Street


 between 8 and 9 a Clock the Night aforesaid with his Basket of Linnen, the Prisoner stood at a Bookseller's Shop-Door, as if he had been Master, and said It's no matter, here's one will go; that he call'd to him and ask'd him to go over to the Stationer's next Door to the Post-Office, and ask for Madam Saunders's Scarlet Ridinghood: that when he came there, a Man stood ready to receive his Message, and told him, if he would bring a Token he would deliver it (that he then carried his Goods with him) that he went back and told the Gentleman (Prisoner) who sent him, who went so far as the Oyl Shop with him, then pull'd out his Watch and gave him for a Token, bidding him set down his Goods in that Shop and he would look after them till he came back; that he did so, and went again to the Stationer's Shop,
but when he came there the Man who sent him for the Token was gone; and enquiring of the Man in the Shop for Madam Saunders's Ridinghood he told him he knew no such Person; whereupon he went back to look for him that sent him and for his Goods; but to his Great Grief and surprise, could find neither; for he had taken care to go off with all his Linnen, which was to the value of 3 l. that the Watch he sent by him for a Token (which he produced in Court) was a Pewter Watch, such as are commonly sold for 6 d. a piece; and that he was to have 3 d. for his going of the Errand. That he knew the Prisoner very well by sight having seen him a great many times at the Black Raven, in Fetter Lane. That he acquainted his Master with his Loss the next Day, telling him that the Person who had served him so used the Raven, whereupon his Master advised him to be very sure before he charged any body, for fear  should ruine an innocent Man; that pursuant to him Ac he went to the Raven several times before he saw him there (though they both used the House) that he set with him there, and had a full view of him so m Hour; that being fully, satisfied  was the same Person, he enquired after his Character of the Man of the House; who told him, that he eat and drank well, paid very honestly, and liv'd after the rate of 200 l. per Annum. that when he took him up, his Wife begg'd to make it up. Mrs. Taylor who keeps the Oylshop, and 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Knight 
               



             at the Stationers Shop, (both in Lombard-street,) his Master, and Mr. Brewer who keeps the Black Raven, corroborated his Evidence in what respectively related to them, and the Constable, confirmed his Wife's begging to make up the matter. The Prisoner in his Defence denied that he was the Person, or knew any thing of it and called several to his Reputation, who deposed that they knew no ill of him; that he was a Staymaker and Coatmaker, a very good Workman, and when he had business he minded it; that his Wife was a very industrious Woman, made Headclothes for the Shops, and got 15 or 20 s. a Week; and that sometimes he assisted her. The Jury considering the whole matter, found him 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
