







                     Deborah 
                     Spires 
                  



               
            , of St. Gile's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               privately and feloniously stealing one Gold Ring, value 15 s. 2 Moidores, 7 Guineas, 3 Half Guineas, 3 Crown Pieces, and some wearing Apparel
            , on the 5th of March
; the Property of 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     Turner 
                  




                
            , who depos'd, that going to Church on the 5th of March, she left the Prisoner at home to look after her House, and that coming home, she found the Door lock'd, and the Key thrust under it, that she was forced to get in at the Window, and finding herself robb'd, she went to the Prisoner's Mother, who told her she believ'd her Girl was guilty, for she had been there with a great deal of Money, and told them a Gentleman gave it her for a Night's Lodging; she had given her little Brother 2 Silver Two-pences, which were remarkable, and which the Prosecutor knew to be her own.


                  Anne 
                  Cowen 
               



             depos'd. That the Prisoner came to her Mistress's House at Greenwich, with two young Men, and that there she had spent considerably, and left a Ring in Pawn, which Ring was produc'd in Court, and own'd by the Prosecutor.


                  Benjamin 
                  Taylor 
               



             depos'd. That on the 5th of March the Prisoner came to him and told him, if he would go with her she would treat him, and that accordingly he and another went with her to Greenwich, where they lived very merrily. She had several to appear for her former Character; but all concluding, that since her being married to a bad Husband, she had been but, &c. Committing several mad Disorders, and coming home in a Coach stark naked. The Jury brought her in 


               Guilty, 4s. 10d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


