







                     Mary 
                     Matthews 
                  



               
            , (a Girl
 of White Chappel


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cordingly 
                        




                      
                  , and taking from thence 8 Pewter Plates, value 8 s. 2 Porridge Pots, value 8 s. a Tea Kettle, value 3 s. 2 Sauce-pans, value 5 s. 4 Shirts, a Gown, and other things, the Goods of the said John Cordingly, on the 19th of December
 last about 12 at Night
            .
John Cordingly thus deposed. I live in Lemon-Street Goodmans-fields


, our Kitchin is below Stairs, the Windows next the Street, and Pallisades before 'em. To the Window there is a Wooden Flap that when it is let down lies aslope over the little Airey to keep out the Weather. The Doors and Windows were all made fast when we went to Bed, and about One in the Morning, we were call'd up, and found the House broke open. The Kitchen Window was broke and the Casement taken off and laid in the Kitchin, and several Goods gone, some of which were taken with the Prisoner, some were found in an Ally opposite our House, and some in Sir 
               
                  Tho 
                  Master 
               



            's Gardens.


                  Tho 
                  Edgehill 
               



             a Watch-man thus depos'd. Hearing somebody cry Watch and Thieves about one a Clock, I ran up, and found 2 Men pulling the Prisoner over the Pallisades, and heard her say, D - n ye what do ye mean, will ye tear my cloths to pieces? And afterwards searching behind the Pallisades, we found 8 Pewter Plates lying in the Window, without side the House.


                  John 
                  Old 
               



             thus depos'd. There being a Noise of Thieves, I went up and saw the Prisoner half in and half out of the Kitchen. I asked her what she did there, and she said she got in to sleep. She got up, and some Plates were found under her. I rais'd the House and call'd the Watch.


                  Caryl 
                  Cocker 
               



             thus depos'd. As I was going along Lemon-Street; I perceiv'd 3 or 4 Persons standing together and whispering, upon which I stood still to listen, and presently one of them cry'd, D - n it yonder stands a Man, he'll betray us, and so they went off; but I watcht them, and by and by I heard the Noise of Goods as they were carrying off; at which Time Mr. Old coming along, I call'd to him, and we went together over the Way, and lifted the Prisoner out of the Window, and under her we found 8 Plates and a Pot-lid. When she was in the Watch-House, I ask'd her why she got over the Pallisades and into the Window. She said that a Man would have been rude with her, and she got over for fear of being ravish'd. The Jury found her 


               Guilty of Felony, to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


