










                     Francis 
                     Kates , alias 
Skates




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 240 pair of Buckles, 144 Ink Pots, 72 Dozen Buttons, 12 Snuff-Boxes, 120 Cork Screws, 540 Forks, 360 Knives, 6 Cases of Instruments, 168 Pair of Spurs, and other Things
            , the Goods of Person unknown.


                  Disney 
                  Todd 
               



              (a Woman) was indicted for 


               harbouring, comforting, and maintaining the said Skates, after she knew he committed the said Felony
            , and likewise for 


               receiving part of the said Goods knowing them to be stoln
            . and,


                  Henry 
                  Vie , alias 
Levy




            , was indicted for 


               receiving the said Goods, knowing them to be stoln
            .
The Witnesses thus depos'd. Skates and 
               
                  James 
                  Jarrat 
               



             about 7 at Night, stole the Goods out of the Cart in Holbourn





, and carried 'em to Disney Todd's Room in Chick-lane





, she entertained them, and carry'd 4 Dozen of the Knives to Mrs. Farmers in Chick-lane, where she sold 'em for 4 Shillings, and there she met with Frank le Vie, (the other Prisoner) who told her he'd buy all that she had. She told Skates and Jarrat of it, and they by Appointment met him late at Night, at the Sheep Pens in Smithfield





. They brought with them their Laps full of hard Ware paper'd up, he weighted 'em in his Hand, and demanded their Price for the Lump, which was about 12 l. value, they asked 10 s. 6 d. he bid 'em 6 s, but at last consented to give 'em 9 s. 6 d. and a Pot of Beer, upon Condition that as it was a hard Bargain, they should bring him ano ther odd Parcel, to which they agreed, he paid the Money, and they being Men of Honour and scorning to be worse than their Word, stept Home and brought him, 21 Dozen of Knives to make him amends. As for the rest of the Goods, they were stoln from 'em by Mother Todd. The Jury found 'em all 

               Guilty
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


