







                     Francis 
                     Dobson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 3 Sattin Gowns and Petticoats, value 7 l. sixteen Sarsenet Hoods, value 26 s. a Cloth Coat, a Callimanco Petticoat and other Things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Edw.
                      Hains
                  




               
            , on the 30th of April
.
The Witnesses thus depos'd. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hains 
               



             lives at Rochester, and takes in Goods to dye, which she gets done at London. In April last, she sent a Hamper of Goods for that purpose, under the Care of her Father 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Raymond 
               



            , and he being to go from Graves-End in the Tilt-boat, she provided as much Beef as she thought sufficient for the Voyage, and tying it up in a Pudding Bag, packt it securely in the Hamper. It was about one of the Clock in the Morning when Mr. Raymond came to Billings-Gate. He had scarce landed when he was ply'd by a Waterman, (but he cannot swear that it was the Prisoner) with whom he agreed to go to Kings-Bridge, Westminster


. He observed the Number of the Boat, took his Hamper in and away they row'd, and quickly came to Kings-Bridge. Mr. Raymond stept on Shore, and the Waterman went abast, and said he'd bring the Hamper out, but instead of that he row'd away. By the Number of the Boat Mr. Raymond found out the Owner of it, tho' to but little Purpose; for says the Owner, My Boat was stole the same Night that you lost your Hamper, and I suppose by the same Rogue too. About 2 a Clock, on the same Morning that the Hamper was lost, the Prisoner came to the House of Mr. Clark, in Ashen-Tree-Court, in White-Fryers; where he was let in by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Spur 
               



            , who was then Nurse in that House. He brought a Hamper with him, which he open'd; and Mrs. Spur saw it was packt with Silk and other Goods prepared for Dying, which made her suspect that they were stoln. The Prisoner took them away again the same Morning, but however she desir'd her Landlord to enquire among the Callenders and Dyers, if no such Goods were lost, which he did, and heard of Mr. Raymond's Misfortune, at Mr. Crew's in Black-Fryers; who (as it happen'd) was the Prosecutors Callender. The Prisoner was traced out and apprehended, and the Goods found at the Baptist's-Head, in White-Cross-Street, where he had pawn'd them.
The Bag was produced in Court, and sworn, by Mrs. Spur to be the same the Prisoner brought to Mrs. Clark's House; and Mrs. Hains swore it was the same in which she wrapt up her Father's Beef at Graves-End.
The Prisoner in his Defence own'd that he had such a Hamper of Goods, but said he came honestly by them, for he accidentally met a Stranger that gave them to him. But the Jury not being willing to take his bare Word for it, they found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


