







                     Richard 
                     Browne 
                  



               
             of St. Andrew in Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Hat value 5 s. a Perriwing value 3 s. a Linnen Handkerchief value 2 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ford 
                  




                
            , on the 19th of June
 last. Mrs. Ford deposed, that being above Stairs with her Landlady's Daughter (who then lay-in) her Husband brought her up the Key of their Chamber and went out: that when she came down she found the Door open, the Boxes on the Bed, but the Hat and Wig gone: whereupon the cry'd out Stop Thief, and the Prisoner was taken and that the Hat and Wig found near the Prisoner were her Husband's. The Prosecutor also swore to the Hat and Wig. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Jackson 
               



             deposed, that she hearing Mrs. Ford cry Stop Thief as she was washing her Master's Door in Plumb-Tree-Court, turn'd about and saw the Prisoner run with the Hat and Wig in his Hand, whereupon she threw her Pattens into the House and ran after him into the Swan-Inn Tap-House at Holbourn-Bridge, where he threw them under the Table. Mr. Gardener deposed that he hearing the cry of Stop Thief, and seeing the Prisoner run down the Swan-Inn and a Baker after him, he followed; but not knowing which might be the Thief he seized the Baker first, and drag'd him to the Tap House, where he saw the Prisoner creeping under the Table, and that the Hat and Wig was found on the Ground. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and said the Hat was his own, which he brought from Bristol, and that his Name was Writ in a Paper which was the inside the Lining. There was indeed a very small piece of Paper rolled up very close found in the Hat; but it appearing that the Prosecutor refused to deliver the Hat to be kept by the Constable till his Tryal, according to my Lord's order when before him, (saying that he could not tell whether he should prosecute him or no) that Circumstance did not avail him: he also called some to invalidate Jackson's Evidence, urging that she did it for the sake of the 30 l. reward for convicting him: but the Court assur'd him there was no reward at all provided for it. The Evidence being very positive, and he appearing to be an old offender, the Jury found him 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
