







                     Elizabeth 
                     Travers 
                  



               
            , of the Parish of St. Paul's Shadwell


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Pistole, value 16 Shillings
            , the Money of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Martin 
                  




                
            , Sen. Decemb. 20
.
William Martin, Sen. thus depos'd. The Prisoner used to Wash one Day in a Week at my House, and to Iron another Day, so she was with me two Days in a Week constantly; I am a Victualler
, and on the Tuesday before Christmas Day I started some Beer, and going to over-haul my Books, I found my Money short for Payment of my Brewer, and that it did not answer the Draught I made of Liquor; which made me suspect some Body had Recourse to my Money besides myself. The Prisoner came to help Wash as usual, and immediately, was for going up Stairs; whereupon my Wife bid her keep to the Washing-Tub: In a little Time the Prisoner attempts to go up Stairs again, and my Wife desired to know what Business she had up Stairs? She said, to see for some foul Linen; my Wife told her the Maid could fetch that down, and bid her keep to washing: But the Prisoner's making such Excuses to go up Stairs, made my Wife suspect that she must be the Person that came at my Money, upon that I goes up Stairs, unlocks my Draw where I kept my Money, and counts it over very carefully, and put Twenty three Guineas in one Bag, and laid that at the Bottom of the Drawer, and put the Moidores, some half Broads and a new French Pistole in another Bag, and lays that near the Top of the Drawer, then came down, and my Wife sends the Prisoner up Stairs with a Petticoat that was below; the Prisoner carried it up and comes down again presently, upon which I goes up Stairs again, and found my Drawer lockt as usual, I unlockt it, and took out the Bag which had the odd Gold in it, and mist the new Pistole, then I took the other Bag and told over the Guineas, which I found exactly right: I acquainted my Wife and my Son how it was, and then order'd the Prisoner to go up Stairs and brush her young Master's Cloths; my Son taxed her with the Theft, the Prisoner denied it, and offered to be search'd, but first put her Hand in her Pocket and took out the Pistole, and endeavoured to conceal it in her Hand, but my Son perceiving it, he took hold of her Hand, her little Finger being closed, and found the Pistole under it; then the Prisoner said she found it in the Room, but I being in a Passion, told her she was a lying B - h, and that she took it out of my Drawer.
Mr. Martin, Jun, depos'd, That his Father told him he was robb'd, and sent the Prisoner up to brush his Cloths, as she frequently did before he went out, but when the Prisoner came up Stairs and saw him in his Gown, she desired to know what he wanted; whereupon he taxed her with robbing his Father, the Prisoner denied it, and offer'd to be searched, but at the same Time trembled, and was in great Confusion, and that upon searching her he found the Pistole upon her, as set forth in the former Deposition: The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


