








                  David 
                  Davis 
               



             , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Charnock 
                  



                
            , of St. Bennet's Paul's Wharf



, were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 40 Pound of Sugar, value 20 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  Henry and 
                     

                              William 
                              Butler 
                           











            , the 30th of September
 last. It appear'd by the Evidence, That James Charnock was Servant
 to Mr. Butler, and had been so far about four Years, and David Davis had been also a Servant
 in that Sugar house several Years, but had been discharg'd in April last. That David Davis had been let in two Mornings, at about three o-Clock in the Morning; and that on the 30th of September, Mr. Mawson, the Clerk, having had Information he had been let into the Sugar house at that unreasonable Time, he ordered the next Time he came, that they would acquaint him with it: And that on Monday Morning about four a Clock, Davis came, and brought Brandy to treat the Servants, and the Clerk being call'd up, saw Charnock with a Candle in his Hand, and Davis with a Sack, and 2 Lumps of Sugar, weighing 40 Pound. That he shut the Door, and Charnock put out the Candle, but he called for a Light, and Davis put down the Sack with the Sugar; and it was warm, just taken out of the Stove, and that Charnock had lighted him down five Pair of Stairs. David Davis pleaded, He had been drinking with the Men that Morning, and when he was going away, he kick'd his Foot against a Sack in the Scale in the Warehouse, and taking hold of it, to lift it out of his Way, immediately Mr. Mawson started out, and cry'd out Thieves; but he knew not what was in the Sack, nor did he go to carry it away. 
               
                  James 
                  Charnock 
               



             deny'd the Fact, said he was going down to wash his Stockings, and Mr.Mawson push'd upon him on a sudden, and so brush'd the Candle out of his Hand; but he knew nothing of Davis's having any Sugar. Nor had he ever given away an Ounce of Mr. Butler's Sugar. The Jury found them both 

               guilty
             of the Indictment. 



               Transportation
            .
