







                     Elizabeth 
                     Wells 
                  



               
            , of St. Olave Silver-street


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Velvet Scarfe, a Silk Hood, a Suit of Headclothes, a pair of Stays, a Sattin Mantle, &c. in all to the value of 7 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Brindley 
                        




                      
                  , in the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Johnson 
                     



, on the the 28th of November
 last. The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner came to her Lodgings the Day aforesaid just as she was going out, and askt her if she did not know one Mrs. Morris; that she answered, Yes; that the Prisoner said Mrs. Morris had recommended her (the Prosecutor) to her self (the Prisoner) for a Midwife; that she askt her to drink a Dish of Coffee, but the Prisoner not liking that Liquor, she sent for a pint of Drink for her; that after a little talk, the Prisoner went away, and she went out about her business; that presently after the Prisoner came back again, and called her (the Prosecutor's) Grand Daughter by her Name, saying, Betty open the Door, which she did; and the Prisoner went in and sent Betty to the Black Bull in Wood-street, to enquire for Mrs. Sarah the Bar-keeper, and while she was gone of the Errand robb'd her Lodgings of the Goods mentioned in the Indictment. That afterwards going out and taking her Grand-Daughter along with her, she (her Grand-Daughter) saw the Prisoner in the Street, ran to her, took her by the Arm and secured her till they got a Constable; that when she was in the Watch-house, she perceived the Prisoner to have the Suit of Headclothes on mentioned in the Indictment. The Prosecutor's Grand-Daughter confirmed the same, and farther deposed, that she was sure that the Prisoner was the same Person that came to their Lodgings, and sent her of the Errand. Mrs. Morris deposed that the Prisoner came to her House and ask'd for the Baker (this Evidence's Husband); and said that her Husband was Lighterman, and Church-Warden of the Parish, that he was her (this Evidence's) Husband's Countryman, and would take Bread of him; that after some Discourse the Prisoner askt her who was her Midwife, saying that she was with Child of her 14th Child, and her old Midwife was Dead; whereupon she told her, Mrs. Brindley (the Prosecutor) was her Midwife
, and directed her where she liv'd. The Prisoner denied the Fact, but called none to her Reputation. The Jury considering the matter, found her 


               Guilty to the value of 39 s.
            



               Transportation
            .
