







                     William 
                     Lovegrove 
                  



               
            , of St. James's Westminister


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing out of the House of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Huddle 
                        




                      
                  , 10 Guineas and a half, and 17 s. in Silver
            , on the 29th of March
 last. Mrs. Huddle deposed, that having often mist Money out of her Drawer, she one Night put just 8 Guineas and some Silver into the Drawer, and lockt it: next Morning she found it open and 4 Guineas wanting, with which taxing the prisoner, he confest, that in the Morning he us'd to send his fellow Prentice into the back Yard, and then with a Knife and an old Key, (produced in Court,) he open'd the Drawer and took out the Money: but once his fellow Prentice came back unexpectedly, and saw him in the Fact, upon which he gave him half a Guinea to conceal it, and at another time gave him 11 s. more. Mr. Kilmane deposed, that the prisoner confest to him, that he had taken at several times 4 Guineas, 3 Guineas, 1 Guinea and half, 2 Guineas, and 17 s. in Silver, most of which he lost at the Gaming Table; these particulars this Evidence wrote down, and the prisoner signed it. The prisoner in his defence said it was a common thing with his Mistress to tax her Servants with Theft, and that both she and his Master had said, that they only Apprehended him on suspicion, and could not charge him with any thing. The Prosecutors Maid deposed, that when her Master came home from the prisoner, (who was then in Custody,) he told her that the prisoner confest, that he had given her the Money to be marry'd with. The prisoners Father deposed, that both Mr. Huddle and his Wife had told, that they could not accuse his Son with taking a Farthing, for that no body but Mr. Kilmane could lay any thing to his Charge. The Jury found him 


               Guilty to the value of 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


