







                     Thomas 
                     Vincint 
                  



               
            , Sen. of Hammersmith


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 2 Cocks and 12 Hens
            , on the 27th of April
 last, the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Windham 
                  




                
            , Esq
;


                  William 
                  Ellard 
               



             depos'd, That he was drinking at the Prisoner's Son's House at the King's-Head at Hammersmith


, when the Prisoner being in Company, intie'd him and his Brother out of the House, and then said, he would be the Death of them if they would not go with him to the Lady Windham's, D - n their Bodies he would kill them: upon which this Deponent said, the Prisoner, himself and his Brother, went to the Lady Windham's, where the Prisoner hoisted his Brother over the Wall, and his Brother flung over 3 Fowls, but the Prisoner not being satisfied with them, got upon the Wall, and taking up a Brick, said, D - n his Body he would kill him if he did not fling them all over; that his Brother then flung over about 10 or 11 more, and the Prisoner pulling off his Coat, wrapp'd them all up in it, and carried them to his Son's House, where he, this Deponent and his Brother, were at the eating of some of them.


                  Edward 
                  Ellard 
               



             depos'd, that he was likewise drinking with his Brother and the Prisoner at his Son's House, and he persuaded them out of Doors, and then threatned to kill them if they would not go with him to the Lady Windham's, that they then went, and the Prisoner flung him over the Wall, which so hurt him that he could not speak for a Quarter of an Hour, that then recovering, said, What did you put me over for? To which the Prisoner answered, for Fowls, that he flung over three, and then the Prisoner said, D - n his Body, he would kill him if he did not fling over all, at the same Time standing upon the Wall and holding a Brick in his Hand, till he had flung over all the Fowls.
The Prisoner said in his Defence, that it was all false which they had accused him of and the Witnesses against him were a couple of Villains and he was a very honest industrieas Man, and had brought up a great Family without any Charge to the Parish.


                  Joseph 
                  Long 
               



             depos'd, That he never knew any harm by the Prisoner, for he never did him any Wrong, but being ask'd if ever he heard any good of him, he said, Indeed he never heard a great deal of good of him, nor a great deal of harm; after this Chip in Pottage, Mr. Savoury depos'd, That he never did him any harm neither, nor did he ever hear any Thing of him very extraordinary.


                  William 
                  Webster 
               



            , a Fisherman, likewise appeared for his good Character, but the most he could say for him was, That he never stole any of his Fish. Several others were called in his Behalf, and were indulg'd to say what they could for him, but when their Depositions were all put together, he appeared to be a Person of a disorderly Life and Conversation; and to make him appear in a true Light, a Magistrate of Hammersmith depos'd, That for these 8 Years last past, there has been 30 or 40 Complaints against him, that he keeps a Nursery to breed up lewd young Fellows to rob Hen-roosts, at which he has been a dextrous proficient; the Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. and 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


