








                     Richard 
                     Evans 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Pool 
                  



                
             of St. Paul's Covent Garden



, were indicted, the former for 


               privately stealing a Camblet Riding-Hood and 14 Yards of Persian Silk, in all to the value of 30s. out of the Shop of 
                     
                        Samuel and 
                           
                              Richard 
                              Dickens 
                           







, on the 11th of this Instant January

; and Elizabeth Pool for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stole
            . 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Dickens 
               



 deposed, that Evans came to him on liking in order to be an Apprentice; but he finding him not fit for his service, discharged him; and the next Day a Pawnbroker came to him and had him to Pool, who was come to pawn the Goods to him; that she confest she had them of Evans, and Evans that he took them out of their Shop. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Dickens 
               



             deposed that the Goods were theirs, and taken out of their Shop. The Pawnbroker deposed he had them from Pool, who told him a Woman gave her the Silk to line a Gown, saying, there were 9 Yards, which he measuring and finding near 14, stopt her and gave notice as before. Their Confession (which was very full) was read in Court. Evans in his Defence said, that he did not know the Woman, nor take the Goods, and that he did not know what he said before the Justice, and call'd some to his Reputation, as also did Pool. But the Facts being fully proved upon them, the Jury found them both Guilty

; Evans of privately stealing, &c. 


               Death
            : and Pool as Accessary, 


               Transportation
            .
