










                  Margaret 
                  Roberts 
               



              and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Alexander 
               



             , of S. Giles's in the Fields



, was indicted for 


               stealing in the House of 
                     
                        Rob 
                        Gaston 
                     



                  , a Gown value 12 s. a Pair of Stays 15 s. six Smocks value 30 s. and 12 Suits of Head-Cloaths value 50 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Blakeway 
                        



, on the 22d of October

 last. It appeared that the Goods were taken out of the Prosecutor's Box which she had left in her Room unlock'd. The Prisoners were taken up the same Night, and sent to the Round-house upon Suspicion of another Robbery; which the Prosecutor hearing, went thither, and found them awkwardly rigg'd in her Cloaths. Roberts in her Defence said, that Alexander put her into the Room, and fill'd her Apron with the Cloaths: But Alexander deny'd it, and said she met Roberts in Short's-Gardens with the Cloaths in her Apron, and they went together to a Gin-Shop in Vinegar-Yard, where she drest Roberts in some of the Cloaths, and left the rest in Pawn for the Reckoning. The Jury found Roberts 


               guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            



               Transportation
            . And 

               acquitted
             Alexander.
Margaret Roberts and Sarah Alexander, were a second time indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Jones 
                        



                      
                   on the 23rd of October

 last, about the Hour of 3 in the Morning, and taking from thence a Gown val. 5s. a Pair of Shoos 2 s. 6 d. a Pair of Stockings 2 s. 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        Eliz 
                        Ellison 
                     



                   ; and a Suit of Head-Cloaths value 2 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Gilbert 
                        



. Eliz. Ellison depos'd, that she lives at Mrs. Jones's in Holesford-Alley in Drury-Lane



, and that as she lay a-bed in a Moon-light Night, between 2 and 3 o'Clock, 
               
                  Peg 
                  Roberts 
               



             came into her Chamber, and took the Cloaths off the Bed; which awakening her, she started up and cry'd, Who's there? Peg answer'd, Tis I. I! Who are you, and what do you want? - Why, my Mistress sent me to see if the Candle was safe. - Your Mistress! Who is your Mistress? - Go look, says Peg; and snatching a Suit of Head-Cloaths off the Table, ran down Stairs. She (this Evidence) then jumpt out of Bed quite naked, and so ran down after her into the Street, and call'd the Watch. The Prisoners got off for the present, but were taken up on Suspicion the same Night, and put into the Round-house, where Roberts confesed, that Alexander put her down the Cellar-Window. But when she came to make her Defence at the Bar, she said that Ellison was a common whore, and gave her the Gown to live with her, and follow the same Trade, in Coleston's-court (and not Holesford's Alley) in Drury Lane: But she refusing to comply, the other prosecuted her. The Jury 

               acquitted
             them.
