








                  Joseph
                   Jenkins,



             of St. Ann's Westminister


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing 2 Lookinglasses with Walnut-tree-Frames
            , on the 12th of August

 last, the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pardoe 
                  



                
            . He was a second Time indicted for 


               stealing 2 Lookinglasses with Walnut-tree Frames, value 20 Shillings
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Lee 
                  



                
            .


                  John 
                  Pardoe 
               



             depos'd, That when he miss'd the Goods out of his Shop in Gerrard-Street



, he sent his Son to Drury-Lane, and that he saw one of the Glasses in the House of Mr.Simpson, who said he bought it of a Person who had another Glass, which he carried to another Place.
Mr. Simpson depos'd, That he bought one of the Glasses (which was produced in Court) of the Prisoner; and that upon the Information of the Prosecutor's son he stopp'd the Prisoner the next Time he saw him.
Mr. Wiggons depos'd, That he bought one Looking-Glass of the Prisoner, which was likewise produced in Court, and owned by the Prosecutor.
To the second Indictment Mr. Lee depos'd, That two Looking-Glasses was taken out of his Shop on the 11th of August last, without his Knowledge and Consent.
And 
               
                  John 
                  Chamberlain 
               



             depos'd, That he bought 2 Looking-Glasses of the Prisoner, which being produced in Court appeared to be the Goods of the Prosecutor. He was a third Time indicted for stealing a Looking-Glass, the Property of 
               
                  William 
                  Goodyson 
               



            ; which Glass 
               
                  Jonas 
                  Gray 
               



             depos'd, was brought to him by the Prosecutor and offer'd to Sale. All the three Facts appearing plain, the Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 4s. and 10 d. each Indictment
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


