







                     Thomas 
                     Soams 
                  



               
            , of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing out of the House of the Right Hon. the 
                     
Lord

 Newbury


                  , (now 
                     
Earl

 of Cholmondley


                  ) a wooden Buroe, value 3 l. 5 Silver Spoons, and 2 Silver handle Knives
            , on the 8th of December, 1722
.


                  William 
                  Wemersley 
               



            , Esq; depos'd, That finding his Lordship's Goods missing, he shut up all the Doors, and commanded all the Servants to appear, in order to detect the Villany, but Soams not being to be found, he had great Reason to believe that he was the Person who took the Goods aforesaid; after this a Woman came and enquir'd for Soams, which Woman his Lordship's Servants seized, and she telling them where Soams had taken a Lodging, they immediately went thither, and searching the House, found the Budore, the Locks broke open, and the Things which was therein taken out; a particular Inventory could not be taken of the Goods lost, but it appear'd there were Jewels, Rings, and other Things of great Value.


                  Christopher 
                  Coats 
               



             depos'd, That he was present when the Woman came and enquir'd for the Prisoner, and that he went with the other Servants of my Lord, to a Chandler's Shop in Berwick-street, where they found the Budore; he likewise confirmed the other Particulars, which was deposed by Mr. Wamersley.


                  Ann 
                  Hunt 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner had lodg'd in her House 3 Quarters of a Year, and during that Time behaved himself very orderly.


                  Jane 
                  Deakons 
               



             depos'd, That she was in the House with Mrs. Hunt when the Prisoner brought in the Budore, and when the Gentlemen came and fetch'd it away. Several other Evidences appear'd against the Prisoner, who depos'd, That since the Time of his being a Servant
 to my Lord Cholmondley, he had kept a Barber's Shop
, and removing from one Place to another he had gone by several Names: Upon the whole, the Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


