










                  James 
                  Steward 
               



            , of St. Olave Hart-Street



, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Pair of Breeches, value 15 s. and other Goods, in the Dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas 
                           French 
                        



, the 12th of November last

. The Prosecutor depos'd, The Prisoner lodg'd in his House, that he went away, and the Breeches were missing. Mr. Turmer depos'd, That he being a Messenger, was ordered to take the Prisoner up, and he saw the Breches in his Lodging, hid in a Private Place, and he had seen him wear them. The Prisoner pleaded, The Prosecutor lent him these Breeches, but he deny'd it. The Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            




               Transportation
            .
He was indicted a second Time, by the Name of 
               
                  James 
                  Steward , alias 
Richard Henley




            , of the Parish of Black Fryers



, for 


               feloniously stealing a Peruke, value 20 s. the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Wood 
                        



                      
                  , in the Shop of Mr. Elmhurst 
            , the 13th of June

 last. It appear'd by the Evidence, that the Prisoner was recommended to the Prosecutor as a Customer, he being a Barber
, That the Prisoner came to the Prosecutor's Shop, and he not being at home, borrow'd a Wig, to go before the Commissioners of the Customs, and while the Barber's Wife went out to get the Wig ty'd up for him, another Wig was missing, and no Body had been in the Shop, but him and his Friend. The Prisoner own'd the borrowing of the Wig, but as to the Wig, which was stolen, he deny'd he knew any Thing of it. The Jury not thinking the Evidence sufficient to charge the Prisoners as to this, 

               acquitted
             him.
