








                     Mary 
                     Gold 
                  



               
            , of London, Spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 24 Yards of Taffaty Ribband
            ; the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Towers 
                  



                
            , of the Parish of St. Buttolph without Aldgate


, Decemb. the 10th

.
John Towers depos'd. That the Prisoner came into his Shop, and his Son shew'd her some Ribbands, but before she went away he miss'd a Piece of Cherry colour'd Ribband, and taxed the Prisoner with it, and that they found several Pieces of Ribband upon her


                  John 
                  Towers 
               



             Jun. depos'd. That the Prisoner came into their Shop and wanted to see some Ribband; and that after she had fix'd upon a Colour, she conveyed the Piece of Cherry colour'd Ribband away, which he immediately missed, having but one Piece of that Colour in the Box: Whereupon he taxed the Prisoner with it, and took her into another Room, and desired his Mother, Mrs. Towers, to search her.
Mrs. Towers depos'd. That upon searching the Prisoner she found the Piece of Cherry colour'd Ribband under the Prisoner's Stays; and likewise another Piece of a Blue green band, which her Son knew to be theirs, he having cut a Yard off but the Night before by Candle-light for blue Ribband, which being return'd, he put it upon the same Block. The two Pieces of Ribband were produced in Court.
She was a second Time indicted for 


               stealing 2 Pair of Women's Leather Shoes, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hyram 
                  



                
            .


                  John 
                  Towers 
               



             Sen. depos'd. That the Prisoner having 2 Pair of Women's new Shoes, he believed they might be stole likewise; whereupon he sent a Shoe of each Pair to one of his Neighbour's (a Shoemaker) to know if he had lost such Goods, his Neighbour said they was not his, but he believed them to be Mr. Hyram's in Dukes-Place



: The Shoes were sent to Mr. Hyram's, who depos'd that they were his Goods.


                  Thomas 
                  Watts 
               



            , Mr. Hyram's Man depos'd. That the Prisoner came to their Shop and wanted a Pair of Shoes, and upon trying several Pairs, she said one of them was too long, another Pair was too short; at last he found a Pair that fitted her exactly, but then the Prisoner disliked the Heels; and whilst he was looking for another Pair, the Prisoner conveyed the two Pair of Shoes away mentioned in the Indictment, and that he mist the Shoes as soon as the Prisoner was gone; he was positive that the Prisoner on whom the Shoes were found upon at Mr. Towers's, was the Person that was so difficult to please at their Shop. The Prisoner confess'd she took the Ribband, but denied the Shoes. The Jury found her 

               guilty
             of both Indictments.




[Transportation. See summary.]


