









                     John 
                     Vaughan 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Quin 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Dun 
                  



                
            , of Stepney




, were indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Norman 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing from thence 75 Yards of strip'd Cotton, val. 8 l. 6 s. 8 d. 220 Yards of Cotton Check, value 14 l. 13 s. 17 Yards of Holland, value 35 s. and 10 Caps value 5 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Norman 
                     



                  , on the 18th of December
, in the Night time
            .


                  Anne 
                  Norman 
               



             depos'd, that about 8 at Night, Dun and Quin came into her Shop at Limehouse


, and bought a Pack of Cards. They gave her a Guinea to change, and observing the Woman to look very much about the Shop, and now and then to laugh upon the Man, She suspected the Guinea was not good, and was unwilling to change it; but Dun tore the Cover off the Cards, which made them untie for Sale, if she had taken them again. So that at last she gave the Change to Dun, who told it over several times. She lighted them out, and shut fast the Hatch and the Door after them, and went backwards; but soon after, some body knock'd at the Door; and when she opened it, she saw 2 of her Neighbours with Vaughan, the Prisoner, and a Parcel of her Goods which had just been taken out of her Shop. 
               
                  Jo 
                  Norton 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Hall 
               



             depos'd, that going to drink at a Friend's House, they saw 2 Men and a Girl whispering together at the End of an Alley, opposite to Norman's Shop. Says Hall, I don't like the Looks of those Fellows; I believe they are Bailiffs. Prithee, John, step over and observe 'em. It being a Moon-light Night, he went by them, looked wishful in their Faces; and returning to Hall, told him, that they looked more like Thieves than Bailiffs. Upon this they watch'd 'em, and by and by they saw Vaughan go along with a Bundle upon his Shoulder. They stopt him. He cry'd out, Thieves! Rogues! do you design to rob me? They told him they knew who those  Goods belong'd to. Are they yours, says he? No, said they, but we can bring you to the right Owner quickly. Gentlemen, be but easy, and you shall go Halves. No, we will have all. All? What won't you leave me one Cap? Pray, Gentlemen, let me have but a Cap, and take the rest betwixt you. They carried him back with the Goods to Mrs. Norman. Quin ran away; but he and Dun were both taken next day. The Prisoners then made their Defence. Vaughan own'd that he had the Goods, but said that he found'em under a bench next Door to Norman's. Quin said he was at Ipswich when the Robbery was committed, but brought no body to prove it. A Picklock was found in his Pocket; and he was an Evidence at a former Sessions. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Sheppard 
               



             and his Wife in Sheppard's-Yard in the Little Minories depos'd, that Dun was at their House between 6 and 7 that Night the Robbery was committed. The Jury 

               acquitted
             her, and found Vaughan and Quin (Brothers by Mother's Side) 


               guilty of Felony to the Value of 39s
            . 



               Transportation
            .
