










                     Mary 
                     Hambleton  alias 
Brean




               
             of Dowgate



 was indicted for 


               privately stealing out of the Warehouse of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Moss 
                     



                  , 120 Pound of Camels Hair, value 25 l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Mason 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Rob 
                     Brown 
                  



                
             on the 16th of Dec.

 last; and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cross 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stole
            . It appeared that the Goods were mist out of Mr. Moss's Warehouse, and some of them found at 
               
                  Robert 
                  Rositer 
               



            's a Hatter, who bought the said Hair of the prisoner Cross, by means of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Bradly 
               



            . Bradly lodg'd in a Publick House where Cross came to drink, and ask'd her to help him to a Customer for the Hair, and she brought him to Rositer's. Rositer being apprehended for having the Goods in his Custody, went in search of the prisoner, whom he found on board of a Ship in the Downs; from whence, after much resistance, he took him. Cross, in his Defence, said, he had the Goods of Hambleton; and Hambleton, said, that Cross coming to her Master's, and seeing some of the Hair scattered about the Warehouse. he ask'd her to give him as much as would make him a Hat, and she let him take it; but deny'd that she knew of his having any more. The Jury found them both 

               guilty
            .





[Hambleton: Death. See summary.]






[Cross: Transportation. See summary.]


