







                     William 
                     Mathews 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew's Holborn


, was indicted 


               for breaking open the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Clark 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; on the 21st of November
 in the Night time, and stealing thence one Dozen of Silver hafted Knives, one Dozen of Silver Hafted Forks, two Silver Salvers, a Pepper Box, a Milk Pot, a Silver Boat, and several other pieces of Silver Furniture, besides a Cloak, a piece of Shagreen, and other Goods, the Property of the said 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Clark 
                     



                  , Esq;
            

The Prosecutor depos'd, that on the 21st of November, when he went to Bed at Night, as his Custom was, he carried the Key of the Street Door up Stairs with him, but left the Key of the Back Door with his Servants, that the next Morning he was inform'd by his Maid, that his Street Door was broke open, and a paine of Glass taken out of the Window, that he went in surpris'd to see if any Thing was missing, and found the Goods mention'd in the Indictment taken away, upon which he went to Goldsmiths-hall, and caus'd his Plate to be advertis'd by Description, and the Advertisements distributed to the several Silver-Smiths and Pawn-brokers about Town, by which Method he came to hear of the Prisoner, who was stopp'd disposing of some of his Plate, but he would not confess the Robbery, saying he had the Goods of one Cockeril to dispose of; the Prosecutor then ask'd him who he knew, and how he might be satisfied with his Character, he said he was well acquainted with one Mr. Coxiter, and directed the Prosecutor where he lived, to whom the Prosecutor went and enquir'd out the Habitation of the Prisoner, and going there with a Search Warrant, he found several of his Goods which were taken out of his House, and on the Sunday Evening following, a Woman who said she was the Prisoner's Wife came, and Kneeling upon her Knees, deliver'd the Prosecutor almost all his Plate.
The Servants of the Prosecutor depos'd severally, That the Doors were all fast when they went to Bed on the 21st of November; and the Maid-Servant depos'd, That in the Morning when she came down Stairs, a Paine of Glass was taken out of the Window, and the Door was open.
Mr. Martin depos'd, That the Prisoner brought some Plate to him, and offer'd it to Sale, and he finding it describ'd in an Advertisement, stopp'd both him and the Plate, which being brought into the Court, it appear'd to be the Prosecutor's.
The Prosecutor further depos'd, That when the Prisoner was first apprehended, he said, he had Acquaintance with one Nash, who he believ'd broke open the House, the said Nash being very familiar with one who had been the Prosecutor's Maid, and upon this Information the Prosecutor took a Warrant out for Nash, and his Maid, but he did not indict them. However, it was the Opinion of the Jury, that the Prisoner did not break open the House in the Night-Time, as mention'd in the Indictment, they therefore only found him 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


