








                     Ann 
                     Westwood  alias 
Brice




               
             and 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Brice 
                  



                
            , of St. Mary Abchurch



, were indicted, the former for 


               feloniously stealing 6 dozen of Steal Cork-Skrews, 14 Ivory-Handle Knives and Forks, 14 Maple-Handle Knives, and Forks, 1 pair of Scissors and 5 Horn Snuff-Boxes, in all to the value of 38 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Goodchild 
                  



                
             on the 27th of January

 last; and Philip Brice for 


               receiving the Knives, Forks and Scissors of her, knowing them to be stole
            . The Prosecutor deposed that the Prisoner Ann was his Servant
, and that Philip came after her as a Sweetheart; that his Wife overhearing her bid him `come again a Sunday and she would give him something else; told him the Prosecutor of it; whereupon he search'd her Box, and found his Cork Skrews and Boxes in it; that she said she bought them at first; but afterwards confest they were his, saying she had not wrong'd him of one pennyworth more. That she also for some time refused to tell where Philip liv'd, but did at last. That they went to search his Master's House (he being an Apprentice) and found the Knives, Forks and Scissors in a Handkerchief in his Press where he put his Clothes. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Evans 
               



             deposed that he was present when the Knives and Forks were found in his Press; that he then said she was his Wife and gave them to him at her Master's Door; that he was sorry for it; and that he was bewitch'd. The Goods were produc'd in Court, had the Prosecutor's Mark on them, and were swore to by him; and the Confessions of them both were read in Court. Notwith standing all which, the Prisoner Ann on her Tryal said that she knew nothing of the matter, nor how the Goods came to be in her Box. But the Prisoner Brice said in his Defence, that he had them from her at her Master's Door, but did not know what they were; and called several to his Reputation. The Jury considering the whole matter, found them both 

               Guilty
            




               Transportation
            .
