








                     John 
                     Jones 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Dorothy 
                     Fowles 
                  



                
            , of St. James Westminster



, were indicted for 


               stealing 29 Yards of Holland, 8 Yards of Velvet, 16 Yards of green Burdett, 12 Yards of Cotton and Silk, and other Things
            , the Goods of Sir


                  John 
                  Brown 
               




             , Bart
.
Sir John Brown thus depos'd, The Prisoner was my Servant, as a Footman
 about a Year, and robb'd me of several Goods that were under Lock and Key in a back Parlour, the first which caus'd me to distrust him was missing of Goods which I knew I should have by me, the Prisoner sent a Deal-Box out of my House to Covent-Garden, to Mrs. Moor's, directed to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Herbert 
               



            , when that Box was discovered, the Prisoner ran away the next Day, and afterwards when he was taken, confess'd the Goods belong'd to me, the Value of which amount to about 20 s..
Mrs. Moore thus depos'd, That Box was sent by a Porter, directed to me for Mrs. Herbert, I sent in Sir John the next Morning, acquainting him with it, and Sir John sent has Coachman for it, afterwards the Prisoner came for the Box, and I told him it was gone to his Masters, who then said, I will go home no more.


                  Ann 
                  Herbert 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner sent a Box directed for Mrs. Herbert, and she saw Velvet, Holland and Silks, and the Prisoner said the Goods were Sir John's.
The Constable depos'd, That he took the Prisoner, and he own'd the Goods were Sir John's.
The Prisoner in his Defence said, That 
               
                  Ann 
                  Herbert 
               



             bought the box, and that she got into the Room, and another Man with her, and Herbert gave him 3 d. to buy a Cord, and he corded it up, and seal'd it, and sent it away to Mrs. Moore's by her Order, and that she gave him a Shilling to pay the Porter; then the Prisoner spoke of a Letter which, he receiv'd from Herbert, the Contents of which he said would be of much Service to him, but could not produce it, notwithstanding he had time allow'd him for that purpose: Upon the whole, the Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 39 s.
             but there being no Evidence that affected Dorothy Fowles, the Jury 

               acquitted
             her.




[Transportation. See summary.]


