











                     Jonathan 
                     Howel  alias 
Johnson




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Temperance 
                     Walker 
                  



                
            , of St. Martin in the Fields




, were indicted, the former for 


               feloniously stealing a Tabby Gown and Petticoat, a Callicoe Gown and Petticoat, and divers other Goods to the value of 7 or 8 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Glascock 
                        




                      
                  , in the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        John 
                        Watson 
                     



, on the 25th of January


 last; and Temperance Walker for 


               receiving the same knowing them to be stole
            . 
               
                  Mary 
                  Glascock 
               



             deposed, that her Door was broke the 25th of January between 12 and 1 at Noon, (she being out) and the Goods mentioned in the Indictment taken away. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harris 
               



             deposed, that the Prisoner Howel, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Merrit 
               



             and her self broke the Prosecutor's Door and took the Goods (which she described, and where they lay, which agreed exactly with the Prosecutor's Account) and sold them, as she believed to Temperance Walker, but could not be positive. That she had been acquainted with Howel 6 Years and was sure he was in this Fact. The Jury considering the matter, 

               acquitted
             Walker, and found Howel 


               Guilty to the value of 39 s
            .
He was again indicted by the Name of 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Johnson , alias 
Howel




            , of St. Giles without Cripplegate




, for 


               feloniously stealing 2 Holland Shirts, value 10 s. and 1 Holland Shift, value 5s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Marks 
                  




                
            , on the 2d of March


 last. It appeared that the Prisoner took the Goods in Katherine Browne's Room, who had them to wash for Mr. Marks, and put them in his Apron, whilst she was gone out; but 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Morris 
               



            , who used to wash for the said Browne, coming in the interim, and seeing him. cryed out, and 2 Men coming to her Assistance, he threw them down; 
               
                  Katherine 
                  Browne 
               



             also deposed, that she lockt her Door when she went out, and when she came home found a Key and Chissel in her Room. The Fact being fully proved upon him, the Jury found him 

               Guilty of this Indictment
             also.




[Transportation. See summary.]


