







                     John 
                     Landis 
                  



               
            , of the Parish of St. Margaret New Fish-street


, was indicted 


               for feloniously stealing a Pair of Sleeves, value 2 s. the Property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Judge 
                     



                   ; and 3 l. in Money, the Property of Joseph Judge, and 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Slayden 
                        



, the 13th of September
 last. The Prosecutor depos'd, The Prisoner was his Apprentice
, and he behaving himself irregularly and Things having been lost, he suspected him, and examining his Box, he found a pair of Sleeves that had been lost; and sound also a Key that would open the Trunk where the Money lay: And upon taxing the Prisoner with robbing him, after many contradictions Accounts how he came by that Key; he at last confes'd he had at Times taken out divers Sums of Money, so the Value of about 3 l. and wrote down the particular Some in a Piece of Paper, which he produc'd in Court. Two other Evidences confirm'd his having own'd the taking the Money, at several Times. The Prisoner pleaded, That he having had Money of his Mother to lay up, his Mother suspecting him, tax'd him with robbing him; and after using Many Menaces, threatned to send him to Newgate; he being terrified, that he might not be sent to Newgate, he did confess the taking of about 27 s. but his Master still threatning to send him to Newgate, telling him his former Confession would not do, he did, by Direction of those about him, write upon a Piece of Paper, as he thinks to the Value of 3 l. 6 s. although he never wrong'd him of any Thing. That as so the Sleeves, he had them of a Servant Maid that had liv'd in the Family, who being gone to live in the Country, he had sent for her, but could not hear of her. The Prisoner call'd several credible Persons to his Reputation, who gave him an extraordinary Character, as an honest, industrious, young Man. The Master and Mistress being examin'd, deny'd their terrifying him into a Confession, except that in finding the Key that would open his Trunk, he did say to him, You Villain, I am afraid this Key will bring you to Newgate. The Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 39 s. 


                     Transportation
                  . But considering the good Character he had given him, the Jury recommended him to the Favour of the Court
            .
