








                     John 
                     Webb 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles in the Fields


, was indicted, for that he 


               . (with 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Crib 
                     



                  , now at large) did break the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Latouche 
                        



                      
                  , and take from thence 2 Casements, value 4 s. on the 16th of June

 last, about the Hour of 2 in the Morning
            . He was a 2d time indicted, for that he, 


               (with 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Crib 
                     



                   now at large) did break the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Morgan 
                        



                      
                  , Esq; and take from thence 2 Casements, value 4 s. on the 16th of June

 last, about the Hour of 2 in the Morning
            . It appear'd that the Casements were fast shut on Friday Night, and gone next Morning about 2 of the Clock. The prisoner (who was an Apprentice to a Glazier
) was seen in Company with Crib about 11 at Night, the prisoner having 2 Casements, but Crib none. About 2 s Clock the Watch saw them together again, with each of'em a Casement under his Arm, which they carry'd home to Webb's Master's Shop. That going their Rounds, they mist the Casements off the Windows, and going to the prisoner's Master's House, found the Casements behind the Shop Door. The prisoner, in the Round House, confest he went down into the Airy, unhook'd the Casements, and gave'em up to Crib. They were try'd to the Windows, and fitted exactly. The Jury found him 


               guilty of Felony upon both Indictments
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


