











                              William 
                              Smith 
                           







                   and Mary
                   his Wife





            , of the Parish of St. Giles's Cripplegate




, were indicted for 


               breaking open the House of 
                     
                        
                           Deborah 
                           Firth 
                        




                      
                   in the Night-time, and taking thence 3 Suits of Cambrick Head-clothes, a Lace Handkerchief, 40 Yards of Ribbon, a Stuff Gown and a Brass Pot
            . The Prosecutor deposed that her House was broke and her Goods gone. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Godfrey 
               



             deposed that she lockt and bolted the Door over Night, and that her Mistress lighted her while she did so; that in the Morning she found them open; that the Lock of the Back Door was broke and the  Yard-Door Wrencht. 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Wild 
               



             deposed that the Prosecutor came to him, and told him her House was broke and she robb'd, and that she suspected one 
               
                  Tho 
                  Stanford 
               



            , a Boy, who was gone from his Friends; That he enquired after the Boy and found that he was acquainted with the Prisoners, whereupon he searcht their House and found a Dark Lanthorn, a Picklock Key, and the Instrument they forc'd the Bolt with; that the Prisoners own'd the Fact, and confest where part of the Goods were pawn'd, which were found accordingly, and the rest in the Prisoner's Lodgings. 
               
                  Tho 
                  Stanford 
               



             deposed, that the Prisoner Will. Smith, enticed him away from his Father; lifted him over the Wall to break open the Door, but he could not; that his Wife helped him over and he broke it open, took the Goods in his Green Apron and gave them to his Wife. Will. Smitb said he took the Boy out of Charity, and he brought the Goods home to his Wife, telling her he found them in Hounsditch. The Jury considering the Husband was present with the Wife, 

               acquitted
             her, and found him 


               Guilty of Felony only
            . 



               Transportation
            .
