







                     William 
                     Heatstone , alias 
Easton




               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking House of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Mullet 
                        




                      
                   in the Night, and stealing 2 Gold Rings, 3 Broad Pieces, 7 Guineas and 18 s. 6 d.
             on the 24th of November
. 
               
                  Katherine 
                  Mullet 
               



             thus depos'd. The Prisoner had been my Lodger about a Month. When one Night while I was a Bed I heard a Noise below Stairs where my Chest stood. So I call'd out who's there! The Prisoner answer'd, 'Tis I Landlady I am only looking for a Pot to warm some Beer. By and by he comes up into my Room, and takes all the Money out of my Pocket; then he went into the Closer, cut a Slice of Mutton, and went down Stairs again; next Morning I found my Chest broke open and my Money gone. The Prisoner thus made his Defence. I never had any Thing of what I am charged with, but the Rings, and I came by them honestly. For when I came to lodge with this old Women, she fell in Love with me; she has got a Husband indeed, but he's at Carolina. One Day she invited me to go with her to Stepney to take a Treat of Cakes and Ale, and I went; and while we were drinking together, I had Occasion to go to the Necessary House, which was at the farther End of the Yard; I was no sooner got thither, but she came in after me - and we were very merry together, and the gave me the Rings for my Pains, and so we came home again. At Night I went up Stairs, and she follow'd me. We had several hot Pots together, I went to Bed while she was in the Room, and she undrest herself, came into Bed to me; and because I did not satisfied her, she swore this Robbery against me, tho' I never did an ill Thing in my Life. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ivory 
               



             thus depos'd. The Prisoner and Prosecutor came to my House at Stepney. They had Ale and Cakes, and Pigeon Pyes together; she call'd him Son, and said she was come to make merry with him. He went to the Necessary House, and she follow'd, and stood talking with him at the Door, and then he came to the Door, and she went in. They came away together, the walking with her Arm round his Neck. 


               Guilty of Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


