







                     Robert 
                     Cole 
                  



               
            , of St. James's Westminster


, was 


               indicted on the Statute of 21 Hen. 8. for that he being then a Servant
 to the Right Honourable the 
                     
                        
Lord Viscount
Cobham


                     
                  , did imbezil a Brillant Diamond Necklace value 1500l. and a Brillant Diamond pair of Ear-rings value 150l. the Goods of the said Lord Viscount Cobham, which were deliver'd to him to carry to 
                     
                        Mr. 
                        Halsey 
                     



                  .
             The delivery of the Jewels to him to carry to Mr. Halsey was fully proved by 
               
                  Celestia 
                  Rosier 
               



             and 
               
                  Mrs 
                  Ashurst 
               



            , and that he carried them to the Marquess of Winchester's and shewed them there to his Porter and Mr. Meales, saying that he was going to my Lady Cobham's Father with them, appeared by the Evidence of 
               
                  John 
                  Millwood 
               



            . The Prisoner also owned that he received them for that purpose, and pleaded that he delivered them accordingly; to make out which, he call'd and examin'd as follows. Mr. Halsey being ask'd, deposed, that he brought none of them to him. The Lord Cobham deposed, that he advised his Wife before they went into the Country to send her Jewels to Mr. Halsey for safety; that she told him she had; but that he never saw them since. The Lady Cobham confirmed the same, and Deposed that she had not seen them since. Mrs. Halsey also deposed that she did not see them, and that they were not deliver'd to her. The Prisoner said, as a Circumstance that he deliver'd them, that his Lady sent him next day to her Father with a Note for 100 l. and that he paid him all in Gold except 5 s. and that as he was upon the Water coming Home with it, he found he wanted a Guinea of the Sum, whereupon he went back, and found Mr. Halsey in this Compting House, and told him of it, who taking his Pen to cast it up, found the Mistake, and gave him the Guinea; and then he carried the 100 l. Home to his Lady. But this was contradicted by Mr. Halsey and my Lady in every particular. He also called 
               
                  Mary 
                  Emmerson 
               



            , his Servant, who deposed, that he brought the Jewels Home, and shewed them to her Mistress, saying he was going to carry them to Mr. Halsey; that he went out about 12 and return'd about 5, and said that he had deliver'd them. That the next Day he came home and said he was going for 100 l. that he brought home a great deal of Gold, and said afterwards that he had carried it to his Lady. He also called Eliz. Weston, who deposed, that she saw him have a great deal of Gold, and that he told her he had it of Mr. Halsey, and afterwards said, he had given it to his Lady, who returned him a Shilling for his Boat. He also call'd some Persons to prove that he was in a very poor Condition about that Time, and that his Goods were seized on about a Fortnight after. The Jury considering the whole matter, found him 

               Guilty
             of the Indictment. 


               Transportation
            .
