







                     Sarah 
                     Brinklow 
                  



               
            , of St. Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Grace 
                           Swift 
                        



                      
                  , and a Gold Watch, and a considerable Quantity of Plate, the Property of the Right Honourable the 
                     
Lady

 Culpepper


, on the 25th of June last: It appeared by the Oath of 
               
                  Cecilia, the Wife of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Stanhope 
                     







            , Esq; That the Prisoner being a Servant
 to the Lady Culpepper, had taken the Goods out of her Ladyship's Lodgings, and convey'd them to the House of one Mr. Field, a Book-seller.
Mr. Field depos'd, That on the 25th of June last, the Prisoner brought a Bundle to his House, and desired he would take Care of it, and upon their laying it on some Books in the Shop, she seem'd uneasy, and desired they would carry it up Stairs; that not long after, a little Boy, her Brother, came and desired he might stay till his Sister came, which they agreed to, that he staid to Dinner, and said, that the Lady where his Sister lived had been robb'd, which gave them some Suspicion that the Goods which she brought might not be honestly come by, and in Consequence of that Suspicion they opened the Bundle, and finding a Gold Watch and a considerable Quantity of Plate, he went and informed the Lady of it; that the Lady Culpepper came to his House, after securing the Prisoner, and found that the Bundle which she brought to his House, contain'd in it the Goods which were stolen from her Ladyship's Lodgings.


                  John 
                  Faithful 
               



             depos'd, That he being the Beadle who secur'd her, heard her confess, that she took the Goods out of the Lady Culpepper's Lodgings, at Mrs. Swift's House, and carried them to the House of Mr. Field, the Bookseller; and that she said, she deserved a greater Punishment than the Law indicted, for wronging so good a Lady.
The Prisoner call'd several Witnesses to appear for her good Character, but the Evidence against her being very plain, the Jury found her 


               Guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


