








                  Sarah 
                  Payn , alias 
Matthews




            , of St. Giles's without Cripplegate


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Guinea and Half a Guinea, from the Person of 
                     
                        John 
                        Polliter 
                     





, and 


               36 Yards of Silver Lace, value 5 l. in the Dwelling-house
             of Thomas Smith, on the 28th of January last, the Property of John Polliter aforesaid.
The Prosecutor depos'd, That the Prisoner pick'd him up and persuaded him to go home to her Lodgings, where he gave her Half a Crown to fetch Salmon for Supper, and then they drank two full Pots of Beer and a Dram, after which they laid down upon the Bed, &c. and presently he felt her take his Money, and charging her with it, she said she would give it him again, but did not, for when she came with him to the Door she laugh'd at him; that he went away, but did not miss his Silver lace, which he had laid upon the Dresser which stood by the Bed-side, in a Bag, in which was as much as was worth 14 or 15 l. but she had only taken out four Pieces, value 5 l. which he supposed she took whilst he was asleep.
Honest 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Smith 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner brought the Prosecutor to her Room, and sent her for the Salmon and for the Drink, and that when she came back the Prosecutor said, the Prisoner had got a Guinea and Half from him, and he would cut her Throat, at the same Time holding a Knife in his Hand, he struck at her and cut her Necklace, when the Prisoner said to him, My dear, dear Polliter, don't hurt me; after this he went away, and this Deponent went to Bed, and would have had the Prisoner come to Bed too, but she refused it, and upon this Deponent's asking her if she had got his Money, the Prisoner not only shew'd it her, but said, she had got something of him which was better still, and then shew'd her the Silver Lace; after which, she put it in this Deponent's Drawer, saying, she knew she was very welcome to it, but this Deponent seem'd to tell with some Concern, that when she 'wakd in the Morning the Prisoner was gone, and had taken both the Lace and Money with her. It appeared by other Witnesses, that the Prisoner was a wicked dissolute Creature, and had got Drunk with the Money, and sold some Part of the Lace to a Shoemaker.
The Prisoner had little to say in her Defence, but that she had it with the Prosecutor's Leave, they being too well acquainted for him to deny her any Thing, nor would he have prosecuted her, had not the Shoemaker stopp'd her and sent for the Prosecutor's Wife, and thereby discovered the Intriegue between them: But the Prosecutor's Folly would not excuse her Theft, for it evidently appeared that she had taken the Lace without his Knowledge and Consent; upon which the Jury found her 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. and 10 d. for taking the Goods
            , but 

               acquitted her of the Charge of taking the Money
            , it being laid in a different Indictment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


