












                     John 
                     Holman 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Crofts 
                  



                
            , were indicted, he for 


               stealing 2 Leaden Flower Pots, value 4l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hucks 
                  



Esq
; on the 7th of July





, and she for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stoln
            . They were a 2d Time indicted, he for 


               stealing 2 Pewter Ale-house Pots, value 3 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Moor 
                  



                
            , on the 22d of September





, and she for 


               receiving the same knowing them to be stoln
            . He was a 3d Time indicted for 


               stealing 6 Cane Chairs and other Things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Townsend 
                  



                
            , on the 3d of April





; and she for 


               receiving the same knowing them to be stoln
            .
It appeared that the Prisoner Holman, in company with 
               
                  John
                   Williams, alias 
Vincent, alias 
White




             (who was Evidence against him) stole a Ladder from the New Buildings in Tyburn Road, by the help of which they got over a Wall into Mr. Huck's Garden, and took away two Leaden Pots; that at other Times they stole 6 Chairs, and other Things out of Mr. Huck's Summer House; and 2 Ale-house Pots from Joseph Moor; all which (as White depos'd) they sold to the Prisoner Margaret Crofts, and that she knew how they came by them. That she gave them a Groat a Pound for the Alehouse Pots, and said she must melt them for fear the owners Name upon them should occasion a Discovery, that for the same Reason she order'd the Leaden Flower Pots which were gilded, to be cut to pieces in the Cellar, and gave them 7 s. for them, they weigh'd a Hundred Weight. She call'd several of her Neighbours, who gave her a good Character, and the Jury 

               acquitted
             her of the Three Indictments, and found Holman 


               guilty of each, to the value of 10d.
            




               Transportation
            .
