







                     Nathaniel 
                     Hawes 
                  



               
            , of St. Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 7 Yards and half of Sattin value 18 s. 5 Yards of Mohair 28 s. 47 Yards of Camblet 6 l. 13 s. 6 d. 8 Yards of Burdet, and four Yards of Tiking in the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Gronas 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Gladwell 
                           Peyton 
                        



. on the 9th of September
 last. Gladwell Peyton deposed, that the Prisoner had been with him 3 Months upon Liking in order to be Apprentice to him; that he missing Goods several times, made enquiry after them; that on Saturday Morning the Prisoner went away, and left word that he was going to another Master; that he was seen to be flush of Money and had got himself lac'd Ruffles, &c. that he having notice that the Prisoner used to go often to Mr. Phillip's, a Piece Broker, he got a Warrant to search his House, where he found several of his Goods, as Mohair, Damask, Camblet, &c. and that he sold him that for 24 s. and 6 d. which was worth 10 l. 24 s. Mr. Green deposed, that when he served the Warrant on the Prisoner, he owned that he stole the Goods from his Master, and sold them to the Piece Broker. Mr. Browne deposed, that he went to the Prisoner in the Round House. who owned to him that he had stole Goods from his Master and sold them to 
               
                  John 
                  Phillips 
               



            , who bid him bring what he would and he would buy it, that he told him several Particulars and the Prices he had sold them for, which he set down from his own Month, and the Prisoner afterwards signed it. Mr. Fortune confirmed the former Evidence. The Prisoner owned his Signing the Paper in Court, which was read, by which the Goods appeared to be sold greatly under the value. The Jury considering the matter, found him 


               Guilty to the value of 39 s
            . 


               Transportation
            .
