








                     Joseph 
                     Rashfield 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               Stealing a silk Gown, value 30 Shillings, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joshua 
                           Taylor 
                        



                      
                  , a Fustian Coat, value 20 Shillings, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Taylor 
                        



                      
                  , 3 Silk Gowns value 10 l. and a Petticoat, and other things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Edwards 
                  



                
             on the 27 of August

, and


                     Elizabeth 
                     Field 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               receiving part of the said Goods, knowing them to be Stoln
            . The Fact appeared thus: 
               
                  John 
                  Bains 
               



            , a Waterman, had received a Bundle from Mrs. Taylor on Fish Street-Hill, and a Box from Mr. Sale in Newgate Street. These 2 Parcels he put into his Boat, which lay at Church-yard Stairs



 near the Bridge. He left the Boat there about a quarter of an Hour. At his Return the Boat was gone, and he afterwards found it at St. Mary Overies Stairs. It was carried thither, and the Goods taken out of it by the Prisoner Rashfield, who delivered 'em to 
               
                  Anne 
                  Bines 
               



             and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Rice 
               



            , and they carried great part of 'em to the Prisoner Field, who gave 'em 3 Pounds for what was worth about 10, and told 'em that she would Lock any thing that they could speak with, though it was the King's Crown, meaning, that she would buy any thing that they could Steal. Advertisements being spread among the Pawnbrokers; and Bines and Rice having pledged another of the Growns to 
               
                  William 
                  Wood 
               



             in Worcester Street in the Park Southwark, he apprehended 'em, and they impeached the Prisoner. 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


