







                     Benjamin 
                     Rand 
                  



               
            , of Fulham


, was indicted for 


               breaking the House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Rand 
                        




                      
                  , in the Day time, no-body being therein, and Stealing a silver Spoon, and other Goods, and 19 l. 16 s. in Money
            , the 27th of July
 last.


                  John 
                  Rand 
               



             depos'd, That while he was in his Garden, himself and Servants gathering Pease, the Side of his House, being lathed and plaster'd, was broken through, and the Money, &c. was taken away; that he being inform'd that the Prisoner, much about that Time, was seen running from the House, cross the Field; he suspected him, and thereupon advertised him in a News-Paper; that some time after being apprehended, he offer'd to help him to 17 or 18 l. of his Money if he would forgive him, having acknowledg'd he committed the Robbery.


                  William 
                  Powel 
               



             depos'd, That when he apprehended the Prisoner, he had but little Money about him; but he found a Purse with a Promissory Note for 5 l. and some other Papers; this Purse and Note was sworn to by the Prosecutor.


                  William 
                  Stephens 
               



             depos'd, That happening to be drinking with the Prisoner, he gave him 17 l. in Silver to change into Gold, which he did, giving 10 Broad Pieces, 4 Guineas and a Moidore for 17 l. the Prisoner giving him a Shilling; so that the 17 l. offer'd, and which was produc'd in Court, was not the same Money that the Prosecutor lost.
Mr. Clows deposed, that the Prisoner came to drink at his House with another Person, and did desire him to lay the Money by for him, in order to get his Discharge of the Captain he being a Soldier; the Sirname of the Prosecutor and the Prisoner being the same, the Judge suspecting that the Prisoner and Prosecutor were Relations, put the Question to the Prosecutor, and he reply'd, that he was his Son; upon which, he ask'd him how many Sons he had? he reply'd, he had none but the Prisoner; who was a stout, tall Fellow, and seem'd to be not far from 40 Years of Age.
The Uncle of the Prisoner likewise depos'd, That the Prisoner did offer to restore to his Father 17 or 18 l. if he would not Prosecute. The Prisoner did not deny the Fact, and tho' the Prosecution seem'd so un-paternal. being against an only Son, yet the Fact being so plainly prov'd, the Jury found him 


               guilty of the Felony, but acquitted him of the Burglary
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


