








                     William 
                     Grey 
                  



                
            , of Aldgate



, was indicted for 


               privately stealing (in Company with 
                     
                        James 
                        Tisdal 
                     



                   not yet taken) 60 Pair of Stockings, val. 15 l. in the Shop of 
                     
                        Frances 
                        Sanders 
                     



, July 27

. And


                     Elizabeth 
                     White 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               receiving the said Goods, knowing them to be stoln.
            



                  Frances 
                  Sanders 
               



             thus deposed: I keep a Shop
 in Church-Row, by Aldgate



, but my Dwelling house is in another Place. I and my Daughter (
               
                  Sarah 
                  Nichols 
               



            ) were called up about Midnight, and found my Shop broke open, and sixty Pair of Stockings taken away.
Sarah Nichols deposed the same, and both swore to the Bundle of Stockings produced in Court, there still being their Marks upon them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Jones 
               



             thus deposed: Elizabeth White offered me a Parcel of these Stockings to sell. She ask'd me 4 s. a Pair, and presently fell to 2 s. and said, if I would give that, she would fetch the whole Bundle, and the Man that own'd them. This made me believe that she did not come honestly by them; and therefore I desired her to go for the rest, but to bring them as privately as she could. In the mean time I sent for a Constable; but White, and the other Prisoner Grey, with a great Bundle of Stockings, were with me before him. In order to detain them till the Constable came, I made them tell over the Stockings, set down the Prices separately, and then cast them up. The Men's he allow'd at 2 s. Boys at 6 d. and Childrens at 3 d. At these Prices they came to 4 l. 16 s. in all. I told them they must abate the odd 16 s. but Grey said he could not afford it. You can if you will, says I. But who do they belong to? Perhaps I may come into Trouble about them. There is no Fear of that, says Grey, the Goods are mine, and I will bear you Harmless. By this time, my Husband and the Constable came in. Grey look'd very shy upon them, and whisper'd me to take the Goods at my own Price, and let him go But we secured them both.


                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



             deposed, that about Eleven o'Clock on Tuesday Night, he and Grey, and one Tisdale, broke open Mrs. Sanders's Shop, and took away these Goods.
Grey, in his Defence, said that he had the Stockings from 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



            . Elizabeth White, in her Defence said, that Grey and Templeman brought the Goods to her to sell for them, when she was drunk, and knew not what she did. Both 

               Guilty
            . Grey 


               Death
            , and White 


               Transportation
            .
