








                     John 
                     Rogers 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sculthorp 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Turner 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing from thence three Pewter Chamber Pots, a Saucepan, and other Goods, on the 22d of July
, in the Night
            .
William Turner thus deposed: I keep the Horns Alehouse at Essex-Stairs




: My Back-Window looks into the Thames. My House was broke open, and a Saucepan stole away, the 18th of July; and I suppose the Entrance was made at that Sash-Window. I am not sure whether or no I had made fast the Shutter of that Window when I went to Bed that Night; but I am sure I did on the 22d of the same Month, on which Night my House was broke open a 2d time, and three Chamber-Pots taken away. The Prisoner Sculthorp was a Waterman, and ply'd at my Door. He usually drank at my House, and knew where every thing lay.


                  Richard 
                  Johnson 
               



             thus deposed: I ply at the same Stairs. Sculthorp took me aside one Day, and ask'd me if I'd go upon the Account. What Account? says I. Why the Account of what we can get in Turner's House. But, says I, is there no Danger? No, says he, I and 
               
                  Jack 
                  Rogers 
               



             have been there twice before: You shall come to no Trouble. Do but bring year Boat under the Window, you need not come out of it, to be any ways concern'd; but only take what I bring.


                  Robert 
                  Ellis 
               



            , the Constable, deposed, That Sculthorp own'd before him that they had robb'd the House twice, and did intend the next time to make a general Sweep, and clear the House of all the Silver Tankards, and other handy Moveables.


                  Robert 
                  Evans 
               



             thus deposed: I heard Sculthorp own that he had robb'd Turner's House, and did design to rob it again, and make up a Boat's full Cargo. As for Rogers, he was the most impudent Fellow before the Justice that ever I saw. He stood a strut, cock'd his Hat, and giving a Fillup with his Finger, Now, (says he to his Worship) do your worst, I can but be hang'd; my Neck is but short, and it wants to be stretch'd. Rogers was 

               acquitted
            , and Sculthorp found 


               guilty of Felony only
            . 


               Transportation
            .
