








                     Margaret 
                     Stokes 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Williams , alias 
Foster, of Chiswick








               
            , in the County of Middlesex, were indicted for 


               stealing 4 Silver Spoons, 2 Silver Forks, 1 Silver Soop Spoon, 1 Silver Soop Ladle, 1 Silver Marrow Spoon, 1 Silver Milk Pot, 1 small Silver Salver, 1 pair of Silver Snuffers and Snuffer-pan, and 1 Diamond Ring
            , the Goods of Mrs
. 
               
                  Katharine 
                  Bourne 
               




             , October 19
.
Katharine Bourne depos'd, That she lost her Plate out of a Closet in her Bed-chamber, and also that one of the Prisoners, Williams, alias Foster, had liv'd in her House 7 Days as a Servant
, and left her House the Wednesday Night before she lost her Goods, that she had her Plate on Sunday the 19th of October at Noon, and did not miss it till Tuesday the 21st following.


                  Jonas 
                  Clifton 
               



            , a Goldsmith, depos'd, That one of the Prisoners came to him on the Monday following, the 20th of October, with 4 Silver Spoons, (one of them a Marrow Spoon) and a Silver Fork, offering them for sale, that he question'd her how she came by them, and the Prisoner told him, her Father was an Apothecary, lately Dead, and her Mother was obliged to dispose of them, this Deponent giving Credit to this plausible Pretence, bought the Goods of the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Walkingshaw 
               



             depos'd, That on the 22d of October, he receiv'd a Letter from the Prosecutor, Mrs. Bourne, desiring him to Advertise and give proper Notice, that if the Plate which she had lost should be offer'd to sale, it might be stopt, and he thereupon went to Goldsmiths-Hall and gave such Notice, and that soon after he read an Account from Mr. Ridgley, a Goldsmith, that he had bought the Diamond Ring, and that on Sunday Morning he went to 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Stokes 
               



            , call'd a Boat, and brought her to London, who, in their Passage confessed to him that her Sister 
               
                  Mary 
                  Williams 
               



            , stole the Goods, that afterwards carrying them before a Justice, Williams own'd she stole the Goods, and deliver'd to him a Ring, which she had in exchange for the Diamond Ring.


                  John 
                  Wilson 
               



            , a Jeweller, depos'd, That when Mr. Ridgley bought any thing of that Kind, he always sent for him, to have his Opinion of it, by which means he saw Stokes, and knew her to be the Person that brought it.


                  Samuel 
                  Whiteway 
               



             depos'd, That he bought the Snuffers and Snuff-pan, the Milk Pot, and a small Salver, but would not be positive that the Prisoners were the Persons that sold them.
The Constable depos'd, That he apprehended Stokes, and brought her to London, that she then said she had no Hand in stealing the Plate, (her Sister did that) but confess'd she went with her Sister to sell it, not knowing how she came by it.


                  John 
                  Pope 
               



            , the Waterman, depos'd, That he brought 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Stokes 
               



             to London, and heard her own, that her Sister stole the Plate, which Williams confess'd.
Williams took the Felony as much as possible upon her self, telling the Court, that her Sister knew nothing of it, but that she herself found the Plate ty'd up in a Towel; the Jury (not believing Williams had been so lucky) found her 


               guilty to the value of 39 s. 
            and 

               acquitted
             Stokes.




[Transportation. See summary.]


