







                     Benjamin 
                     Ash 
                  



               
             of St. George in Botolph Lane


, was indicted for 


               breaking the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Biggs 
                        



                      
                   in the Day-time, and feloniously taking a Brass Pot, 2 Brass Candlesticks, a pair of Snuffers, 3 Knives etc. in all to the value of 8 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Paul 
                           Petit 
                        



, on the 16th of this Instant May
. Mr. Biggs deposed that M. Petit lodg'd in his House formerly, but was gone into the Country, having left his Goods in his Custody: that Mr. Petit sent his two Nephews up for his Goods, who told him, that there was a Silver Tankard and Cup wanting, whereupon he took up the Journeyman; who telling him that he had observed the Prisoner (his Apprentice
) full of Money, etc. they detected him. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Davis 
               



             deposed, that he work'd with Mr. Biggs, and observing the Prisoner full of Money askt him how he came by it, who told him that a Gentleman had left him part of a Room of Furniture; that he had sold a Gold Watch for 40 s. and had other things to sell, asking him (this Evidence) to buy them; that he pretended (by contrivance of his Master) to buy them, who went out on purpose to give the Prisoner an Opportunity to bring them into the Shop, that he might come in the interim and see what Goods they were; that as soon as the Prisoner had brought down the Goods (which proved to be those mentioned in the Indictment) his Master came in and caught him: That he consult before the Justice that he took them out of the Gentleman's Room by means of a false Key, and brought them into his Master's Shop to sell them. Which Confession was read in Court. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he used to wait on Mr. Petit when he lodged there, and was much in his Favour; that when he was going into the Country he gave him (the Prisoner) the Key of his Room, and the Goods, telling him that he might sell them when he would after he was gone; and that he took nothing else but those mentioned in the Indictment. H. Curling and J. Ticknell, (Mr. Petit's Nephews) deposed that there Uncle gave them his Key of the Room on purpose to send his Goods down to him; that when they went into the Room and mist the Tankand and Cup, the Goods mentioned in the Indictment were there: that they bad written to the Country to know if he had given them to the Prisoner, and had received an Answer that he had not: that their Uncle was not able to come to London, being Bed-rid; and that the Prisoner's Key would open the Lock as well or better than his. The Jury considering the Matter found him 


               Guilty of Felony only
            . 


               Transportation
            .
