










                     Mary 
                     Davis  alias 
Smith




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Askew  alias 
Green




               
            , of St. Martin in the Fields



, were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Silver Tankard, a Silver Coffee-Pot, a Silver Tea-Pot and Lamp, 10 Silver Spoons, 11 Silver Forks, 1 Silver Salver, 4 Silver Salts, 7 Silver Tea-Spoons, 1 pair of Silver Tongs, 2 Yards of Lawn, a Ridinghood, a Cambrick Neckcloth, &c. in all to the value of 32 l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Henriques 
                  



                
             on the 3d of this Instant May

. It appeared that the Prisoner Davis went to the Prosecutor's Wife to be hired for a Chamber Maid
, and being ask'd where she liv'd last, that they might enquire after her Character, told them at Madam Green's, at Mrs. Curtis's in New-North-Street, and that she came away because her Lady was going into Worcestershire and she could not bear being there, because her Father who lived there had Married a Second Wife, who had abused her Sister and turn'd her out of Doors. That going to enquire according to her Directions, the Lady Green proved to be the other Prisoner, Elizabeth Askew alias Green, who indeed said she had liv'd with her 4 Years, and gave her a very good Character, and exprest some concern for her leaving of her, saying that she could not persuade her to go down into the Country with her. That she came on the Friday, and persuading her Mistress to let her go out betimes the Wednesday following to get some May-Dew to make a Wash to take out Pimples and Freckles from the Face, took that Opportunity to carry off the Goods before any in the Family were up. Davis in her Defence said, that her Master gave her the Goods for Favours received from her, having kept her Company, and called one 
               
                  William 
                  Morgan 
               



             to prove it; but he happen'd to be mistaken in the describing of the Place; but got out of Court before he was call'd a Second time to answer to some Questions. It not appearing that Askew alias Green was present at the stealing of the Goods, tho' she was the Chief Disposer of them; afterwards, the Jury 

               Acquitted
             her of this Indictment, and found Davis 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
They were a second time indicted of the Parish of St. Andrew in Holbourn



  for a Misdemeanour, in 


               defrauding 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Brass 
                        



                      
                   of 12 Yards of Sattin, 9 Yards of Callicoe, 8 Yards of Muslin, 5 Yards of Soosee-Silk, in all to the value of 14 l. 18 s.
             on the 2d of this Instant May

. It appeared that Askew went to the Prosecutor's House telling his Wife that her Lady wanted some Goods of the best, and that she must bring them along with her; that she went with her accordingly to a reputable House in New-North-Street; that Davis (who was richly drest) carried them up to the Lady, and came down again and said she liked them very well, and that she must go and fetch some of the best of her Goods for Linings; that Askew told her she must give her the Buying of what she wanted for her self, for helping her to so good a Customer, for her Lady always pay'd ready Money for what she bought; she would take the Advice of a Friend who would be there by that time she could return with the Linings; Mrs. Bass seeing every thing look very Grand, went home to fetch some Linings for her Ladyship, well pleas'd that she had got so good a ready Money Lady for her Customer; but alas! when she return'd, the Lady, her Maid and the Goods she left before, were gone. The Jury found them 

               Guilty
             of this Indictment. For which Misdemeanour Elizabeth Askew alias Green was 



               fined 20 Marks
             and to 



               stand upon the Pillory
            .
