







                     Richard 
                     Leever 
                  



               
            , of St Paul at Shadwell


 was indicted that whereas 


               Otherinton Wrathan was convicted the 7th of December last for feloniously stealing 100 Yards of Sail Cloth called English Duck, value 90 l. in the Warehouse of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hide 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
: he the said Richard Leever did receive pieces of the same, on the 23d of April
 last, knowing them to be stole
            . 
               
                  Richard 
                  Mandevil 
               



             deposed, that there having been a stir made about it. 10 bolts of the said Cloth was brought to the White Horse at Limus; that it was Capt Hide's Cloth; that the Marks and Seals were cut off, and 3 Yards wanting in each Bolt, but the Maker's mark was left: that the Prisoner said they were all that were left and had cost him 30 l. to bring them back from the W but refused to tell by whom they were brought, saying he had rather suffer himself, than betray his Friend. Mr. Sm deposed that he was drinking at the Prisoner's House on the 23d of April about 9 or 10 at Night, and was into the Yard to the Necessary House, but the Prisoner staid him for some time; that when he came back he found 4 Bolts; that he saw Lacey bring one, and that Wrat was there, and the Prisoner gave them both Money  part. 
               
                  George 
                  Beale 
               



             deposed that he was then there w Smith, confirmed the Prisoner's staying him from going  the Vault, and his giving Lacey and Wratham Mon 
               
                  William 
                  Wratham 
               



             deposed, that he went to the Prison telling him what a sad thing he had done in buying th things of his Son and not telling him of it: that he said  was sorry he had done so, and owned that he gave bu Guinea a piece. Another deposed that some of the Go were worth 3 l. a piece, someworth more. 
               
                  Michael 
                  Dol 
               



             deposed, that the Prisoner and himself talking together  Bell-Wharf in Shadwell, of buying and selling Run stolen Goods, he advised the Prisoner against it, tel him it was dangerous; whereupon he told him, th was a Fool to advise him against it; for if he Goods before his Face, he would buy them if he could get by it   Prisoner denied that he knowingly bought stoled Goods; and called the following Evidence. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Leever 
               



             deposed Lacey brought some Sail-Cloth to her Father's House about 8 Months ago at 3 a Clock in the Afternoon, and askt her Father to buy it, which he refusing, Lacey sold it as a Sea-fairing-Man for at 21 s. a piece. Another Evidence deposed, that he Heard the Prisoner examine some Men how they came by the Cloth, who told him that their Master was going off, and wanted Money. He also called a great many to his Reputation, who gave him a good Character, but being askt, acknowledged that he dealt in small Run Goods, like the rest of his Neighbours, but not stolen Goods, as they knew of. And the Prisoner being askt why he stopt Mr. Smith from going to his Necessary House, said that a Master of a Ship had some Business at that time at his Back-Door. The Jury considering the whole matter, found him 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
