








                     Sarah 
                     Jones 
                  



                
            , of St. Giles's in the Fields



, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 24 Guineas, and 4 s. in Silver
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Yarro 
                  



                
            , on the 25th of March

 last. And 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jackson 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .
Mrs. Yarro depos'd, That on the 25th of March, the Prisoner being her Servant
, went up Stairs to this Deponent's Chamber, and she stopping there, this Deponent went up to see why she stopp'd at her Chamber, but as she was going up, the Prisoner went up Stairs into the Garret; yet tho she thought this a little odd, and forasmuch as she had not given her any Orders to go into her Chamber, yet she did not mistrust in the least that she had taken away the Money, yet by what she heard afterwards, it was her Opinion that the Money was taken away by the Prisoner at that Time; for soon after missing the Money, and expressing her Dissatisfaction at the Loss, a Neighbour informed her, that some Familiarities had pass'd in his Sight between the Prisoner 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Jones 
               



            , and the Prisoner 
               
                  John 
                  Jackson 
               



            ; upon which they sifted narrowly into the Matter, and having but too much Reason to believe it true, they carried her before a Magistrate who, after examining her, committed her to the Round-House, where she confess'd the Morning after her Commitment, that she had taken the Money out of the House, and said, That she had given it to John Jackson, which concurring with what she was told of by her Neighbour, they likewise thought fit to prosecute him for being Accessory to the Felony.
Mr. Clark depos'd, That on the 25th of March last, as he was looking out of his Window, he saw the Prisoner Sarah Jones, come out of her Master's House, and at some Distance stood John Jackson, to whom she went up, and after some Confabulation she gave him something into his Hand, with which he seem'd pleas'd, and chuck'd her under the Chin, but he said he could not perceive what it was that she gave him, yet he believing there was an Intrigue between them, went and informed her Master of it. He further said, That when 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Jones 
               



             was committed to the Round-House, he heard her confess her taking the Money, and at the same Time she said she gave it to John Jackson, when he this Deponent said, he saw them together from his Window.
Sarah Jones being ask'd what she had to say in her Defence, said, it was true, she took the Money out of her Master's House, and gave it to John Jackson.
John Jackson being ask'd what he had to say in his Defence, said, That he and Sarah Jones having at that Time a Respect for each other, he had a Design to marry her, and gave her a Ring at the Time which Mr. Clark said he saw her give something into his Hands.
Several Gentlemen appear'd for the Character of John Jackson, saying, he was an honest industrious Person, that maintained himself with a great deal of Credit and Reputation, and others depos'd in his Behalf, that Mr. Yarro the Prosecutor had said in their Hearing, That he would hang him right or wrong if he could; this being considered with the good Character he bore, and no positive Evidence appearing against him (for what Sarah Jones said was not Evidence) the Jury 

               acquitted
             him, but though the Information Sarah Jones gave against Jackson, was of no Effect, yet in Consequence of her own Confession at the Round-House, and at the Bar, she was found 


               guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


