







                     Phillis 
                     Noble 
                  



               
             of St. Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing from 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Gosling 
                        




                      
                  , a Brass Box and 2 Guineas, the Goods and Money of Benjamin Gosling
            , January 3 d
.
Benjamin Gosling thus depos'd. I live in White-Horse Alley in Drury-Lane; I am a Bricklayer's Labourer
, and its well known that I work hard for my Money, and so as I was saying, betwixt one and two a Clock in the Morning, - and a Mortal cold Night it was, - I am sure I have good Cause to remember it; for as I was coming by the Corner of Bennets Court, in Drury-Lane


; who should I meet but the Prisoner? and so says she, How dye do my Dear, - 'tis bloody cold Weather, - I wish you'd give me a Dram. Whereof, says I again, I don't care if I do, if we can come to a good Fire, and so - what signifies lying - we struck a Bargain, and went to a Gin Shop, and I thought I had better do so than wander about the Street all Night, tho' I must needs say, I might as well have gone home to any Wife, - but that's neither here nor there, - I was got a little in for't and when I am once in, I never mind which End goes foremost, and its many a poor Mans Case as well as mine. And so Sir the Reckoning came to 8 d. and I had got a Brass Box in my Pocket, with 2 Guineas in it, and a Note upon Command for 6 Pounds 6 Shillings, and some other odd Matters. Whereof I takes out this Box, in order to pay the Shot. Now whether she saw the Money in my Box, or did not see it, I can't be positive, she mought or she mought not, but howsoever I gave my Landlady a Shilling to change, and put up my Box again, and some other People came in to drink; and by and by my Landlady brings me a Groat, and so I went out with the Groat in my Hand, and Phillis along with me; and I goes to put my Money up, and mist my Box, and so I call'd the Watch, and carried her to the Round-House.
The Prosecutors Wife, and several others, depos'd that they searched the Prisoner in the Round-House, and found the Box, and the Note upon her, but none of the Money.
The Prisoner thus made her Defence. It being a cold Night, I went into a Gin Shop for a Dram of Anniseed, and there I saw this Gosling a drinking along with a Parcel of Bunters, and he was got very drunk, and fain would have been rude with me. But never caring to make my self familiar with any such Fellows; I went out, and he followed me, and thrust me up against the Wall, and there he pull'd out his Pistol, and swore he'd let fly at me, if I would not let him ravish me. The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


