







                     Hugh 
                     Mattison 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving several Books, the Goods of several Persons, knowing them to be stoln
             from 
               
                  William 
                  Bowyer 
               



            , and for stealing which 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Peacock 
               



             was last Sessions Convicted. Thomas Peacock the Prosecutors Journey Man, deposed, that in February last, he and Gelliman another Servant of the Prosecutors, were at the Prisoners House at Supper; where he agreed to send the prisoner several Parcels of Books in Quires. Gelliman deposed, that pursuant to the former agreement, he by Peacocks persuasions and assistance took several Books, then in custody of Mr. Bowyer, and hired a Porter to carry them to the prisoner, in Lincolns Inn Fields where he kept a Stall; that for 4 Books entitled Leges Ang. Sax. value 4 Guineas, the prisoner gave him 16 s. for 7 of Bed. Eccl. Hist. value 30 s. each, he received 2 Guineas and half, for 1 of Bulli Opera Omnia, value 42 s. he received 7 s. 6 d. That in Bedes History, the Sheet L was wanting. which the prisoner desired him to get as soon as possible, because he was going to traffick beyond Sea; that the prisoner bid him not be discourag'd, for let the Quantity or Quality of the Books be ever to great, though he made but a mean Appearance yet he had great Acquaintance, and knew how to dispose them, naming some Persons who bought Books, that were his very good Customers; this Evidence then told him, that he was loth to bring any more openly, upon which the prisoner gave him a Bag. Afterwards hearing that some of the Books were stopt on suspicion, he told the prisoner, who bid him not be frighted, for if any body enquired from whom he had the Books, he would not discover it; but give a description of a wrong Person, which he did. Several of Bede's History in which the Sheet L was wanting were produced in Court, and Sworn to by this Evidence. Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Bowyer 
               



             the Printer depos'd, that on the 20th of April last, Blake with one of Bedes History was sent to him in the Custody of a Constable, by Mr. 
               
                  Jonah 
                  Bowyer 
               



             the Bookseller, he thereupon making search among his Books, mist several mentioned in the Indictment. Mr. Janoh Bowyer deposed, that Blake came to him with a Letter, intimating that he  was sent by a Gentleman who had been his Customer, and hoped he should again be so, but being at present under Misfortunes, desired him to give what he could afford for Leges Ang. Sax. which his Servant brought. Mr. Bowyer bought the Book, but afterwards being in discourse with Mr. Giles and Mr. Innys they both produced Letters to the same Effect, and the same hand Writing. This giving him some suspicion, when Blake came again with Bedes Ecc. Hist. he Apprehended him. 
               
                  William 
                  Blake 
               



             deposed, that the prisoner told him 3 or 4 Months ago, that he had bought a parcel of Books of a Journey man Printer, which he wanted to dispose of quickly, and desired his Assistance; that he carried the Books and Letters to the Booksellers, by the prisoners direction. The prisoner in his defence said, that he bought the Books of a Gentlemen, but said, he was not bred up a Bookseller, and he did not know the Worth of them, and that he gave Peacock what he ask'd; adding that Mr. Bowyer promised to make it up with him, if he'd return the Books, which he did, and Mr. Bowyers Son gave him a Receipt to discharge him. A great Number of Creditable Witnesses from Deptford where he formerly liv'd, gave him the general Character of an honest and Industrious Man. The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


