







                     Joseph 
                     Cusy , alias 
Mackecky




               
            , of Stoke Newington


, was indicted for 


               stealing two Cows , each of the Value of 3 l. 3. s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lloyd 
                  




                
            , on the 4th of October
.


                  Thomas 
                  Thomson 
               



             thus deposed: I went into the Fields to look after my Master's Cattle; and not finding the two Cows, I told my Master of it; and afterwards hearing that this Man was taken up upon Suspicion of Cow-stealing, we went and accused him of it, and he confess'd the same.


                  Thomas 
                  Sleath 
               



             thus deposed: Between five and six on Monday Morning, the Prisoner brought two Cows to me in Smithfield. He said they were his Master Barns's at Totenham, and desired me to sell them for him. I sold them accordingly: and after Market, he came to me at an Alehouse to take the Money. I would have sold them myself, says he, but that I did not care to be seen in the Market, for fear 
               
                  William 
                  Smith 
               



             should have arrested me. This gave me a little Suspicion of the Fellow; and so before I paid him, I stept over to my Father and ask'd his Advice. I'll be hang'd, says he, if this is not the Man that stole the other two Cows that were sold to 
               
                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . Whereupon I sent for Smith, and as soon as the Prisoner saw him, he ran away; but he was taken again next Week, and confess'd that himself and 
               
                  Collin 
                  Luff 
               



             stole the Cows of Mr. Lloyd. 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
