








                  William 
                  Page 
               



            , of S. Bride's


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Silver Watch, Value 5 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barton 
                        



Esq
; and 2 other Watches, Value 10 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        Tho 
                        Martin 
                     



                    in the shop of 
                     
                        Tho 
                        Martin 
                     



, on the 5th of Sept

. last. Tho. Martin Watchmaker
 in Fleet-street



 depos'd that about 8 at Night he left his Boy at Work in the Shop; but returning soon after, found his Sash broke, 3 Watches taken away, and a Gimblet sticking in the Door-Post, to which it appeared the Knocker had been ty'd to prevent a Pursuit.
The Boy depos'd that between 8 and 9, 
               
                  Jack 
                  Sheppard 
               



             and the Prisoner came by the Shop Window, and bad him stick up his Tools, and not use his Master to such ill Habits of working so late. They went away, came by again, and repeated the same, and so past to and fro several times. The last time they came together, he pulled out the Drawer to look for something; and they thinking he was going to put his Tools up, one of them said, Well done, my Lad, now I like you. Upon which they seemed to part, and in a few Minutes after, Sheppard dash'd his Hand thro the Glass, and snatched away 3 Watches. He (this Evidence) went to run after him, but could not open the Door, it being fasted on the Outside. 


               Guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10.d.
            



               Transportation
            .
William Page was a 2d time indicted, for that 


               whereas John Sheppard, of the Savoy, was on Wednesday the 12th of Aug. last indicted at Justice-Hall in the Old-Baily, for breaking and entering the House of 
                     
                        William 
                        Kneebone 
                     



                  , and feloniously taking from thence 108 Yards of Woollen Cloth, 2 Silver Spoons, and several other Goods, on the 12th of June last, and was then and there convicted of the same; and the said John Sheppard afterwards flying from Justice, he the said William Page, well knowing the said John Sheppard to be convicted as aforesaid, did notwithstanding, on the 10th of Sept

. last, receive, comfort, and harbour the said John Sheppard
            . It appeared that after Sheppard's first Escape from Newgate, several of the Keepers, Mr. Rouse, Mr. Langly, Mr. Alston, Mr. Ireton, and others, 3 in a Coach, and as many on Horseback, rode to Finchly in pursuit of him, they having heard that he had been seen thereabouts, in Company with the Prisoner, (who was a Clare-Market Butcher) that they were both dressed in Butchers Frocks. Mr. Langly coming upon Finchly Common, quickly spy'd the Prisoner and Sheppard together; and they perceiving him, struck off into the Fields. Upon which he quitted his Horse, and ran after them, and took the Prisoner, and searching him, found a Chissel in his Pocket. Mr. Alston leaped his Horse over a Style, and rid after Sheppard, who ran round a Farm-House, and at last hid himself in a Barn, where, after some Search, Mr. Alston took him, and found under his Armpits 2 of the Watches that he (Sheppard) in Company with the Prisoner, snatched out of Mr. Martin's Shop. The Prisoner confes'd to them, that he had kept Sheppard Company ever since he broke out of Newgate. That Ireland, who was one that assisted Shepard in getting out of the Condemn'd-Hold, and who has since absconded himself, told him that Sheppard was at the Paul's Head in Spittle-Fields. He (the Prisoner) went thither to see him, and there they agreed to go to a Relation of the Prisoner's who lived at Wandham beyond Woburn. They went together, staid there a Week, then came back to London; and hearing that a Reward was offered for taking Sheppard, they retreated to Finchly. Mr. Ireton depos'd, that he lost his Handkerchief the same Night that Mr. Martin lost his Watches, and seeing the Prisoner near him, he charged him with it. The Prisoner said he knew nothing of the Handkerchief, but if he wanted Jack Sheppard, he was but just gone before. He went the Way that the Prisoner directed him, but could not find Sheppard, for Sheppard (as he since heard) hid himself at that time under a Coach in the Street. 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
