







                     Elizabeth 
                     Lyon , alias 
Sheppard, alias 
Edgworth Bess




               
            , (Relict, of the memorable 
               
                  Jack 
                  Sheppard 
               



            ) was indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Bury 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing 6 Silver Spoons, a pair of Silver Tongs, a Silver Strainer, a Gown, and a Handkerchief, on the 31st of January
, in the Night
            .


                  Ann 
                  Bury 
               



             thus depos'd. My Husband is a Hog-Butcher
, and our House is in Clerkenwell


. On Monday Morning I went out very early to Market, and when I return'd I found my Window open, which I think I left fast shut, tho' indeed there was a pane of Glass broke out of it. I presently mist the Goods, and suspected 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            , who had workt at the Trade for my Husband, but had been gone away about 2 Weeks, and we heard he kept Company with the Prisoner; we went to her House, and found him, and here he is. I found my Handkerchief upon 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Seymour 
               



            , who says she had it from the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Smith 
               



             thus depos'd. I was drinking with the Prisoner in White-Cross-street, and she perswaded me to rob my Masters House, and said she'd go with me, and put me in the Way. So I was drunk and we went togegether. Twas between 4 and 5 in the Morning. There was a Cart standing under my Mistresses Window. I got into the Cart and taking hold of the Casement, I found that it only stood a jar, and so got in, and gave the Goods out to her.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Seymour 
               



             thus depos'd. This Handkerchief I had of the Prisoner. - I sell a Dram of Gin now and then, in Peter's lane, behind Hicks's-Hall. About 5 a Clock that Morning as Mrs. Bury was robb'd, the Prisoner and Smith knockt me up. She call'd for a Dram, and pulling out half a Dozen Tea Spoons, she kist them, and said, These were left me by my Dear, John Sheppard, and I have just fetcht them out of Pawn.
The Prisoner in her Defence said that Smith pickt her up in the Street, and gave her these Spoons to lye with her; and truly she thought she might as well earn them that Way herself, as to let another do it. 

               Guilty of Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


