








                  Joseph 
                  Allen , alias 
Biggs




            , of the Parish of St. Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing four China Curtains, value 3 l. and other Goods, value 3 l. in the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rudkins 
                        



, the 18th of February

. The Prosecutor's Wife depos'd, that the Prisoner, with another, took Lodgings of her the 8th of January, pretending to be Sons of a Country Malster that came to London about an Estate of 60 l. per Annum. The next Morning they went away, and the Prisoner look'd something bulky. Upon missing the Goods she apply'd her self to 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Wild 
               



            , and he procur'd him to be apprehended. Another Evidence depos'd, The prisoner own'd he had sold the Goods for 42 s. to one 
               
                  John 
                  Knolls 
               



            , at Horsly Down. 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Wild 
               



             depos'd, He was employ'd to take the Prisoner. He sent the Prosecutor to him in the Compter, and she said the Prisoner was the Man that had robb'd her. The Prisoner, however, deny'd the Fact, or his ever having made any Acknowledgment. The Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. and 10 d.
            



               Transportation
            .
He was indicted a third Time for 


               privately stealing two pair of Curtains, value 5 s. and other Goods, in the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Blackham 
                        



, the 3d of January

 last. The Prosecutor depos'd, That the Prisoner came to lodge at her House the 3d of January, and the next Morning they went out and appear'd very bulky; and not coming home that Night, the next Morning she looking thro' the Key-hole, and missing the Curtains, she broke open the Door, and found the Things to be missing. The Prisoner deny'd the Fact, and said, That there was a Person like him that does such Crimes, whose Sister he had the Misfortune to marry, and so he was taken for that Person. But the Fact being plainly prov'd, the Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. and 10 d.
            



               Transportation
            .
