










                     Thomas 
                     Gripp 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  John 
                  Hill 
               



             , of the Parish of St. Giles's in the Fields



, were indicted for 


               stealing 13 Shillings in Money, a pair of Silver Buckles, value 3 Shillings, a Linnen Table-cloath, value 3 Shillings
            ; the Money and Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Audley 
                  



                
            , Jan. 2

. They were a second Time indicted for 


               stealing a Sarsnet Hood, value 12 d. a Handkerchief, value 10 d. and other Things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Susanna 
                     Legget 
                  



                
            , Jan. 1

.


                  Mary 
                  Audley 
               



             thus depos'd. I keep a Chandlers Shop in St. Giles's



, and on the 2d. of January the Prisoners and 
               
                  John 
                  Dukes 
               



             came to my Shop and offered a Sarsnet-Hood and a Handkerchief to Sale, and while I was bargaining with Gripp for the Hood and Handkerchief, Hill and Dukes went into my Room backward, and called for a Quartern of Gin, and when the Prisoners were gone I mist the Money and Goods mentioned in the Indictment; upon which I caused the Prisoners to be apprehended, and John Hill confessed where he had pawned the Table-Cloth.


                  John 
                  Dukes 
               



             thus depos'd. On Saturday was Fortnight I went to carry out some Drink, and as I returned home I found the Sarsnet-Hood and a Handkerchief in Vine-street, and I shewed them to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gripp 
               



            , and asked him what I should do with them, he said I might sell them to Mrs. Audley; so on Monday Night I went with the Prisoners to Mrs. Audley, and gave the Goods to Gripp to dispose of; and while he was bargaining with Mrs. Audley, Hill and I went into the Room backwards and drank a Quartern of Gin, and Hill gets up while they were busy forwards, and pulls out a Drawer, takes out a little Key and unlocks the Drawer where the Money was, and takes it and put it into his Pocket: Upon which, I asked him how he came to know where the Money was, he answered, that he had been drinking there a little before, and Andley wanted some Money and he see him take it out of that Drawer, and put the Key into the other; and that when Gripp came backwards to them, Hill sent him forwards again to buy some Herrings, and whilst Gripp was buying the Herrings, Hill stole the Table-Cloth, but could not perceive that Gripp knew any Thing of the Matter from any Conversation they had afterwards. The Jury 

               acquitted
             Gripp, and found Hill 

               guilty
             of the first Indictment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


