







                     Anne 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles's without Cripplegate


, was indicted for 


               breaking the House of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Coe 
                        




                      
                  , on the 3d of May
 last, in the Day-time, and taking thence two Gowns, two Petticoats, a Hat, two Penknives, a Box-Iron and Heaters, a Suit of Head-Cloaths, a Pair of Ruffles, a Fire-Shovel, Poker, Tongs, and several other Goods
            , the Property of Thomas Coe aforesaid.


                  Mary 
                  Coe 
               



             depos'd, That she being a poor Washerwoman went out on the Day they were robb'd, to do half a Day's Work, and coming home at two in the Afternoon, found her Chamber-Door broke all to Pieces, and all their Goods gone that could conveniently be carried away; upon which, complaining in the Neighbourhood of her Misfortune, she learn'd, That a Woman had been seen to come out of her House with two Bundles, and a Frying-Pan in her Hand; that she went with other Neighbours to Rag-Fair, and was no sooner got there, but they heard a Woman crying, Who will buy a Frying-Pan, a Pair of Tongs, or a Poker; and going to see them, found them to be those stolen out of her House; upon which they seiz'd the Woman in whose Custody they were, and she brought out the Prisoner, of whom she had them; and that when the Prisoner was taken, she had a Gown in her Lap, which was the Prosecutor's, and taken out of her House with the other Goods.


                  Sarah 
                  Hews 
               



             depos'd, That she saw the Prisoner come loaded out of the Prosecutor's House, and that she was present when she was taken with the Prosecutor's Gown in her Lap.
She said in her Defence, That she bought the Goods of Mrs. Coe, the Prosecutor, for 4s. that Day, about 12 a-Clock; but it appearing, that Mrs. Coe did not come home till Two or Three, and that nothing could be more ridiculous, than that the Prosecutor should take up a Woman for stealing Goods which she herself had sold, besides her saying she bought the Goods for four Shillings, which were worth above forty, did but confirm the Evidence against her; but her breaking open the House not appearing plain, she was acquitted of that, and found 


               guilty of Felony only, to the value of 4s. and 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


