







                  Elizabeth, Wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Bushel 
                     







            , of the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Silver Tankard, value 5 l. and some other Goods, and Money, in the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           Timothy 
                           Collins 
                        




, the 17th of November
 last. The Prosecutor depos'd, That the Prisoner and her Husband lodging in his House, she pretended that her Husband and she had had some Difference, and therefore depos'd him to let her be in his Room, for fear of being murder'd by her Husband; that he did give her leave, and went to Bed, and in the interim, he being asleep, his Servant stopp'd her with the Tankard and Money. The Prosecutor's Servant depos'd, That she being call'd up when her Master was in the Bed, she met the Prisoner coming down Stairs, with the Tankard and Money in a Trunk, and the Keys in her Pocket, and said she would carry it away, for that the Prosecutor had given it her. The Watchman depos'd, that he being call'd, found the Trunk by her which she had brought down, in which was the Tankard, and that she said the Prosecutor had given it her. Another Watchman depos'd, That after she was brought to the Watch-House, she was search'd, tho' she said she had no Money, they found 9 s. and half Pence. &c. about her. The Prisoner pleaded, That the Prosecutor having pretended to lose a Sauce Pan, he made them pay 5 s. for the Sauce Pan, which occasioning some difference between her and her Husband, he bid her go into his Room and sleep in the Great Chair; and that the Prosecutor came in and began to be rude with her, would have her come to Bed, and threw some Money into her Bosom, but as to the Trunk and the Tankard, &c. she knew nothing of them, and she had not meddled with them. The Jury considering the Matter found her 


               guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            



               Transportation
            .
