







                     Jane 
                     Wheatley 
                  



               
             of St. Giles without Cripplegate


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 5 Silver Spurs, the Goods of Four several Persons, in the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        Mr. 
                        Waterson 
                     



, on the 21st of June
 last. 
               
                  Mr. 
                  Waterson 
               



             deposed, that he keeps Livery Stables in Finsbury


, and that the Prisoner Nurst his Child, and while he was out, brought it home to see them; that when he came Home he mist 5 Spurs, whereupon he went to a Goldsmith's at Cripplegate, where he found 2 of them, and the Goldsmith's Wife said, that she bought them of such a Person, describing the Prisoner; that when he took her up she confest the Fact, and said that she had sold another of them to a Goldsmith near the Monument for 10 s. and threw the other pair into the Thames, having first offer'd them to sale, but the Goldsmith refused to buy them because there was Iron among them; that he found that sold near the Monument by her Direction. The 3 that were found again were odd Spurs belonging to 3 several Gentlemen, and that he knew them again by comparing them with their Fellows. The Goldsmith's Wife  near Cripplegate deposed, that she bought 2 of the Spurs of the Prisoner, and gave her 18 s. and 6d. for them, who told her she was employ'd to sell them for a Young Spark for some present Money, who (she thought) had no occasion to keep a Horse. Her Confession before the Justice, signed by her, wherein she owned the Fact, was read in Court. The Prisoner denied that she knew any thing of the Matter, and said she did not know what she did before the Justice, and called several to her Reputation. The Jury considering the matter, brought her in 


               Guilty to the value of 28 s. 6 d.
            



               Transportation
            .
