







                  William 
                  Mosley 
               



             of St. Martins in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing in the Shop of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Dumeny 
                        




                      
                  , a Pair of Silk Stockings, value 4 l. 16 s.
             the Goods of Michael Dumeny, on the 16 of May




                  Michael 
                  Dumeny 
               



             thus depos'd. I keep a Hosiers Shop
 near the Bear Tavern in York Buildings


.I went out of Town on Sunday after Dinner, and I knew the Stockings were then in the Shop, but when I came home on Tuesday Evening, I mist them, and asked my Wife if she had sold them, she said no; - My Maid went to enquire after them at some Pawn brokers, and found them at Mr. Hodderds, In 2 or 3 Days after, I accidentally met the Prisoner, and 2 more with him near Northumberland House; I knew him very well, for he had been intimate at my House. And so your Servant, Sir, says he, I understand that you lay Felony to my Charge. Yes I do, says I, and now I'll secure ye, and with that I laid hold of him, and call'd for the Watch, but he struggled hard and broke loose, and run away, but I pursu'd him with a Cry of stop Thief, and he was taken in Spring Garden.


                  James 
                  Web 
               



             thus depos'd. I was in a Coffee-house at Charing Cross, and hearing a Cry of stop Thief, I stept out and saw the Prisoner running and several pursuing; I follow'd and saw a Man trip up his Heels in Spring Garden; - When he was taken, he said it was only a Fit of Jealousie, and told us that his name was Mosely, alias this, and alias that, and alias t'other but I have forgot what.
Mr. Hoddard thus depos'd. The Prisoner pawn'd 6 Pair of Silk Stockings to me for 45 s. and the next Day the Prosecutors Maid came and desired me to stop such Goods, if they were offer'd, I bade her tell her Master that I had taken in such Goods already. He came and own'd them.
The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he bought the Stockings of the Prosecutors Wife, who trusted him for the Money. Mrs. Dumeny was then call'd in and depos'd, that she never sold him any Stockings at all, and that he never had any from her upon any Account.
Then the Prisoner called his Witnesses.


                  Ann 
                  Evans 
               



             thus depos'd. I am Servant a Mr. Ellinbarkers a Stay Maker, in Hart Street Covent Garden, and the Prisoner was a Lodger in our House Last Sunday Morning was Seven-night, Mr. Dumeny call'd at our House and call'd the Prisoner up and they went out together, the Prisoner being in his Gown and Slippers. - In the Afternoon a Gentleman enquir'd for the Prisoner, and went to see for him at Mr. Dumeny's, and there I found him in Company with Mrs. Dumeny, but her Husband was gone out of Town as I heard - The Prisoner bade me give this Service to the Gentleman that sent for him, and tell him, that he was engaged at present, but would wait upon him on Monday Morning. The Prisoner did not come home that Night, and I wondred at it, and went to see for him next Morning, and Mrs. Dumeny told me, that he was a Bed, and had not been very well; - He sent word for me to fetch his Coat and clean Linnen, which I did, and when I brought them, he was at breakfast with Mrs. Dumeny. He came home in the Afternoon and sent me to Mrs. Dumenys, for his Gown and foul Shirt. I went to Mrs. Dumeny and she gave them to me, and then ask'd if the Prisoner was at home. Yes Madam says I, - Pray them says she give my Service to him, and deliver this Parcel of Silk Stockings, there are six Pair. - It was a flat square Parcel, and there was writ upon it, Scarlet, Grey, and white Mens Stockings.


                  Jonathan 
                  Yates 
               



             depos'd. That he had known the Prisoner from a Child in Ireland, that his Father was a Barrack Master there, a Place worth about 200 l. a Year, which he afterwards turn'd over to the Prisoner, who married a Woman of a great Fortune. - That Mrs. Dumeny was no better than an Orange Woman at the Play-house.


                  John 
                  Eccleton 
               



             depos'd. That he had known Mrs. Dumeny for about 3 or 4 Years past, and that she was then an Orange Woman, added that he had had the honour of Drinking a Bottle with her, but her name was then Adams. - Several Irish Evidence appear'd in the Prisoner's behalf, but the Jury found him 


               Guilty to the value of 4 s 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


