








                     John 
                     Meakins 
                  



               
             of Isleworth


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 11 Tench value 19 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Perkins 
                  



                
             on the 10th of October

 last. The Prosecutor deposed that his Well-Boat was broke open and the Fish mentioned in the Indictment taken out 
               
                  William 
                  Clarke 
               



             deposed, that his Mistress bought 6 Tench of the Prisoner on the 11th or 12th of October, and that one of them was mark'd on the Head. The Prisoner confes'd the Fact before the Justice, which Confession was read in Court. The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .
He was a second time indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 7 Trusses of Hay
            , the Goods of the 
               
Countess
 of Westmoreland

            . Edward Lawrence deposed that the Ropes which bound the Hay where cut while it lay in the Marshes at Twickenham



, and that he got a Warrant to search, and found the Hay in Mr. Honer's Stable. Mr. Honer deposed, that he met the Prisoner at a Publick House, and agreed with him to serve his Horse and Coult in his absence (he being going into the Country) and order'd his Servant to deliver him the Key of his Stable. His Servant deposed that he deliver'd the said Key to the Prisoner a Fortnight before the Hay was owned. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Honer 
               



             deposed, that he bound up the Hay, and knew it again by the particular make of the Bands, and the Colour of the Hay it being bright and Brown (some Mow-burnt) mix'd together John Ivans and 
               
                  James 
                  Ivans 
               



             deposed, that they saw the Prisoner going with two Trusses of Hay on his Back from the Marshes. The Jury found him 

               Guilty
             of this Indictment also, 


               Transportation
            .
