








                     Thomas 
                     Baker 
                  



               
            , of St. Mary Hill


, was indicted for 


               feloniously taking 250 lb. of Sugar
            , the Goods of Persons unknown, the 9th of March

 last; but 


               it coming out in the Course of the Evidence that it was the Goods of Thomas Beckford, he was acquitted 
             of this Indictment, and indicted for 


               stealing the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Beckford 
                        





                      
                  , in the Warehouse of 
                     
                        William 
                        Packer 
                     



. It appear'd by the Evidence, that the Sugar was lost out of a Hogshead in Mr. Beckford's Warehouse, which had been broken open.


                  John 
                  Pemberton 
               



             depos'd, That he being employ'd as a Watchman, saw the Prisoner between 11 and 12 a-Clock at Night with a Bag under his Arm; he ask'd him what it was? he answer'd, What was that to him; whereupon he seiz'd him, to carry him to the Watch-House, and by the Way the Prisoner gave him the Bag of Sugar he had under his Arm, and 17 d. halfpenny, to let him go, and did get away from him, but calling out Stop Thief, he was stopp'd and secur'd.
It was likewise depos'd, That a Coach standing over-against the Monument at the Time of the Prisoner's running away, the Coachman call'd out, saying, He believ'd he had got Thieves in his Coach; and thereupon the Coach being search'd, they found therein 3 large Bags of Sugar.
The Constable depos'd, That he examining the Prisoner, and encouraging him with his being made an Evidence, he confess'd the Fact, that he had it at Mr. Beckford's Warehouse, and that others were concern'd with him, and that they had but a few Days before sold about 250 lb. to one in Bird-Cage-Alley in Southwark; that they search'd there, and found such a Quantity of Sugar that answer'd to the Sample; however, the Prisoner denied the Fact at the Bar. The Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


