









                     Daniel 
                     Jones 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Beau 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  Katharine 
                  Pars  alias 
Smith




            ; of St. Margaret in Westminster




, were indicted, Jones and Beau for 


               privately stealing 3 Silver Snuff-Boxes, value 3 l. in the Shop of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Crags 
                        



; and Katharine Smith, (together with 
               
                  Roberts
                   Pars alias 
                  
Smith




            , her Husband not yet taken) for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stole
            . It appeared that Jones and Bean with 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Askew 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Howard 
               



             came to the Prosecutor's Shop-Window; that Jones thrust his Hand into the Glass and took the Goods and gave them to Elizabeth Askew to carry to Smith to sell; that Katharine Smith received the Goods of her, and her Husband paid the Money; that the Children were disguised next Day and sent again, and ordered that if they could get nothing there, to go into the Market, and bring home a Fowl or two; that Smith keeps 3 Children of her own, and 4 others on purpose to go a Thieving. Their Confession before the Justice was read in Court, wherein Jones confest he  stole the Boxes, and Beau that he had 5 s. of the Money from 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



            , but was got present at the stealing of them. Katherine Smith in her Defence said, that she never had them, and could not help what her Husband did; but Askew deposed positively that she received them of her first of all, put them into her Pocket Apron, then gave them to her Husband, saying she could not dispose of them for fear of being taken up. The Jury considering the whole matter, 

               acquitted
             Beau, and found Jones 


               Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
             and Katharine Pars alias Smith 

               Guilty
             of the Indictment. 



               Transportation
             both.
