








                     Mary 
                     Mukes 
                  



                
            , of the Parish of St. John's Wapping



, was indicted, for that she, with 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Dennis 
                  



                
             and another Person, did 


               rob 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Estwick 
                        




                      
                   on the Highway, of 3 Guineas, a Half Guinea, and four Pounds in Money
            , between 7 and 8 o'Clock in the Evening. Jan. 2
.


                  Isaac 
                  Estwick 
               



             thus depos'd. Between 7 and 8 o'Clock on Monday Night on the 2d of January, as I was going along Nightingale-Lane


, a Woman was standing at a Door and asked me to come in, I not being willing, she took me by the Cholar and pull'd me into the Shop; I had two of my Acquaintance with me, which they beat and turned out of the House, and then bolted the Door; when they were gone, the Prisoner and Jane Dennis , and another Person seized me and pulled me down with such Violence that I shriek'd out, begg'd they would spare my Life, I felt my Money taken away, for it was in a Bag altogether, but was so frighted that I can't say which of them took it; the Prisoner and Jane Dennis went away, and left only a Woman in the House with me; I would have got away, but could not till my Friends came back and got the Door open.


                  Anthony 
                  Carrel 
               



             thus depos'd. Going along Nightingale-Lane Jane Dennis was standing at a Door, (it was a Gin Shop) and I asked her if she would give me any Thing, and went in, my Cousin Estwick came up, but was not willing to come in, but 
               
                  Jane 
                  Dennis 
               



             would not let him pass the Door, but laid hold of him and pull'd him in by Force, and after we had drank some of their Liquors, I would have had my Cousin come away, but they said he should not, and took up a Poker and beat one that was with me, and he went away I would have had my Cousin come away, but he said he knew his own Time, and would go by and by; and afterwards when he would have come away they would not let him, but pull'd him by the Coat, and said he should stay there; indeed he had not informed us what Money he had about him, so I went out, and when I came back again he said he was robbed of Seven Pounds fifteen Shillings.
The Prisoner in her Defence said. That she knew nothing of his Money, nor see any of it, excepting 18 Pence which he paid her for Liquors; and called one 
               
                  Edward 
                  Johnson 
               



            , who being sworn, said, That he came into this House about 9 o'Clock that Evening, and found the Prosecutor there who told him that there had been a Quarrel, and he had lost Seven Pounds fifteen Shillings, but he did not charge it on the Women that were there, but said it was two Men that were with him, who were his Evidence next Morning. The Jury found her 

               guilty
             of Felony.


                  Jane 
                  Dennis 
               



            , (who had been admitted to Bail, surrended herself some Hours after this Trial was over) and was indicted in the like Manner; and the same Evidence being produced against her as against the former Prisoner; the Jury found her 

               Guilty
             of Felony.





[Transportation. See summary.]


