







                  Littleton 
                  Pew 
               



            , of St. Bennet Paul's Wharf


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Brass potlid, value 12 d. and 2 Gallons of Brandy, value 14 s.
             on the 5th of April
 last, the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Causeway 
                  




                
            .
The Prosecutor depos'd, That she going to move into the Country, employ'd the prisoner as a Porter
, to carry some of her Goods, and missing several Things, she made strict Enquiry after them, and found the Goods mentioned in the Indictment on the prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Keebit 
               



             depos'd, That she heard him own he took the Brandy.


                  Francis 
                  Lambridge 
               



             depos'd; That he saw the prisoner in a Barge with the Bottle of Brandy, and asked how he came by it; upon which the prisoner endeavoured to get away, but this Deponent seized him on suspicion, and he then confes'd he stole it.


                  Thomas 
                  Varney 
               



             depos'd, That he saw the prisoner when he was first taken, and heard him own the Fact, and offer to make Satisfaction.


                  Margaret 
                  Bickerton 
               



             depos'd, That the prisoner had married her Servant Maid, and to the best of her Knowledge had behaved him self very honestly, that when he was taken and carried to the Counter, his Wife came to this Deponent, and desired she would appear in his Behalf, saying, he had got into the Hands of a litigious Woman, who had neither Justice nor Mercy: Upon which Mrs. Bickerton went to the prosecutor, and made enquiry into the Circumstance; at which Time the prosecutor said, if the prisoner would give her twenty pounds she would not prosecute, afterwards she came down to ten, but they was interrupted in making the Bargain, by the coming in of a Lawyer, who told the prosecutor, she knew not what she did by talking with this Deponent, for she was too cunning for her.


                  George 
                  Turner 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Griffith 
               



            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Humphreys 
               



            , 
               
                  David 
                  Williams 
               



            , 
               
                  Morgan 
                  Roberts 
               



            , and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Parker 
               



            , severally depos'd, That they had known the prisoner some Years, to be a careful, industrious, honest Man: But as a Character cannot overthrow plain Evidence of Guilt, he was found 


               guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


