










                     Robert 
                     Betty 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hambleton , alias 
Hammond




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing three Hundred Weight of Logwood, Value 30 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dovy 
                  



                
            , the 8th of February

 last. It appeared by the Evidence of the Prosecutor, that a great Quantity of Logwood lay upon Porters-Key



, &c. and there was three Hundred Weight of it wanting. 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Aldersey 
               



             depos'd, That he working upon the Keys as a Labourer

, with the Prisoners, they carried off about three Hundred Weight of Logwood, and laid in Tower Ditch, and the next Morning early, carried it away, and sold it at Times, to a Dyer, in Fashion Street, in Brick-Lane, for 5 s. a Hundred Weight. The Watchman depos'd, That he saw several Persons loitering about the Logwood, at an unseasonable Time, that he heard the Logwood rattle, he went and stopped one of them, but he got away, and he believes it was Aldersey, and there was afterwards three Hundred Weight of it missing. Betty had confessed before the Justice, That he and the Evidence Aldersey had taken about 70 l. of Logwood out of the Mud, at Wiggen's-Key, and sold it for 5 s. Betty own'd that he sold 70 l. of Logwood out of the Mud, which he suppos'd had fallen out of the Scale in Weighing, and had lain there several Days. Hambleton own'd nothing, but that he was employ'd to carry it. The Jury found them both 


               guilty, to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            




               Transportation
            .
They were also indicted a second Time, some for 


               privately stealing of Tallow, in the Shop of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Cooper 
                     



, the 8th of February

 last. Joseph Cooper depos'd, He had a Basket of Tallow that stood in his Shop, and it was stolen away about Eight of the Clock at Night. Stephen Aldersey sent him an Account of it, that he and others stole it: That he went to Betty in the Compter, and having spoken to him of Tallow, he own'd, that there was Tallow that he had found. Stephen Aldersey depos'd, That the two Prisoners took Tallow off the Shop Window of the Prosecutor, and sold it to one Mr. Pitts, a Tallow Chandler at St. Catherines. Betty own'd a Letter to Mr. Pitts, wherein he mentions a Person having said he had sold Tallow to him. The Jury found them both 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            




               Transportation
            .
