







                  Timothy 
                  Robinson 
               



            , of St. Mary Woolnoth


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Guinea and 2 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Bell 
                  




Esq
; the 4th of August
 last. Col.
 Bell, Comptroller of the Post-Office
 depos'd, that the Postmaster-General having had several Complaints made to him concerning Money, Rings, &c. being inclos'd and sent in Letters, having been lost, he was order'd, if possible, to find out the Persons who were guilty of such Practices, and thereupon laid the following Scheme in order to come at a full Discovery, viz. He order'd Mr. Sawtell one of the Officers, to write a Letter directed to Mr. Williams on Board the Ship Cornwall, to be left at the Posthouse, Portsmouth, bidding him write it in as ordinary a Hand as he could; this being done, he put into it a Guinea and 2 s. wrapp'd up in a Piece of Paper, and seal'd the Letter with a Thimble, and then order'd Mr. Dickenson to put it into a Box among other Letters which the Prisoner was to stamp and face that Night: Then he gave Dickerson Orders how to behave in order to detect him. 
               
                  John 
                  Sawted 
               



             depos'd, that he did write the Letter according to Col. Bell's Direction, and saw the Money put in, and the Letter seal'd; and that the Letter then produc'd in Court was the same he had writ. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Dickerson 
               



             depos'd, that he gave the Letter to Mr. Archer, and saw him put it into the Box; and that his Eyes were never off the Box 'till the Prisoner took the Letters out to stamp and face, which being done, the Prisoner went out of the Office; upon which he and Mr. Archer look'd over the Letters, and miss'd that Letter aforesaid; then he went into the Yard, and found the Prisoner, and charg'd him with a Letter that was missing, which he deny'd; but searching him, the Letter and Money was found in a little Pocket between his great Pocket and the outside of his Wastecoat. Mr. Archer depos'd, that Mr. Dickerson being Officer of the Night, gave him the Letter, and he put it into the Box; and that the Prisoner being sent out to get some Pipes, he went and look'd over the Letters, and that Letter was missing; that they went after him, and charg'd him with it, but he deny'd it; that Mr. W. came, and they went into the Comptroller's Room; that there the Prisoner pull'd out his Pockets, but no Letter could be found; but feeling about his Pockets, he felt a Lump, but could not find the Way into it, but said they must cut it out; at last they found a little Opening, but so narrow, that the Letter was doubled up to get it in, Mr. W. depos'd, that on the 4th of August he went into the Inland Office, and Mr. Archer said to Mr. Dickerson, It is not here; that thereupon Dickerson said, the Prisoner had stolen a Letter; that they challang'd him with it, but he deny'd it; that carrying him into the Comptroller's Room, he being search'd, the Letter was found in a Little Pocket between the Pocket and the outward Part of his Wastcoat. The Prisoner in his Defence deny'd the Fact, and that he knew any thing of the Letter being in his Pocket; and as to the private Pocket, he said he had borrow'd the Wastcoat that Morning to wear: His Plea being incredible, the Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


