







                     Joseph 
                     Harrison 
                  



               
            , of St. Ethelburga


, was indicted for 


               breaking open the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Creech 
                        




                      
                  , in the Night time, and feloniously taking thence 6 pieces of China and 2 pieces of Tiking, the Goods of the said 
                     
                        James 
                        Creech 
                     



, on the 15th of November
 last. The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner was his Servant
, and that he had turn'd him off about a Fortnight before; that his Servant brought the Key up over Night, and told him all was fast, and that when he came down Stairs in the Morning (about 8 or 9 a Clock) he mist the Goods off the Shelf; that suspecting the Prisoner he immediately got a Warrant, and  found all the China, and one of the Pieces of Tiking hid at length in the Prisoner's Bed, he having ript his own Bed to put them into it. 
               
                  John 
                  Phillips 
               



             confirmed the finding the Goods in the Prisoner's Bed as aforesaid, Mr.Jones confirmed, the same, and farther deposed, that the Prisoner when he took him denied that he broke open the Door, saying that he went in at the Cellar Door, having taken away the Key of it beforehand; and in expectation of Favour told them where he had pawn'd the other piece of Tiking to a poor Woman, which they found accordingly. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Price 
               



             deposed, that the Prisoner brought a piece of Tiking to her, and desired her to pawn in for 30 s. for him, but the Broker would lend no more than 15 s. which he consented to take; but she being unwilling to go back again and having sav'd up so much to buy her Husband a Frock, let the Prisoner have it upon the Tiking. The Prisoner denied the stealing the Goods, and said that a Man brought them to him. 


               The Evidence not being sufficient to fix the Burglary upon him, the Jury Acquitted him of that, and found him Guilty of the Felony only
            . 


               Transportation
            .
