







                     Ann 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 6 Guineas
            , the Money of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Slaughter 
                  




                
            , June 25
.


                  William 
                  Slaughter 
               



             thus depos'd I laid my self down on the Bed to rest me; I dont remember I pull'd my Breeches off, or any of my Cloaths, but when I was asleep the Prisoner came to Bed to me. When I waked in the Morning I mist 6 Guineas, and charged her with taking it, but she deny'd it till the Afternoon, when I brought her before a Constable, who found it in her Stays, and then truly she said, as how she intended to give it me again, and only kept it till she had seen me safe home, for fear somebody should pick my Pocket.
Mr. Guy the Constable thus depos'd. I was sent for to an Ale-house at the Old Swan-Stairs


, and I found the Prosecutor and Prisoner who were pretty well infor't. He told me that they had been all Night on Board the Folly, and that she had pick'd his Pocket of 6 Guineas. She at first deny'd the having any Money about her, but when I threaten'd to have her stript and searched, she confest that she had 6 Guineas about her, which she found in the Bed where the Prisoner lay with her, but said that he being drunk, she took it only with a Design to take care of it for him, till he got safe home, for fear he should fall into ill Company and lose it.
The Prisoner thus made her Defence. I went to turn up the Bed where the Prisoner lay, and I found the 6 Guineas, he said were his: but I told him that that was more than I knew, for the Man that kept the Folly had been lying upon the same Bed himself just before, and they might belong to him, and therefore, says I, you shall swear'em to be yours before you shall have 'em. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


