







                     Elizabeth 
                     Morris , alias 
Mary Tipping




               
            , of S. Giles's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing three Smocks value 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Penny 
               




             , on the 17th of November
 last. John Penny, Constable
, depos'd, that between One and Two in the Morning, the Prisoner was brought to him at the Watch-house, with a Bundle and a Box, and said that her Husband had beat her, and taken another Woman to Bed, and so she catch'd up those Things to secure them at a Friend's House. He bid her send for somebody to her Reputation, which she did, and two Women came and gave her the Character of an honest Woman, and that they believed the Goods were her own. However, he carry'd her and her two Friends before the Justice, who finding nothing proved against her, discharged her. They then went to drink together, and afterwards came to his House, where she sent for three Quarts of Twopenny to treat him and her two Friends. While they were drinking, he was call'd out, and at his Return found her at Dinner with his Wife. Mrs. Penny deposed, that after her Husband was gone, a Neighbour came in, who having some Knowledge of the Prisoner, fell into Discourse with her; but in a little time the Prisoner appear'd to be very drunk, and tumbled out of the Chair; she rais'd her again, carried her up Stairs, laid her upon the Bed, and very considerately set a Chamber-Pot by her, for fear she might have Occasion to make Water. This done, she left her, and in about half an Hour after, thinking she heard her rising, went up to see how she did, and found her kneeling on the Bed, with the Chamber-Pot betwixt her Legs. She seem'd to be a little recover'd, and upon Persuasion came down to Dinner, and after Dinner went away. Next day this Evidence miss'd her Linnen, and suspecting the Prisoner, enquired after her of the Neighbour that accidentally met with her the day before; by which means she found her, charged her with the Felony, and had her before Justice Kirby, to whom she confess'd that she stole the Goods, part of which were found upon her, and the rest at Pawn. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that the Prosecutor's Daughter came up Stairs, and beg'd her to pawn those three Smocks for her, and bring her the Money. She pawn'd them accordingly, and intended to bring her the Money next day; but being very busy, was prevented. It appear'd very unlikely that the Prosecutor's Daughter should, on such a short Acquaintance, put so much Confidence in the Prisoner, especially when she saw her in such ill Circumstances. The Jury found her 

               guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
