







                     James 
                     Steward 
                  



               
            , of Aldgate


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard, val.5l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Walden 
                  




                
            , on the 19th of March
 last.



                  John 
                  Leaper 
               



             thus depos'd: On the 19th of March, the Prisoner offer'd to sell me a Tankard, which he said he bought at Newcastle three Weeks ago; tho' I afterwards heard that it had not been lost above one Week. I had formerly, by means of an Advertsement, stop a Tankard that was stolen from Mr. Walden, at the Three Tuns in Portsmouth; and finding the Initial Letters of his Name upon this that the Prisoner had, I suspected that it came from the same Place. I question'd the Prisoner about it. He told me it I was uneasy, he would quickly bring some of his Neighbours to his Reputation, for he lived but hard-by. In about half an Hour he returned with two Women, who said that he was a very honest Man, and that it was his Business to buy old Silver. This did not satisfy me. I charged a Constable with him, and forthwith wrote to Mr. Walden, advising him that I had stopt a Piece of Plate, but neither mentioned that it was a Tankard, nor what Marks it had. He returned me an Answer the next Post, that he had lost a Tankard of such a Weight, such Marks, and described the suspected Person: All which Particulars agreed with the Prisoner and this Tankard.


                  John 
                  Batchelor 
               



            , Servant to the Prosecutor, thus depos'd: On the 12th of March last, the Prisoner, whom we never saw before, came to my Master's House, called for a Tankard of Beer and a Pipe; he empty'd them both, and went away. Next Morning he came again, drank and smoak'd as before, and went out, and returned in the Afternoon, and called for t'other Tankard and Pipe. Soon after he was gone, we miss'd the Tankard, but never saw after him any more.
The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he bought the Tankard for 2 s. l5 s. on the Road from Portsmouth near Port Down 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
