









                  Thomas and 
                     

                              Anne 
                              Bibby 
                           











            , of St. James's Clerkenwell




, were indicted for 


               stealing 24 Pewter Candle Moulds, value 24 s. 2 Brass Sauce pans, value 4 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Rose 
                  




                
            , December the 2d
.


                  Edmund 
                  Popplewell 
               



             depos'd, That his Master, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Rose 
               



            , lost 24 Candle-Moulds and 2 Brass Sauce-pans that Morning the Fire happen'd.


                  Jacob 
                  Parker 
               



             depos'd, that he had the Moulds of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bibby 
               



            , that he brought them to sell on Tuesday Night, about 8 o'Clock, this Deponent not being well, was in Bed, but the Prisoner prevail'd on his Wife to let him have 2 s. till the next Morning, and when he came again, he charg'd a Constable with him, and going by Mr. Rose's House, they knowing the Prisoner and his Wife, ask'd what was the occasion? the 2 Sauce-pans were found at the Prisoner's House, who said he brought them home to take care of for Mr. Rose, behaving been employ'd by Mr. Rose in helping him to remove his Goods at the time of the Fire.


                  Edmund 
                  Popplewell 
               



             being ask'd (by the Court) how he knew the Molds to be his Masters? he answer'd, by certain Marks they had, and putting them into the Frames, they exactly fitted.
The Prisoner in his Defence said, That he was employ'd by Mr. Rose to assist in saving his Goods at the Fire, and that he took the 2 Sauce-pans home to secure them for Mr. Rose; and the Candle-Moulds he found in Old-street.
It appear'd to the Court by the Evidence of the Prosecutor, that the Prisoner was employ'd by him, to assist in saving his Goods, but no Proof could be given of his finding the Candle Moulds. The Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d.
             and 

               acquitted
             his Wife

.




[Transportation. See summary.]


