









                     John 
                     Blewit 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Layton 
                  



                
            , of St. Martin's in the Fields



, were indicted for 


               breaking the House of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Rogers 
                        




                      
                   in the Night, and stealing two Silver Spoons, 2 Suits of Laced Head-cloths, and other Things
            , November 7

. It appear'd that the Prosecutor was an Apothecary
; Blewit was his Journeyman
 and Layton a Cobler
 that clean'd Shoes for the Family. Between 4 and 5 on Sunday Evening, the Prosecutor went out, and order'd Blewit to carry some Vials of Physick to a Patient at Islington. Blewit went to the Black Lyon Ale-house, known by the Name of Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Follards 
               



            ; from whence he sent Layton with the Physic, who deliver'd it. In the mean Time, a Woman enquiring for Blewit, the Prosecuor's Maid brought her to him at the Ale-house, and left the Key with him; he and the Woman went in together, and shut the Maid out, they staid about half an Hour, and then came out again, and he went to the Ale-house where Layton came to him; when the Prosecutor came Home about 9 at Night, he found that his House had been rob'd. Layton confest, that he and Blewit finding a Ladder, got over the Wall into the Yard, and the Door being open they took away the Goods. Blewit was 

               acquitted
            , and Layton found 

               guilty of Felony
            .
John Blewit was a second Time indicted for 


               stealing a pair of Scales, a Smock, and 5 Pound of Brass Weights
            , the Goods of Richard Rogers, October 2

. It appear'd, that the Prosecutor lost the Goods, but did not suspect the Prisoner, till Vandereikin (who was try'd this Session for another Felony) impeach'd him, upon which he was carried before Mr. Justice Gore; before whom he confest that he took the Scales and Weights and gave them to Vandereikin who pawn'd them; and that he took his Mistresses Smock, and gave it 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Hatch 
               



             (a Woman of the Town) but told her he must have it again in a little Time. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


