







                     Susan 
                     Edwards 
                  



               
            , of S. Bride's


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Watch. val. 35 s. and 5 s. in Money
            , the Goods and Money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Odell 
                  




                
            , on the 4th of March
 last.


                  John 
                  Odell 
               



            , thus depos'd: I had been drinking part of two or three Pints of Wine, besides other Liquors, at Mr. Lewis's, the Bull-Head at Tottenham Court; from whence, about Three in the Afternoon, I came into Shoo-Lane


, where the Prisoner lived. I had seen her several times before; and the last time I was with her, she made me promise to call upon her when I came that Way; and so I was willing to be as good as my Word. When I came in, she was in Company with two or three more Women; but they went away. I felt her Hand about my Breeches, and ask'd if she had a mind to pick my Pocket. We drank Brandy; and I went away at Five o'Clock. I did not miss my Watch till I came to Smithfield; and then I went back and demanded it. She deny'd it, began to call me Names, and was for pushing me out of Doors. I consider'd that it grew late, and that I had eight Miles home to Whetstone; and so I left her for that time. I came again next Saturday, and threatned to fetch a Constable and send her to Newgate; and then she told me, if I'd give her a Guinea, she'd help me to it again; But I would not comply to that, tho' I could not tell what Course to take; for I did not care to tell any body, for fear my Wife should hear of it. So I went home and consider'd of it, and came again next Saturday, and then she took me to the Eagle and Child, where 
               
                  Lewis 
                  Lefevre 
               



            , her pretended Husband, and two or three more Women, came to her; and then she told me that the Watch was in Pawn for a Guinea; and except I would give that, I should never have it. So I was forced to treat 'em, and go without my Watch too, which I was not very well pleas'd withall. Whereupon, I began to think with myself, This wicked Jade puts upon me, because she sees that I am a Man in Tears, and don't much care to have the thing known; but that shan't save her, for I'll tell my Wife of it myself. So home I goes, and tells her that I had committed a great Fault, which I was very sorry for, but I would make her Amends for time to come; and then I let her know the whole Concern. Mrs. Odell thus depos'd; I went with my Husband to the Prisoner, and demanded his Watch. The Prisoner told me it was at Pawn; and if I'd give a Guinea to redeem it, I should have it; but otherwise, not. Upon this Confession, and Refusal, I sent for a Constable, and gave him Charge of her. 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Lewis 
               



             the Constable thus depos'd; I heard the Prisoner own that the Watch was pawn'd, and the Money spent; and as I was going with her to the Justice's, she would needs call in at an Alehouse, where, when we had sat down a little while, a Woman, who was one of her Neighbours, came in with something wrapt in a Paper, and laid it on the Table, and went away again. We open'd the Paper, and found the Prosecutor's Watch. 


               Guilty val. 10d.
            



               Transportation
            .
