







                     Benjamin 
                     Lyon , alias 
Laurence




               
            , of the Parish of Stepney


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Holland Shirt, and a Turnover, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Cole 
                        



                      
                  , and a Handkerchief, value one Shilling, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Sparrow 
                        



, the 29th of April
 last. The Prosecutor depos'd, That the Prisoner came to his House to drink, and also call'd for Meat, which he himself cut, and left the Prisoner at home, while he went to Justice Martin's about Business, and there had Word brought him, that the Prisoner was gone away privately, and without paying his Reckoning, and that there was also Linnen taken out of the Garden, and that as he was going home he met the Prisoner, siezed him, and took the Linnen out of his Pocket. 
               
                  Hester 
                  Sparrow 
               



             depos'd, She had wash'd the Linnen, and hung it out in the Garden, and the Prisoner having gone away privately, without paying his Reckoning, Mrs. Cole went into the Garden and found the Things had been taken away. She added, that the Linnen which was produced in Court, which Mr. Cole took out of his Pocket, was the same she washed and hung in the Garden. The Prisoner own'd his being in the Prosecutor's House, and that he did go away without paying the Reckoning, but said it was because a Friend going by call'd him out, and would have him drink with him, which he did, and that as they were drinking in another House, pull'd out the Linnen, and would have had him pawn it for him, and that as they were going along, the Person from whom he had the Goods, seeing Mr. Cole, ran away, and he having put the Things in his Pocket, Mr. Cole siezed him. The Jury found him 

               guilty
             of the Indictment. 


               Transportation
            .
