







                     Eleanor 
                     Lock 
                  



               
            , of Clerkenwell


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing from 
                     
                        Tho.
                         Miller
                     




                  , a Silver Watch and Chain, value 3 l. 10 s.
             on the 24th of Nov
. last. Tho. Miller deposed, that between Ten and Eleven at Night he met the Prisoner in S. John-Street, and she ask'd him where he was going? He told her to Islington. Tis a long way, (says she) and you had better drink before you go any further, for fear you should faint upon the Road. - Come, my Dear, treat me with a Pint. With all my Heart (says he), but what House shall we go to? - Why, I'll tell you Child, I don't much Care for drinking Beer; but if you'll go to my Landlady's in Butcher's Alley


, we'll have a Quartern of Gin. They agreed, and went together; and going out about half an Hour after, he mist his Watch, but could not imagine which way it could be gone without his perceiving it. He turn'd back, and examin'd the Prisoner; but she denying it, he called a Constable, and search'd her, but no Watch was found. However, before the Justice she confest that she had hid it in a Hole in the Chimney; and being brought back, she shew'd them the Place, and took it out. The Prisoner in her Defence said, that she was a poor old Woman that got her Living by selling Pyes about Street
, and coming Home one Night as soon as she had dispos'd of what she carry'd out, she had not been long sat down, before the Prosecutor came in with a Woman. They went up Stairs together, and in about half an Hour the Man came down and went out; but quickly return'd, and said he had lost his Watch, and tax'd her (the Prisoner) with taking it: He fetcht a Constable, and went into the Chamber to search, and found it upon the Bed. The Jury found her 


               guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            



               Transportation
            .
