








                     James 
                     How 
                  



               
            , of St. Dunstan at Stepney


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Portmanteau Trunk, a Scarlet Cloth Cloak, a Vlevet Hood, Ec.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Linten 
                  



                
            , Esq

; on the 12th of January

 last. But the Evidence not being sufficient the Jury 

               Acquitted
             him.
He was a second time indicted by the Name of James How, of St. Mildred in the Poultry


, for 


               feloniously stealing 181 yards of Tillers, value to 10l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Evans 
                  



                
            , on the 1st of October

 last. It appeared that as Mr. Evans's Servant (a Boy) was carrying a parcel of Tillets to the Inn directed in large Letters for Mr. Ratford, the Prisoner near the New Church in Lombard-Street came up to him and told him that he was very hard loaded, and askt him if those Goods were for Mr. Ratford, and he told him yes; then the Prisoner told him that he knew Mr. Ratford very well, and that he was just come to Town; that he followed him to the George at Stocks Market



, where the Boy rested, and the Prisoner told him that was Mr. Ratford gone by on the other side the way, bid him go after him and tell him he would speak with him, and he would look to his Goods the whilst; the Boy accordingly went, but when he came back the Goods were gone and the Prisoner also, who carried them into Princes-street, there call'd a Porter, who carried them into Bishopsgate-Street, where he took Coach and drove away with them. That sometime after the Prisoner and his Wife went to Mr. Philips with the Goods, telling him that one Mr. King was broke, and he had those Tillers of him for a Debt, and ask'd him if he could help him to a Chap for them; who recommended him to Mr. Marshal, that he sent his Wife with two of them to him, telling him that she was Mr. Hales's Daughter, and the Wife of 
               
                  James 
                  How 
               



            , and that her Husband had those Tillers of a Journeyman Tiller Painter for a Debt; that Mr. Marshal not doubting the Truth of what she said (having been acquainted before by Mr. Philips that there were such Goods to be Sold) bought them; and selling some of them to another Person, he said they were Mr. Evans's Stamp, and enquiring there to know if the had lost such Goods, Mr. Evans's two Boys came and owned them; Whereupon Mr. Marsal with a Constable and some Friends made diligent search after the Prisoner, and found him and his Wife at the Thistle and Crown in the Mint, where after an obstinate Resistance they took him. The Fact was fully proved upon him by many Witnesses, and be confest it to Mr. Marshal when he was in Newgate, desiring him not to appear against him. The Jury thereupon found him 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transportation
            .
