








                     John 
                     Griffiths 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Hardey 
                  



                
            , of St. Dunstan in the East



, were indicted, the former for 


               feloniously stealing 100 Yards of Broad-Cloth, value 45 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Javon 
                        



                      
                  , in the Dwelling-House of the said Daniel Javon
            , on the 9th of February

 last: and Ann Hardey as Accessary in 


               receiving 5 Yards, part thereof, knowing them to be stole
            . The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner was his Servant by the Year; and that he had a great Number of Broad-Cloths brought from Blackwell-Hall, and when the Porters came to take the Returns, 2 Pieces were missing. The Apprentice deposed, that the Prisoner was Journeyman
 to his Master, and cut Cloth there several Times, viz-5 Yards on the 27th of June, 30 Yards on the 25th of September, and 30 Yards on the 9th of February; and that he gave Hardey a Bundle, which were Remnants of Cloth, and not a Frock. Another deposed, that he bought 7 Remnants of the Prisoner for half a Crown a Remnant, 9 Months ago. Another deposed, that the Prisoner offer'd to Sell him a Remnant of Blue Cloth. Another deposed, that the Prisoner and Mr. Hardey falling out, the Prisoner told him, that Hardey was an over-reaching Fellow, owed him 27 s. for Cloth he had bought of him, and that he would give but one third of the value. The Prisoner Griffiths in his Defence said, that Hardey's Husband had made him a Frock and sent her for it to alter, which was the Bundle he gave her; denyed what the Apprentice swore about cutting of Cloth; and as to Selling of Cloth, he  said he was employed by several Persons so to do: but could not prove it. The Evidence not being sufficient against Hardey, the Jury 

               Acquitted
             her, and found Griffiths 


               Guilty to the value of 39 s.
            



               Transportation
            .
