









                     William 
                     Coreham 
                  



               
            , was 


               indicted for stealing 7 Silver Tankards, value 50 l. 10 Silver Tumblers, 3 Silver Coffee-Pots, 13 Silver Salvers, 19 Silver Cups, 3 Silver Saucepans, and other wrought Plate, to the Value of 7 or 800 l. and 61 l. 1 s. in Money
            , the Goods and money of 
               
                  
                     Isabel 
                     Matthews 
                  






                
            .
He was a second Time indicted for 


               stealing 200 pair of Worsted Stockings, the Goods of Persons unknown
            

He was a third Time indicted for 


               stealing 37 Hats value 10 l. the Goods of Persons unknown
            , October 31


.


                  Ralph 
                  Hall 
               



             depos'd, That he deliver'd the Goods and Money in the Indictment into Richard Hall's Warehouse at Hertford.


                  Edward 
                  Lincoln 
               



             depos'd, That he delivered the Goods and Money to the Prisoner at the Queen's Head in Kingstand Road.


                  Nicholas 
                  Hall 
               



             thus depos'd. The Prisoner came to my House and call'd for a Mug of Beer, desired me to cast my Eye and see that the Hertford Wagon did not pass by. I went out, but could not see it; then I went out a second Time, and brought him Word it was coming, and the Prisoner came out and stopt the Wagon, order'd the Ropes to be unty'd, and several Boxes to be taken out, and carry'd into my House, then agreed with me for a Cart and Horse to carry the said Goods to the Blue Boar in Whitechappel, but refused to go by Bishopsgate Street, so I went up Brick Lane. When we came to the Inn, the Prisoner took the 4 Boxes down, which he said contained hard Ware and Plate.
Another Evidence depos'd. I keep a Victualling-house, the Royal-Oak at Rotherhith, and on the fourth or fifth of November the Prisoner and a Waterman came together to my House, and brought the Goods with them, and the Prisoner wanted to know how soon he could have an Opportunity to send them to Holland. The next Morning about 7 or 8 o'Clock the Waterman came again and they staid at my House till after Dinner, and then took the Goods away, and went through-bridge with them, where he discharg'd that Waterman, because he might not know where he lodg'd the Goods, and got another Waterman to carry them to Sevenstep Alley, where he had taken a Room for that Purpose: But soon after seeing an Advertisement in one of the News-Papers to apprehend the Prisoner, who had told me his Name, I went and found out the Waterman which he last employ'd, got a Constable and went to the House where the Prisoner was, and secured both him and the Goods.
The Prisoner made a poor trifling Defence. The Jury found him 

               guilty
             of all the Indictments.




[Transportation. See summary.]


