









                     John 
                     Stringer 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Cornwall 
               



              of Wapping



, were indicted for 


               stealing (with 
                     
                        Thomas
                         Hartwell, alias 
Hartly




                  , and 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Nowers 
                     



                  ) four Turkey-Cocks, and one Turkey Hen, value 20 s.
             The Goods of 
               
                  Jeffery 
                  Adamson 
               



             , December 3

. It appeared that the Prisoners stole the Goods out of a Shed in Black-Horse-Alley Nightingale-Lane



; and being apprehended, confest the Fact before the Justice. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            

John Cornwall of Shadwell



, was a second Time indicted for 


               stealing (with Hartwell and Nowers) seventeen Turkey Cocks and two Hens
            ; the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Matthews 
                  



                
            , December 5

. The Witnesses thus depos'd, On the 5th of December; the Prosecutor lost the Fowls in the indictment out of his Warehouse. Whereupon he put a new Padlock to his Door; but on the 7th Instant, the Watchman sending part of that Padlock ript open, call'd him up, and in the mean Time, one of the Rogues not being able to wrench the Padlock open, he filled it with Gun-powder, blew it to Pieces, and so they enter'd, and bolted the Door within-side. The Prosecutor, the Watchman, and others took the Prisoner; but his two Companions escaped. And they left two Sacks behind them, which the Prisoner confest they stole out of a Lyter, and brought them thither to put the Turkeys in. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


