










                     Mathew 
                     Langton 
                  



                
             and Elizabeth his Wife
, of St. Giles without Cripplegate



, were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 6 s. 6 d.
             the Money of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Phillips 
                  





                
             on the 1st of November

 last. They were also indicted a second time for 


               feloniously stealing 1 s.
             the Money also of the said Nathaniel Phillips on the same Day. The Prosecutor deposed, that he finding the Money in his Drawer clammy, thought it might be so with the Sugar, but the next Morning plainly perceived Birdlime upon it, and remembred the Prisoners had been there; that he put 7 Sixpences into his Drawer, wiped the Holes clean which the Money dropt through, and next Morning when 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Langton 
                  



                
             came to the Dram they watch'd her; that she set her Child on the Compter and her Hand on the Drawer, and as soon as the was gone they opened the Drawer and mist two Sixpences; that then he marked some Money and put it into his Drawer, and both the Prisoners came together, that he stood as to screen her; that he saw her work a piece of Whalebone into his Drawers, with which she drew out his Money, that she deliver'd him back 4 Shillings and a Half Crown which he had markt, and afterwards another Sixpence, markt, dropt out of her Bosom. This was confirm'd by 3 other Witnesses, and she confest her taking the Money before the Justice, which Confession was read in Court. 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Langton 
               



             pleaded that he had but one Eye and that very bad, and that he knew nothing of the matter; and his Wife owned on her Tryal that she took the Money out of the Drawer to buy Bread for her Children unknown to her Husband, who she said was intirely innocent. The Jury considering the matter. 

               Acquitted
             him, and found her 

               Guilty of both indictments
            . 


               Transportation
            .
