







                     Samuel 
                     Dely , alias 
Deling of St. Botolph without Bishopsgate



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking open the House of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Whiteman 
                        




                      
                   in the Night time, and feloniously stealing a Canvas Bag value 1 d. and 2 s. and 3 d. in Money, the Goods and Money of the said Robert Whiteman,
             on the 30th of January
 last. The Prosecutor deposed that his Doors were fast about 10 a Clock that Night, when he went to Bed; that about 12 the Prisoner attempted to throttle him, but he crying out, his Neighbours came in and saved him, and told him the Prisoner was the Man. Another Evidence deposed, that the Prisoner confest to him that he lifted up the Latch of the Prosecutor's Door in the Dusk of the Evening, and went in and hid himself under the Bed till he did the Fact. 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Murray 
               



             deposed, that he hearing Murder cry'd, got a Sledge Hammer, broke open the Door, found the Prosecutor Bloody, and the Prisoner under the Bed with a Bag of Half-pence. Another deposed that he went in at another Door at the same time, and found the Prosecutor Bloody at the Neck and Mouth, and the Bag of Half-pence on the Prisoner; which was also confirm'd by another Evidence. 
               
                  James 
                  Miller 
               



             the Constable deposed, that he took the Prisoner to the Watch-House with him, where he owned, that he watcht the Prosecutor out out of his House when he went for a Pint of Drink (about the Dusk of the Evening) and took that opportunity to open the Latch and go in, shut the Door again, and hide himself under the Bed till about 12, when he attempted to kill the Prosecutor; that he wounded him in the Neck with a Penknife, which he left in the Bed, and which was found there accordingly. The Bag of Half-pence and Penknife were produc'd in Court, and the Bag own'd by the Prosecutor. The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he had borrow'd Money of the Prosecutor and was to pay him Weekly; that he had been drinking all that Afternoon, and the Prosecutor's Door being open he went in, and being very drunk fell down behind a Chest and fell a Sleep; that when he awoke and found where he was, he went to the Prosecutor's bed side and shock him to awake him., but did not cut nor wound him. He also called one 
               
                  Edward 
                  Smith 
               



             to his Reputation, with whom he was Servant
 7 Years ago. The Jury considering the matter Acquitted him of the Burglary, and found him 


               Guilty of Felony only
            



               Transportation
            .
