







                     Peter 
                     Jugular alias 
Jugal




               
             of St. Bennet Fink


. was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing of the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        Edith 
                        Barwell
                     



                  , 2 Silver Plates, value 10 l. a Napkin, 1 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Evans
                        



                     
                  . 9 Cambrick Handkerchiefs, 31 s. a Cane, and other Things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Edith 
                     Barwell
                  



               
            , on the 30th of September
 last. Edith Barwell depos'd, that the prisoner had been her Lodger about 6 Months, and going away one Saturday 5 l. in her Debt, she made enquiry after him, and on the Thursday following arrested him. On Friday he sent for her to the Spunging House; she taking a Friend with her, went to him. and found another Person in his Company. The Prisoner desired his own Friend, and hers, to withdraw, which they did. He then pull'd down the Bedcloaths, and took out the 2 Plates, pull'd a Turnover out of his Pocket, and a Handkerchief from his Bosom, and gave them to the Prosecutor, owning he had taken them out of her House. He then let in both their Friends, paid the Prosecutor the Money he ow'd her, and she gave him a Receipt in full. The Prosecutor's Friend depos'd, that the prisoner desired him to walk out, and that, when he return'd, he saw her have something under her Riding-hood, but knew not what it was. The Serjeant and Constable depos'd they heard the prisoner say, He took the Goods, but she had'em again. The prisoner in his Defence said. he was in very good Circumstances, and under no necessity of Robbing for a Livelihood; that he had often lent the Prosecutor Money. That the Prosecutor swore this against him, because he refus'd to drop an Action which he had taken out against one 
               
                  Henry 
                  Scaddin
               



            . That she had given him a good Character since he paid her the Money in the Spunging House; and that since then, he had been with her (on another Account) before Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Abney
               



            , and yet she did not then charge him with any Fact. 
               
                  Philip 
                  Jordan
               



             depos'd, that after the prisoner came from the Spunging House, he sent him for some Books and Linnen to the Prosecutor, which she deliver'd to him, and said, she was sorry any Difference had happened betwixt her and the prisoner, for he was a very civil good humour'd Gentleman, and sent her Service to him. The Jury found him 


               guilty to the value of 4 s. and 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


