







                     Thomas 
                     Burge 
                  



               
            , of the Savoy


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Roberts 
                        




                      
                  , and taking from thence 2 Sheet value 1 s. a Shirt value 10 d. a Smock value 2 s. a Towel and 2 Aprons, the Goods of John Roberts, on the 14th of Dec.
 last, about the Hour of 6 in the Night
            . The Prosecutor depos'd, that coming down Stairs about 5 in the Evening, he found the Sash of the Parlour (which he left shut) thrown open, and a Wastcoat lying in the Window; and upon farther Search he miss'd the Goods in the Indictment. 
               
                  William 
                  Young 
               



            , a Boy aged 13, depos'd, that being Servant to the Prosecutor, a Taylor, he was sent on an Errand for Silk, in the Dusk of the Evening. As he was going out he met the Prisoner, who had formerly been his Play-fellow. The Prisoner gave him 6d. to go away, that he might get into the Parlour. He, the Boy, stept aside, and saw him throw up the Sash and go in. He then went for the Silk, and at his Return found the Prisoner in the Parlour, who told him, if he said any thing, he would kill him. He carried the Silk to his Master, and when he came down again, the Prisoner was gone. Next Night he came again, and proffered him Half a Crown and a Penknife to cut his Master's Throat in the Dead of the Night, and then to let him into the House. Several Things being lost, this Evidence was suspected, and upon Examination, confess'd that he had stolen a Silver Tea Spoon, for which his Master turned him away; and he afterwards meeting the Prisoner in Lincoln's-lnn-Fields, went and informed his Master of the whole Affair, who thereupon went and apprehended the Prisoner. 


               Guilty of Felony to the Value of 4 s. 10 d
            . 


               Transportation
            .
