








                  Josiah 
                  Charleton 
               



              was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver laced cloth Housing, for a Horse, value 40 s. and a pair of Silver Snuffers, value 13 s, in the dwelling House of the Right Honourable 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Lord

 Bingly




, December the 10th

.
He was a second Time Indicted for 


               stealing two Silver Medals, and 2 Pound of Brass
            , the Goods of the most noble 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Duke

 of Kent




               
            , the 13th of Decem

. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Burleigh 
               



             thus depos'd, the Prisoner sold me some burnt Lace, and a pair of silver Snuffers; I melted 'em both down, but I remember the Snuffers had the same Coat of Arms, as this Silver has which is my Lord Bingly's, to whom the Prisoner was Footman
. He told me that he had accidentally broke the Snuffers, and it would be as much as his Place was worth, if his Lord should know it, and therefore he had bought a new Pair with his own Money, and so had these old ones to sell. As for the Lace, he said it was taken off an old Horse Furniture, and his Lord gave it him - The Goods being mist, and the Prisoner examin'd on Suspicion, he confest he stole 'em. 

               Guilty to the value 39 s.
            

On the second Indictment, 
               
                  John 
                  Paris 
               



             thus depos'd, about 9 in the Morning, on the Day after the Fire at the Duke of Kent's in St. James's Square



. I found the Prisoner in my Lady Dutchess's Closet; I turn'd him out, and sent for a Constable and searcht him. We found upon him this Silver bottom of a Sconce, these 2 Medals, and these Pieces of Brass, which came off her Graces Escritore. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


