








                     Edward 
                     Wright 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Wright 
                  



                
            , of St. Botolph without Aldersgate



, were indicted, the former for 


               feloniously stealing a Silver Watch and Case value 5 l. 6 yards of Flanders Lace, 10 yards of Lace, 6 yards of Lustring, 1 yard of Velvet, a Velvet Cap, 7 Moiders, 50 Guineas, 20 half Guineas and 20l. in Money, in the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Walker 
                     



, on the 18th of July

 last. And Mary Wright as 


               Accessary in receiving the same knowing them to be stole
            . The Prosecutor deposed, that the Prisoner Edward lived with him as a Servant
, and that he mist Money and Goods several times, but there being others in the House could not charge him with it; at last he consulted with some Friends at the Tavern what to do, who advised him to mark his Money, which was done. and lockt up in his Drawer; that he broke open his Drawer and took out 5 of the Mark'd Guineas, he went up after him and finding his Drawer broke, came down and told his Son, who charged him with it, but he denied it, then he asked him what Money he had in his Pocket he at first said 18d. then three Guineas, then 5 Guineas, which he said he had of his Mother the Day before; but when he took them out of his Pocket they appear'd to be Five of the Mark'd Guineas, that he kept the Boy in, and got a Warrant to search his Mother's House before it should be blown, where he found several of his Goods, as a New Silver Watch which stuck out in her Bosom, and which he could swear to, fine Lace, Lustring, Velvet, a Book of Julius Caesar; that she ask'd Pardon, and hoped he would pardon her Son; that he brought them to her, and she could not help it now; that she askt her Son whether they would not be mist, and he said, No, there were such Quantities. Mr. Draper deposed, that the Prosecutor sent for him to the Tavern to consult how to detect the Thief, that he notcht the  Guineas with a File just over the Head; 23 and an half, told them, put them into the Bag and Drawer, lay under the Bed in the same Room to watch, and made a Hole in the Basis to look through that he might not be discover'd by lifting it up; that the Prisoner came several times into the Room; that he was sent for when he was detected, and heard him own it and beg Pardon. Mr. Twinborough deposed, that he was at the Tavern when the Guineas were markt, and heard them agree, that Mr. Baker should lie under the Bed; that he heard the Boy say he was sorry he had done so; and confest he had wrong'd his Master of above 50 l. that his Mother got away, but was taken a gain. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Walker  Junior



            , confirm'd his Father's Evidence, and farther deposed that the Boy owned that he had taken at times above 60 l. Mr. Mountfort deposed that he was at the Tavern when the Guineas were mark'd, and at the Prosecutor's when the Boy was apprehended, and heard him confess the Fact of the Guineas, &c. and a piece of Lace. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Lewis 
               



             deposed, that Mary Wright brought her a piece of Lace and desired her to sell it for her, saying that it was a Person's in Prison, whose Wife was a Midwife, that she sold it to Mrs. Chapman by her Consent for 51 s. and gave her the Money; and that she afterwards sent to her to deny it if any should come to enquire after it. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Dorrel 
               



             deposed she saw Mrs. Lewis pay the Prisoner for it. The Markt Guineas, Lace, and divers other things found on the Prisoners were produc'd in Court, and owned by the Prosecutor. And another Evidence deposed that the Boy said, he was drawn in by his Mother, who would not let him alone till he was Hang'd. The Prisoner denied the Fact, and made a Frivolous Defence; but it it being to fully proved upon them; the Jury found them both 

               Guilty
            , Edward Wright as Principal, 


               Death
            . And Mary Wright his Mother as Accessory. 


               Transportation
            .
