







                     John 
                     Phillips 
                  



               
            , of St. Clement Danes


, was 


               indicted as Accessary, for that whereas 
                     
                        Nathaniel 
                        Hawes 
                     



                   was indicted for feloniously stealing divers Goods in the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Gronas 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Bladwell 
                           Peyton 
                        



                      
                  , of which Indictment he was found Guilty to the value of 39 s., he the said 
                     
                        John 
                        Phillips 
                     



                   did receive the same, knowing them to be stole
            . Bladwell Peyton deposed; that having mist Goods several times, he had Information of his Servant Hawes's frequently going to his Neighbour Phillips's Shop to sell Goods; whereupon he got a Search Warrant, that the Prisoner at first refused, till they produced the Warrant, that they found several of his Goods in several parts of the Shop; that the Prisoner laid his (the Prosecutors) things together, and said they were all his, and desired him to be easy and not prosecute; that the Prisoner bought that for 30 s. which cost him 6 l. That the Prisoner owned he had them of Hawes; though at first he said he had the Mohair half a Year before of an old Woman; but being told it had not been lost so long, he then said it was within 3 Weeks. 
               
                  John 
                  Green 
               



             deposed, that he went with, Mr. Peyton to search, and confirm'd his Evidence as to the finding the Goods in his Shop 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Hawes 
               



             deposed, that he keeping idle Company and wanting Money one time, took a few Remnants and carried them to the Prisoner, who took him down into the Kitchen and bought them; that he carried Goods to him several times after: that the Prisoner always had him down into the Kitchen or into a Back Room, and bolted the Door, and bid him speak softly that the People in the Shop might not hear. That he sold 4 Yards of Mohair to the Prisoner for 2 s. 6 d. which cost 7 s. 6 d. a piece of Camblet for a Guinea and half which cost 6 l. &c. That the Prisoner encouraged him by bidding him bring what Goods he would and he would buy them; that he told the Prisoner where he lived, but did not tell him they were his Masters Goods, but his own. 
               
                  William 
                  Browne 
               



             deposed, that he went with the Prosecutor and the Constable to search the Prisoners House, confirm'd the finding the Goods there, as is before related. The Prisoner denied that he knew them to be stole and called the following Evidence, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wargen 
               



             deposed, that she was the Prisoners Servant, and always in the Shop when Hawes came. and used to call her Master down to him; that she heard him examine Hawes if he came honestly by them, who told him yes, they were his own. That he always bought them of him in the Shop, never in the Cellar. She named the several Particulars, and said that was all that the Prisoner ever bought of Hawes, which he did at 4 or 5 several Times. That at the time of the search she heard Mr Peyton say he thought the Prisoner came honestly by them; and that he took the Goods down freely. The Prosecutor being askt, deposed that the Prisoner did not voluntarily deliver the Goods up, but equivocated. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Chaplain 
               



             deposed that she heard the Prisoner examine Hawes whether he came honestly by the Goods, but did not see him buy any. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Atkinson 
               



             deposed that he heard the Prisoner examine Hawes how he came by them. He also called several to his Reputation, who gave him the Character of an honest, industrious Man. The Jury considering the matter, found him 

               Guilty
            . 


               Transpor.
            

