







                     Thomas 
                     Otway 
                  



               
            , of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for the 


               Murder of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Minnis 
                        




                      
                   on the 30th of October
 last, by giving him a mortal Wound with a Sword, the Breadth of half an Inch, and the Depth of 4 Inches, of which he languish'd till the 5th of November and then died
            .
He was a second Time indicted on the Coroner's Inquisition, for feloniously slaying the aforesaid Mr 
               
                  William 
                  Minnis 
               



            .
Mr. Turner depos'd, that on the Night before this unhappy Accident happen'd, himself with Captain
 Otway and the Deceas'd had been drinking together at the Cherry-Tree in Plumbtree-street St. Giles's, where they staid till One in the Morning, and then the Deceas'd ask'd them if they should not Drink a Bottle of Wine to his Majesty's Health, that several Houses were propos'd, and at length they went to the Feather's Tavern in Drury-lane, tho' it was much against the Mind of Captain Otway that they went there, he saying they should have bad Wine, but this Deponent and the Deceas'd took him under the Arms, and oblig'd him to go there, that they call'd for a Pint of Wine, which Captain Otway said was bad; that the Deceas'd said it was good; that Captain Otway said it was scrub Wine, and fit for none but Scrubs; that presently they went out, and after some Time came in again, that it seem'd as if they had been a quarreling, but then both of them seem'd satisfied, that they then call'd for a Bottle of Wine; that Captain Otway call'd the Deceas'd Scrub and Coward, to which the Deceas'd answer'd, he was no Coward, but a Soldier
; but this Deponent falling asleep behind the Bar, did not hear any more of their Proceedings that Night: He said he knew both the Prisoner and the Deceas'd, and could not perceive any Malice between them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Smith 
               



            , who keeps the Feather's Tavern in Drury-lane


, depos'd, that they drank 3 Pints of Wine at her House, and when they had drank only one Pint, the Prisoner paid for it, and would go, saying the Deceas'd and Mr. Turner should go with him, that he told the Deceas'd, if he would not go he was a Scrub; that the Deceas'd said he would go, and this Deponent would have persuaded him to stay, fearing there might be a Quarrel, but the Deceas'd told her he would not Quarrel, but go and get him a Coach or a Chair, that they went out together, and she sent a Drawer after them, that the Drawer and the Deceas'd soon return'd, and presently Captain Otway came back, and said he would drink another Glass, that the Deceas'd and the Prisoner went out again and left Mr. Turner asleep, and that she heard no more of them.


                  Thomas 
                  Ducas 
               



             depos'd, that he followed the Deceas'd and the Prisoner out of the Feather's Tavern, but he saw none of what follow'd after.


                  Peter 
                  Jones 
               



             depos'd, that about 3 or 4 in the Morning he was coming through Banbury Court in Long Acre, and saw the Deceas'd and the Prisoner with their Swords drawn, the Prisoner being on his Knees, and the Deceas'd standing by him, that they were both very Dirty, and seem'd very much in Drink, that they both begg'd he would not leave them; that the Deceas'd said he fear'd he was hurt, and presently a Watchman coming up to them, they both very readily delivered him their Swords, that the Deceas'd was put in a Chair and carried to the Mufled Bear in Covent-Garden, and the Captain begg'd an able Surgeon might be provided for the Deceas'd; that the Prisoner had received two Wounds in his Head, and one in his Face; that on the Friday following this Deponent went to see the Deceas'd who said, Drink was the Cause of it, and seem'd very sorry when he heard that Captain Otway was carried to New Prison.


                  Robert 
                  Palmer 
               



             the Watchman depos'd, that when he came up to them, both the Deceas'd and the Prisoner were upon their Legs, bemoaning themselves, and each other, being then in Drink, and very Dirty, their Hats and Wigs laying at a considerable Distance, that they both surrender'd their Swords, and the Prisoner begg'd the Deceas'd might be taken Care of by an able Surgeon, that they got the Deceas'd into a Chair, and when they provided a Surgeon, the Prisoner begg'd he would take Care of the Deceas'd, and gave the Surgeon four Guineas that he might be careful.
Mr. Coldham the Surgeon depos'd, that he dress'd the Deceased's Wound, which he did believe to be the Occasion of his Death; that Captain Otway gave him four Guineas to take Care of the Deceas'd, and that he dress'd two Wounds in Captain Otway's Head, and one in his Face.
Captain Otway said in his Defence, that he had no Malice against the Deceas'd, that Banbury-Court lay in his way Home, but it was not in the Way of the Deceas'd, and that he could not tell the Occasion of their Quarrelling. Several Persons of Honour appear'd for the Prisoner, who gave him an extraordinary Character of a peaceable, honest, good-natur'd Gentleman, the Jury found him 


               guilty of Manslaughter
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


