








                     Albert 
                     Burnham , alias 
Vernham




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Marsh 
                  



                
            , 2 Sailor

s, were indicted for 


               stealing 3 Sides of Bacon, Value 50 Shillings, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cocker 
                        



                      
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Staples 
                        



                      
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Odell 
                        



                      
                  , out of the Warehouse of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Weeks 
                     



 in Leadenhall Market


.
Mr. Flower thus depos'd. Coming cross the Market I saw the Warehouse was broke open, and going to light my Candle I saw Burnham, alias Vernham, with the 3 Flitches of Bacon on his Back; I call'd after him and ask'd where he was going with that Bacon, he made no Answer, but endeavour'd to run away, I pursued him, he threw down the Bacon, the which I tumbled over, but getting up again I overtook and seiz'd him.


                  Thomas 
                  Hunt 
               



            , Watchman, thus depos'd. Hearing an Outcry I run to see Burnham at the Alehouse where they had secured him; afterwards going to see in what Manner the Warehouse was broke open, I found the Prisoner Marsh in the Warehouse, who swore he'd Shoot me; however, I seiz'd him.


                  Albert 
                  Burnham 
               



             thus made his Defence. Last Monday Morning I came from Chatham, took Water at Gravesend, and came to the Tilt-Boat at Billinsgate, where I drank a Mug of Beer; from thence I went to Leadenhall-Market, where I met with a Man in a great Coat, who says to me, Honest Fellow will you earn 6 d. Ay, Master, says I, with all my Heart if 'tis any Thing I can do; says he to me again, tis to carry these 3 Flitches of Bacon into Smithfield, so Sir I had no sooner got them upon my Back, but a Man asks me where I was going, the Man in the great Coat crics G - d D - you Dog run after me, so I follow'd him as fast as I could, but before I could come up with him I was stopt for a Thief, and never could see him since, but I am an honest Fellow, and have serv'd his Majesty King George, God bless his Holy Name.
Then Marsh being ask'd what he had to say, proceeded as follows: I belong to the Nasaw, and being destitute of a Lodging and a little fuddled withal, I strouled into Leadenhall-Market, and laid me down on one of the Bulks, but it growing a little lighter I gets up and runs against a Place where I felt some Straw, and going to lie down to sleep I was stopt for a Thief, indeed there was some Bacon there but I did not meddle with it. Being ask'd if he had any Friend to speak to his Character, he answer'd, That he had neither Father nor Mother, Sister or Brother, nor any Friend else but his own dear Person. Burnham was found 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
             but Marsh was 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


