







                     Charles 
                     Freeman 
                  



               
            , of St. Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Cloth Coat, value 20 s; a pair of Breeches, value 5 s. a Velvet Wastcoat, value 20 s. the Goods of a Person unknown
            , October the 30th
.


                  Thomas 
                  Stone 
               



             depos'd, I am a Pawn-Broker, and on the 30th of October the Prisoner brought the Goods to my House and asked for Six Guineas upon them, I asked him how he came by them? he said they were not his, but belong'd to a Gentleman that was in Trouble, who sent him with them: I took the Cloaths and set them behind my Counter, and desir'd him to stay till my Servant came, and in the mean time sent for a Constable, but before he came, the Prisoner made off, I pursu'd, and overtook him in Vinegar Yard, and then ask'd him who was the true Owner of the Goods? he said, one Mr. Walpole in Holborn, after I had secur'd him I went to Mr. Walpole, and acquainted him with it, he was very angry that his Name should be us'd in pawning Cloaths; then I ask'd him, if he knew 
               
                  Charles 
                  Freeman 
               



            ? he said no, but if it was the Person he suspected, his Name was 
               
                  Francis 
                  Thompson 
               



            , he came to see, and it prov'd to be the same: I advertis'd them several times, at last Mr. Fox came to me, and desir'd I would take care of the Cloaths, he believing they belong'd to his Brother then on board the Loe Man of War.


                  Thomas 
                  Hollister 
               



             thus depos'd: I made the Cloaths which are now produc'd in Court, and put them up in a Box and sent them to the Cross-Keys Inn in Gracechurch-Street, directed for - Fox, Esq; when call'd for; they were to go to Portsmouth.
The Prisoner in his Defence said, he had the Cloaths at Portsmouth, that he lent 2 Guineas upon them to 
               
                  John 
                  Vine 
               



            , belonging to the Greyhound Man War, who was since gone to Sea, but that not being believ'd, the Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


