





11. 
               
                  
                     Lucy 
                     Brooks 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a large Silver Cup, val. 5 l two silver Spoons, value 8 s. a silver Tea Spoon, val. 2 s a Gold Necklace and silver Locket gilded, val. 3 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Williams 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling-house
            , September 29
.


                  Mary 
                  Williams 
               



            . Last Quarter-Day, I happen'd to be at Mr. Ball's a Cane Chair Maker's in the Minories, and this Gentlewoman at the Bar came in, and enquired for a Woman, with whom she wanted to board; and she told me she had something coming in yearly, and would board with me if I pleased I told her, I would ask my Husband, when I went home, if he car'd to take a Boarder. In the Afternoon she came, and I shew'd her a Room above Stairs, where there was a corner Cupboard, in which we kept our Plate; I open'd it, to shew her the Cupboard, and lock'd it again, (all the Plate was then in it) and having some Business to do in Seething-Lane, I went out, and left her in the Room below Stairs. When I came back the Prisoner was gone, but I did not miss the Plate 'till 11 o'Clock; we were then going to Bed; then I observ'd a Policy of Insurance, which was in the Cup, to lie in the Window; upon this I look'd in the Cupboard, and miss'd all the Things mention'd in the Indictment.


                  Ann 
                  Griffiths 
               



            . When my Mistress (Williams) was gone out, the Prisoner went up Stairs with me into the Garret, to help me tie up some Lines, while we were there, she ask'd me for a Chamber-pot; I told her there was one in my Room, and she went down again by herself; after this she wanted Snuff: I said, if she would go down and sit by the Kitchen-Fire 'till I had done, I would fetch her some, but when I came down she was gone, I stepp'd to the Chandlers Shop at next Door, and there I found her; she told me she was only going to see her Mother at the Tower, and would come again, but she never did. She did not stay long in the Garret with me, but went down a Quarter of an Hour before me.


                  Philip 
                  Wilson 
               



            . The Prisoner was taken in Bishopsgate street, on the 2d of Oct. and was carry'd to the Tower Goal. Next Morning I went to her there, and she told me she had sold the Necklace to Mr. Barnes on the other Side Ludgate for 25 s. and the Cup and the Spoons for 4 l. to Mr. Spring on this Side Charing Cross. I went to them both, and they readily told me, they had bought such Things, and there we found them. She offered to go with us herself to the Places if we would give her a Coach.
Mr. Barnes. The latter End of Sept. this Neck-lace was brought to me by a Woman in a Coach, she gave it me to weigh; I told her what it came to, and sent the Money to her (in a Coach) by my Boy. I can't swear to the Prisoner.
Smedley Moore confirmed Mr. Barnes's Evidence, and swore positively the Prisoner was the Person who was then in the Coach, and to whom he carry'd the Money.
Mr. Spring swore, that his Servant fetched him from a Neighbour's House the latter End of Sept. When he came Home he found a Coach at his Door, and the Cup and Spoons upon the Counter; that he weigh'd them, and carry'd the Money for them to the Woman in the Coach, but as it was Candle-light, he could not swear to her.


                  Henry 
                  Davis 
               



             spoke to the same Effect, with 
               
                  Philip 
                  Wilson 
               



            .
Mr. Williams swore the Goods were his, and gave the same Account of the Prisoner's Confession in the Goal, with Davis and Wilson.
Prisoner. My Witnesses are all out of Town, and all I have to say is, that I know nothing about these Things. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


