






1. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Middleton 
                  



               
            , of the Parish of St. Mary le Bow


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 50 lb. of Lead, value 5 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Rene 
                     De Boyville 
                  



               
            , on the 3d of this Instant January

.
He was a second time indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 150 lb. of Lead, value 15 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Garland 
                  



                
            , on the 8th of this Instant January

.
Mr. De Boyville. Last Monday Seven-night the Lead of my Son's Coffin was taken from the Vault in Bow Church



. He was Buried there in the Year 1721. I bought the Coffin of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Reynolds 
               



            , the Undertaker.
Mr. Reynolds . The Prosecutor bought the Coffin of me. I saw it sodder'd up, and the Body of his Son was then within it. And afterwards I attended the Funeral, and saw the same Coffin put into Bow Church Vault in February 1721.


                  Francis 
                  Warner 
               



            . Last Monday Sev'n-night, between Four and Five in the Morning, the Prisoner came to me with this Mallet and Chissel, and we went together into Bow Church Vault, and there he cut the Lead and Plate off of Mr. Boyville's Son's Coffin. I knew it to be his Coffin, because there was an Inscription upon it. I help'd him to carry the Lead to Mr. Moore in King-street, in Old-Street-Square , who gave us at the Rate of 9 s. 4 d. a Hundred for it. The Prisoner was under Grave-Digger
 of Aldgate, and I am sometimes 'employ'd as a Bearer, by Mr. Robinson, the Sexton, of Bow Church. The Prisoner got the Key of the Vault of Mr. Robinson's Maid Mary, who will let him have it at any time, because he gives her now and then a Penny, or two Pence.


                  Robert 
                  Moore 
               



             . I bought the Lead of the Prisoner about Eight o'Clock last Monday Morning was Seven-night . There was a Hundred and three Quarters all cut to Pieces. I ask'd him how he came by it? he said, that he was employ'd in clearing the Vaults at Aldgate Church, and the Church Wardens gave him leave to take it as a Perquisite, and make the best on't.
Prisoner. You said, bring what ye will, and I'll buy it of ye. I have often sold you Coffin Handles; but as for the Lead, was it I or Warner that brought it to you?
Moore. Warner was with you, but it was you that deliver'd the Lead to me, and took the Money.


                  John 
                  Newton 
               



             . On the same Day Mr. Williamson brought three Hundred and a half of Lead to me, and I bought it of him at 13 s. a Hundred. One of my Men said, this Lead smells so strong of dead Corps that it almost choaks me. Phoo! says I, that's only your fancy! But in two or three Days having occasion to melt some of it, I found this Piece among it, with this Inscription:
Mr. 
               
                  Rene
                   De Boyville Obijt
               



             Jan. 29th 1721. in the 16th Year of his Age. Upon which I went to Mr. Boyville and inform'd him of it.


                  Seth 
                  Williamson 
               



             . I keep an Old-Iron Shop in Chissel-street . Mr. Moore came to me for some Iron to make Coffin Handles, and said he had some Lead to sell. I bought upwards of 300 Weight of him at 11 s. a Hundred, which I sold to Mr. Newton at 13 s. a Hundred. I asked Moore, who he bought it of? He said of some Grave-Diggers who had it for Perquisites.
Prisoner. Warner told me that he had Orders from Mr. Prior, the Church-Warden of Bow Church, to clear the Vault. And when I went down with him, he said, This is a good Place, my other Perquisites are but small, and when these Things [Iron, Lead and Nails] are gone, my Business will be worth nothing.
Warner . A little while ago the Sexton gave me leave to go down and level the Floor of the Vault. The Prisoner went with me, and taking one of the Candles he look'd all round the Vault. Lord! says he, What a Sight of Brass Nails and Handles here is? What a pity it is they should lie and spoil here, when I can have 2 d. a Pound for the worst Handle among them?
Prisoner. There's Mr. Hall, the Common-Council Man, knows me, and can give me a Character.
Mr. Hall. I know he has been Under-Grave-Digger in Aldgate Parish for four or five Years. We have had some suspicion of him, - and Yesterday we searched the South-Vault of the Church, and found it all robb'd, - and Nobody had the Key but him and his Master, and his Master hears a very honest Character.


                  John 
                  Maxey 
               



            . I have known Warner come to the Prisoner before Five in the Morning, and say, Come Tom, I have got the Key, the Church-Warden has given me leave to rummage the Vault.
Warner . I never said any such thing, nor ever had such Orders given me by the Church-Warden.
Second Indictment.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Garland 
               



            . About the 30th of March 1726, my Brother was Buried in Bow Church Vault



. I was Administrator, and order'd Mr. 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Roome 
               



             , Undertaker in Fleet-street, to make a Wooden and a Leaden Coffin, but I did not see the Corps put in.


                  John 
                  Paine 
               



             . I saw the Deceased put into the Coffin, and afterwards Interr'd in the Vault; and hearing last Saturday that the Vault had been robb'd, I enquir'd after Mr. Garland's Coffin. Warner told me, the Coffin was taken quite away, and the Corps thrown on the Ground, and shew'd me the place where it lay. I knew the Body by two Things; the Deceas'd had been Lame, and one of his Legs was shorter than the other; and after his Death his Body was open'd for the Satisfaction of his Friends to know what Distemper he dy'd of.
Warner . Last Saturday Morning between 4 and 5 the Prisoner went into the Vault with this Mallet and Chissel . He broke the Wooden Coffin, and then cut the Sides of the Leaden one, and tumbled the Corps out upon the Ground, and cover'd it with the Saw-Dust that came out of the Coffin. Says I, this Corps will soon be discover'd by the smell if ye leave it here, and then I shall come into a scrape, and my Master may lose his place: No, says he, it has been Buried so long that there's no fear of smelling. Then he cut the Lead to Pieces, and we carried it to Mr. Moore. There was about one Hundred and a half of it. When Mr. Paine came to me, I ript up the Shrond , and shew'd him the Body. The Shroud look'd as fresh and as white as the Shirt on your Lordship's Back.
Prisoner. Did not you take the Mallet out of our Vestry? - 'Tis the very Thing that Alderman Parsons knocks with. And did not you borrow the Chissel of your Brother-in-Law?
Warner. No, you brought them both to me.
Prisoner. And will you swear too that you did not carry the Lead to Moore?
Warner. I helped to carry it. And when we came to Moore he seemed unwilling to buy it at first for fear of Trouble. What a Plague in Hell are ye afraid of? says the Prisoner, Don't ye know that I rummage the Church at Aldgate, and that these are my Perquisites? - Well, but (says Moore ) you promis'd to bring me some Coffin Handles. And so I will to Morrow, says the Prisoner, as I hope to be saved, - upon my Life and Soul, - the Devil fetch me if I don't. - And so Moore paid us for the Lead, but stopp'd a Shilling till the Prisoner brought the Handles.
Moore. I would have stopp'd the Lead, but they said it was their Perquisites, and they came honestly by it, and so I gave them 9 s. 4 d. a Hundred for it, which is the Price that all Old-Iron Shops give.
Prisoner. Warner brought me into the Secret, and said this and that, and t'other, and that I was safe enough , and he could get the Key of Mary, the Sexton's Maid, and would I go one time and another time? But I refus'd to go several times, till at last he persuaded me there was no Danger in it. The Jury found the Prisoner 

               guilty
             of both Indictments.




[Transportation. See summary.]


