













                  Tifford 
                  Willington 
               



             , 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Fleming 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hawkswell 
                  



                
            , of St. Paul's Shadwell




, were indicted for 


               stealing a Brass Porridge Pot, value 10 s. two Sauce Pans, value 5 s. and other Goods
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Johnson 
                  



                
            , the 21st of June

 last.
They were likewise indicted a second time for 


               stealing divers Linen, Mobs, Aprons, &c
            . the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Smart 
                  



                
            , the same 21st of June

.
The Prosecutors both depos'd, They lost the Goods before-mention'd, and having heard that the Prisoners had been taken up, and were in Custody on Suspicion of having stolen Goods, they went to the Watch-house, and there found both the Prisoners, and their Goods, in the Custody of the Officer.


                  John 
                  Shillingford 
               



             depos'd, That as he was going over Stepney Fields about Three o'Clock in the Morning, he saw the Prisoners carrying Sauce Pans, and perceiving Hawkswell's Pockets bulk out, he suspecting them to have committed some Robbery, therefore ask'd Hawkswell (the old Man) where he had the Goods, and whither he was carrying them? That he reply'd, He was in fear that his Landlord would seize them for Rent, and so he had come from his Lodgings; that he searching his Pockets, found wet Linen, which further confirming his Suspicion, he would not let them go from him, till he came to White-Chapel, and got a Constable, and secur'd them, except one Boy, which ran away; and having got it out of the other Boy, that they had brought the Things from New Gravel-Lane , the Boy pretending, that as they were going to get Bird's Nests, the Prisoner met them, and desired them to carry the Things for him; he went thither, and upon inquiry found the Prosecutors; and in coming over an Hay-Field, found the Boy which had run from him, lying in a Hay-cock, who carried him to the Farthing-Pye-Fields , and shew'd him where they had hid a Porridge Pot in a Ditch.
Hawkswell in his Defence pleaded, That he being out late on Saturday Night, met a Man, who desir'd him to help him to carry some Goods for him out of his House; but produc'd no such Person.
Willington pleaded, That they were going a Bird's Nesting, and met with Hawkswell, and he was to give him a Half-penny to carry the Things for him. There was no Evidence against Fleming, but his being with the other, nothing being found upon him, and also that he could discover where the Porridge Pot was hid in the Ditch; and Willington calling some Evidences, who gave him a good Character, the Jury 

               acquitted
             both him and Fleming, and found Hawkswell alone 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d. upon each Indictment
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


