








                     Benjamin 
                     Clark 
                  



                
             , jun. and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willis 
                  



                
             , of St. Leonard Foster-Lane



, were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 2 Gowns, 2 Petticoats, Stays, and other wearing Apparel, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Mare 
                        




                      
                   , in the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Clark 
                     



 , sen. the 23d of August
 last.
It appear'd by the Evidence, That the Prosecutor left a Trunk of Goods in the Prisoner's Father's House, and that they were taken away by the Prisoner Clark; and that some of them were pawn'd by Willis; the stealing of the Goods was plainly prov'd upon Clark, and also by his own Confession; but no Evidence of Willis's having any concern in the stealing them, but that of Clark, who would seign have fix'd that upon him; and he producing Evidence, that he accidentally meeting the Prisoner(Clark) with the Goods in a Bag, and going in to drink, he said, he had no Money to pay the Rechoning , he gave him 2 Gowns and Petticoats to pawn for 41 s. which Money, he said, he wanted, he telling Wills they were his Wife's Clothes, saying, if he would pawn them for him, he would pay the Reckoning, which was half a Crown, and that he not borrowing more than 35 s. he would have them fetch'd again, which rather than have the Trouble of doing, he gave (Clark) 6 s. more out of his Pocket, upon his Promise of paying him again. This being proved to the Satisfaction of the Jury, they 

               acquitted
             Wills; but the Fact being plainly proved upon Clark, the Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


