





1. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Sanders 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Portugal Piece of Gold, value 36 s. a Gold Ring, value 10 s. a Gold Ring set with Vermillion Stones, value 7 s. 6d. a Silver Girdle Buckle, value 10 s. three Aprons, a Shirt, a Shift, and 2 Ells of Holland, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Underwood 
                        




                      
                  , in his House
            , March 4
.
John Underwood. The Prisoner was my Servant
, she came to me very well recommended, but had not staid above ten Weeks before several Things were missing. I examined her about them, and she confessed that she had taken a Silver Girdle Buckle, a Gold Ring, a Shirt, and two Ells of Holland, and had pawned them all at the Greyhound and Three Bowls in Hounsditch, for 18 s. The Goods were found there. She was carried before Alderman Brucas, who committed her to Newgate. I went thither next Day to see her, and then she confessed further, that she had taken from me a Portugal Piece of Gold that goes for 36 s. I was more surprised at this, than at all the rest, because I could not imagine which Way she could come at it.
Mrs. Underwood. Missing my Stockings and Aprons, I asked the Prisoner if she knew any thing of them? She denied that she did; and as I had received a good Character of her, I did not suspect her Honesty, but thought she might have put them among her own Things by Mistake, and therefore I desired to look in her Box. She readily opened it, and there I found my Aprons, one of my Holland Shifts, and my Prayer-Book. Upon this I began to mistrust her, for I thought she could not take all these Things by Mistake; and upon taxing her closely, she at last confessed that she had taken the Shift with a Design to carry it away, as she had done several other of my Things which she had pawned; but she said, the Aprons were put in her Box by Mistake.
Prisoner. My Box had no Lock nor Hinges, it always stood open; I had been Ironing late at Night, and put some of my Mistress's Things among my own, by Mistake: As for the Ring, I found it among some foul Things, and wanting Money, I carried it to pawn, but did not intend to keep it; for when my Master paid me my Wages, I fetched it out of pawn with my own Money.


                  Henry 
                  Glover 
               



            . The Prisoner was my Servant above eight Years, she all that Time bore a very good Character; and I had such an Opinion of her Honesty, that I was in the greatest Surprize when I heard of this Charge against her.
The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


