





18. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Sullivan , alias 
Johnson




               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing (with 
                     
                        Isabella
                         Eaton , alias 
Gwyn




                  , not yet taken) 2 Guineas and a Half, a Broad Piece, and a Moidore, from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Anderson 
                        




, July 1
.


                  George 
                  Anderson 
               



            . I live with my Mother at the Dutch Ware-house against Durham-Yard in the Strand. Last Friday Night I met Isabella Eaton and the Prisoner, and another Woman in the Strand. We went into the Half-Moon-Tavern, and had 2 Pints of Wine. We staid about half an Hour, and then took Coach, and drove to a Brandy shop (kept by one Soamn ) in Red-Lion-street. I did not go into the Shop, but called for a Quartern of Citron-Water at the Door, for which I paid 1 s. Eaton asked me to lye there, but I refusing, she and I and the Prisoner took the same Coach, and drove to the Greyhound-Inn in Drury-Lane


. We went up Stairs, and had two Pints of Wine, and then Eaton and I went to Bed, and the Prisoner went down. I knock'd so a Bottle of Water, the Prisoner brought it up, and said she would come to Bed too, and lye with me all Night. I suspecting she had some Design, got up, and put on my Breeches, took the Money out of my Pocket, and counting it, parted the Gold from the Silver, and put the Gold, which was two Guineas and a half, a Broad-piece and a Moidore, into my Right-side Pocket, and thrust my Handkerchief down upon it. Then I laid down (not in, but) on the Bed, and the Prisoner with her Cloaths on lay by me. I fell asleep, and between 4 and 5 in the Morning I felt her Hand. I catch'd hold of her Hand, and ask'd her what Business she had with it in my Pocket? But she got her Hand away, and told me that it was not there. I did not search her then, for feeling on the out-side of my Pocket, I felt some Money within, so that I thought my Gold was safe; but in a Quarter of an Hour Eaton got up, and they were both going away in a Hurry. This gave me a Suspicion, and so searching my Pocket within-side, I found only 2 Shillings, and 2 Sixpences, instead of my Gold: I tax'd 'em with it, and they both owned they had got my Money (but not how much) and said, they would keep it, except I would give 'em two Guineas of it, and then they would return the rest.
Court. Did they say how they got it?
G. A. No. I sent for a Constable. Eaton was very outrageous, and broke the Door to get away before the Constable came, but the Landlord prevented her. We all went to the Constable's House, and there Moll Harvey came and made a Riot, and so Bell Eaton escaped. The Prisoner produced all my Money to the Constable, and said she had it of me, but that I gave it her to lye with her.

Prisoner. Had you no more Gold about you, than what you charge me with? G. A. No,
Sral Gra. I live at the Greyhound-Inn. The Prisoner and Bll Eaton, and this little Gentleman, came in a Coach, and asked for a Bed. Says my Mistress, Don't ye want two Beds ? No, Madam, says the Prisoner, but I hope it will be no Offence to go up, and take Part of a Pint with my Friend, and this Gentleman. The Gentleman pull'd out some Gold and Silver, and paid for his Bed, and a Pint of Wine, and so they all went up together. When that Pint was out, says the Prisoner; We will have my Pint now. And so it was brought up. Says Eaton to the Prisoner, I am sure the Gentleman is more generous than to let you pay for it. So the Gentleman paid. I left 'em, and the Prisoner came down soon after. Madam, says she to my Mistress, can't I drink a Pint of Wine with you? Yes, and welcome, says my Mistress. Then the Prisoner sent a Porter for her Husband (as she call'd him) who came directly. They sat down together in the Kitchen, and call'd for another Pint. By-and-by I heard the Gentleman knocking above Stairs. I ran up and asked him what he knock'd for? He said, for a Bottle of Water. I came down and filled a Bottle, but the Prisoner snatch'd it from me, and carried it up herself, and lock'd the Door. Go up, saysmy Mistress to me, and see why she stays; and tell her that I will never suffer such Doings, as for two Women to lye with one Man, for it is not the Practice of my House. I went up to the Door, and told the Prisoner my Mistress wonder'd she staid so long. Damn ye, says she, I'm a-bed. Says I, Your Husband wants ye. Let him go Home about his Business, says she, for I tell ye, I am a-bed, and won't come. With that the Gentleman open'd the Door, and said, 
               
                  Young 
                  Woman 
               



            , what d'ye want. I told him, my Mistress would not suffer such Things, as two Women to one Man. Then he took some Gold in his Hand, and look'd at it by the Candle, and put it into his Side-pocket; and I went down and told my Mistress, that I thought they design'd to rob him. Says my Mistress, I never was served in this Manner by two Women before. I'll sit up all Night, but I'll see whether or no a Gentleman shall be robb'd in my House. The Prisoner's Husband said nothing to this, but got up and went away. About 5 in the Morning my Master was coming down Stairs, the Prisoner and Eaton had open'd the Chamber-door softly, and were coming out. Hey! says he, here's two Woman a creeping away. The Gentleman hearing this, got from the Bed, and they were forced in again. Eaton made a great Disturbance, and would have got out o' Window, but being prevented, she gave the Gentleman several Slaps o' the Face. He said, Very well, Madam! I shan't strike you. Then she went to break the Lock of the Door with a Candlestick, and at last she split the Door, but they kept her from getting out. The Gentleman said he had been robb'd, and desired a Constable might be sent for, and a Constable came and carried them all three to his own House.
Prisoner. When you came to call me down, and the Gentleman look'd at his Money by your Candle, did you see any Guineas, or a Moidore, or a Broad-piece in his Hand?
Grant. I saw Gold in his Hand, but I don't know what Sort. He seem'd to hold it as if he was counting it, and I bid him take Care of it.


                  Sarah 
                  Lamb 
               



            . I heard a Voice in the Chamber say, We own we have got your Money, but you shall never have it again, except you'll give us two Guineas.


                  Charles 
                  Hays 
               



            , Constable. 
               
                  John 
                  Eland 
               



            , who keeps the Greyhound-Inn at the Corner of Russel-street in Drury-Lane, came to my House last Saturday Morning about six a Clock, and desired me to come and take the Prisoner, and Eaton, who, he said, were making a Riot, and disturbing his Lodgers. I went thither, the Prosecutor charg'd them with robbing him of 2 Guineas and a half, a Moidore, and a Broad-piece. The Prisoner shewed me the same Pieces, and said he had given 'em to her to lye with her. I put 'em to their Choice, to go to my House or the Watch-house, till the Justice was up. They all chose my House, and so I took 'em with me. Eaton offer'd me half a Guinea dry, and half a Guinea to be spent, if I would not carry her before Justice Du Veil ; but when I would not agree to her Terms, she catch'd up a Case-Knife, and offer'd to stick me, but I avoided the Blow; and by-and-by Moll Harvey, with a Mob of I believe an Hundred Pick-pockets, came and made a Riot about my House, and so Eaton escaped.
Prisoner. But I never offer'd to stir; for I said I had done no Crime, but had got the Money of the Gentleman faitly. He and I have been old Acquaintance.
G. A. I never saw her Face before that Night. She said before Justice Dn Veil, that I gave her all my Money in Red-Lion-street.
Prisoner. I say so still, and I'll prove it.
The Prisoner's Defence.


                  Mary 
                  Welsh 
               



            . I live in Short's Gardens, About a Week ago the Prisoner came to my House to enquire for a Lodging. I told her I wou'd Lett none under Half a Crown a Week. She said she would call again, and bring her Husband with her, and directed me to enquire her Character at Mr. Soams's, a Brandy-shop in Red-Lion-street. So o' Friday Night one came to know if I would let the Prisoner and her Husband lye at my House. I went down to Soams's, and there was she and this Gentleman. I asked Soams if that Gentleman was her Husband. He said, he did not know that he was. With that I refused to receive 'em, and thereupon the Gentleman pulled some Gold and Silver out of his Pocket, and said to me; Perhaps you are afraid we have got no Money. Whereof the Prisoner says to him, Now, my Dear, if you'll give me enough to fetch my Things out of Pawn, I'll go with you to an Inn. So he gave her some Money, but I don't know how much. I am sure I came here very much against my Desire, but she sent a Paper to me, and threatened to ruin my Husband (who is a Cabinet-maker) if I did not appear for her.


                  Robert 
                  Whitney 
               



            . I was drinking at Soams's o' Friday Night, and after 9, this Gentleman and the Prisoner, and another Woman came in. He called for a Tiff of Punch, and seem'd very free with the Prisoner, more than with the other Woman.
Court. The Prosecutor swears he did not go in at all, but only drank a Dram at the Door.
Whitney. No, he came in and drank Punch. And he kiss'd and embraced the Prisoner very soudly. And then came in a Woman about a Lodging, and as soon as this Woman was gone, says the Prisoner to him; If you will give me Money to fetch my Cloaths out of Pawn, I'll go with you to an Inn. The Gentleman gave her some Gold, and she told it out in her Hand: There was a Moidore, a Broad-piece, and 2 Guineas, and a half. She told it out in her Hand, and said, that was not enough. Court. And what did she do with the Money, when she said it was not enough? Whitney. As she could get no more, she took up with that. Court. How came you to observe the Pieces so particularly? W. I stood pretty near to her. Court. Did you know her before? W. No. C. How came she to find you out then? W. She heard of me at Mr. Soams's. C. Are you one of his constant Customers? W. No: But I am one of the same Business; I have kept a Brandy-shop in Gray's-Inn-Lane above half a Year. We often go to see one another. I drink at his House, and he drinks at mine. I carry Customers to him, and he brings Customers to me; and so we live very sociably.


                  John 
                  Soams 
               



            . I keep a Brandy-shop in Red-Lion-street. About 10 a Clock o' Friday Night, the Prisoner and this Gentleman came into my Shop, and drank a Dram a-piece, and then they went and sate behind the Counter, and call'd for a Tiff of Punch. Says he, We won't sit here, let's go to an Inn. Says she, You have often promised to fetch my Cloaths out of Pawn, And, says he, you shan't want Money for that. And so he gave her a Moidore and a Guinea. Is this all? says she. And then he gave her a Broad-piece, and half a Guinea, or a Guinea, I don't know which. She told him that was not enough; and then he said, he'd give her more when they came to the Inn, and so they went away in a Coach.


                  Sarah 
                  Grant 
               



            . This is the very Man that the Prisoner sent for to our House, and he pass'd for her Husband. And he's one of Moll Harvey's Bail.
Prisoner. I have no Husband, nor never had.
Court. Did you never pass for her Husband? Was you never reputed to be her Husband?
Soams. No. S. Grant. When he came in, my Mistress said, Is this your Wife? And he answer'd, Yes. Court. You seem to be pretty much at her Beck, however.


                  Ann 
                  Gines 
               



            . I went to Soam's 'so' Friday Night, between 9 and 10, and saw the Prisoner and this Gentleman there. She ask'd him for Money, and he gave her some Gold, and said, My Dear, you shall go to an Inn with me to Night.



                  Jane 
                  Boyd 
               



            . I lodged in the same House as the Prisoner, but one Pair of Stairs above her. About a Fortnight ago, as I was coming down Stairs, she called me in to drink Tea, and this Gentleman was with her, and I heard him promise her some Money. And about a Month ago I saw her go out with him in a Coach.
Prisoner. He has promised me Money many a Time; and this Prosecution is only out of Spite, because I would not go to Bed with him along with 
               
                  Bill 
                  Eaton 
               



            . The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


