





78. 
               
                  Constant 
                  Seers 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Cloth Serge Coat, value 20 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hookham 
                  




                
            , April 13
.
Mr. Hookham. Last Wednesday se'en-night, I order'd my Man to clean my Cloaths, and he hung this Coat on the Rails of the Stairs. I sent him out of an Errand, and went backward my self to a Stable I have in the Yard, after I had lock'd the Hatch at the Door. In a little Time my Brother came to see me, and he stopp'd the Prisoner in the Entry with the Coat upon her. I made her come back, into the Yard, and there she fell upon her Knees, and begg'd I would forgive her. She had one Pair of Pattens on her Feet, and another Pair in her Apron.


                  John 
                  Hookham 
               



             gave the same Account.
Prisoner. I had bought a Pair of Shoes about a Month ago of a Woman in that House, and she order'd me to call for something else, so I did, and the Coat happening to fall down, I only went to take it up.
Mr. Hookham. My Lord, I have not had a Woman Servant in my House these five Years. My Sister comes to make my Bed, when she's at Leisure; when she is not, my Man-servant does it.


                  Edmund 
                  Manning 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner 9 or 10 Years; she goes about with China and old Cloaths. I have entrusted her to collect Rent for me to the Value of 100 l. and she never wronged me.
Mr. Hookham. Ask him if he has known, or entrusted her within these three Years?
Manning No, I have not.
Mr. Hookham. I would ask him, whether she has not had the Character of a drunken, disorderly Woman for these three Years?
Manning. I never heard any thing but that she was honest.
Mr. Hookham. This very Person apply'd to me to make up the Matter, and to know the Circumstances of the Fact; I told him, he should hear them in this Place; and the Mother of the Prisoner was with him, and declared in his Presence, that she was a drunken, idle, disorderly Person.
Q. Did you hear this?
Manning. Yes, I did.
Q. Then how could you give her this good Character?
Manning. Drunkenness is not Dishonesty.


                  Michael 
                  Bell 
               



            . I never knew her dishonest; she will drink Gin indeed.


                  Ann 
                  Manson 
               



            . I have known her many Years, I never heard of her wronging any Body.
Q. Do you keep Company with the Prisoner much?
Manson. No.
Q. Has she not had the Character of a drunken Woman these 3 Years?
Manson. I never saw her drunk.
Q. I ask you whether she has not that Character?
Manson. Why - as to Drunkenness - I never heard any thing of Theft.
Q. Why don't you answer the Question?
Manson. Why, yes I have heard something of that; but a Person is not to be hang'd or transported for Drinking.
Jury. I desire to know how the Gentleman can live in a House, without a Woman?
Mr. Hookham. Sir, If you desire to know the Oeconomy of my Family, I'll give it you in a few Words. My Sister, when she has Leisure, comes to make my Bed; when she has not, my Man does it.
C. The People that have appear'd to the Prisoner's Character, have behav'd in so odd a Manner, that they need call some Persons to their own. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


