





8. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Day 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a brocaded silk Gown and Peticoat, value 5 l. a Dimity-Gown, a quilted Peticoat, 3 under Peticoats, 5 Smocks, 4 Tea Spoons, a Pair of Tea Tongs, a Silver handed Knife and Fork, a Girdle-Buckle, a Silver Snuff-box, 5 pair of silk Stockings, and a Mob, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Morris 
                        




                      
                  , in her House
            , Decemb. 30
.


                  Mary 
                  Fortune 
               



            . My name was Morris when I was 
               
                  robb'd
               


            , but I have since been married. The Prisoner was my Servant
, and had lived with me three Quarters of a Year - She asked me to go out to see her Child, and she staid out several Nights, which made me mistrust her; and when she came again, I examin'd my Trunk, and mist the Goods. She confest she had pawn'd them at 
               
                  Joe 
                  Euthard 
               



            's, in Villars-street. He refused to let me have them, without laying down the Money they were pawn'd for, which was 6 Guineas; and so my Husband got a Search Warrant.
Humphry Fortune. Missing the Goods, I tax'd the Prisoner. She fell on her Knees and begg'd Pardon, and said, she'd make me amends, for she had some Goods of her own, and would sell them and redeem mine, which she said she had pawn'd at Jo. Euthard's, at the 3 Bowls in Villars-street. He would not produce them till I got a Search-Warrant and he was very unwilling then; for he  brought them before the Justice at 4 or 5 times.


                  Joseph 
                  Uthard 
               



            . The Prisoner pawn'd the Goods with me at several times, in October, November, and December. She came in her Mistresses Name, and I knew her Mistress used to send to her, and a former Maid, to pledge things at my House; and sometimes she came her self, and she own'd that she sent the plate by the Prisoner - I shew'd them the Goods when they demanded it.
Prisoner. My Mistress sent me to pawn some of the Things, and the rest I pawn'd for my own Use - They put me in here last Sessions, but fetch'd me out themselves, because the Goods were laid in a wrong Name.
Mrs Fortune. I did send her with 5 Spoons, and that was all, and I sent her again with Money to redeem them.
Court. When were you married?
Fortune. The 3 of January last
Uthard. They did not come for the Goods till the 15 of January.
The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


