






36, 37. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     White 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Jones 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               privately stealing 7 Yards of Lawn, value 16 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Davis 
                  




                
            , out of his Shop, the 19th of this Instant February
, in the Parish of St. Vedast, Foster lane



.
William Davis. I am a Linnen-Draper
 in Cheap side


; between 3 and 4 in the Afternoon, the Prisoner White came into my Shop for half an Ell of Holland: Ann Jones came in immediately after her. White paid me for the half Ell of Holland, and was going out: Mr. Hodges, who is likewise a Draper, stopped her, brought her into my Shop, and said she had been in his Shop. and had stole a Piece of Cambrick, therefore he would search her: He got hold of both her Hands and held them out; and a Piece of Lawn dropped from her on the Ground in the Shop: These are my Goods, says he, but they proved to be mine, and was marked in the End. I had just shown some Lawns to a Customer, and several Pieces Lay upon the Counter.
Mr. Hodges. They had been in my Shop just before; I discovered what they were, and clear'd my Counter, that there might be nothing near them. White came in first, and Jones followed her. I could not keep them together, they would be running one to one end, the other to the other end of the Counter. I had just laid 5 Pieces of Cambrick at one end. White had bought a Quarter of a Yard, it was tore off, and was abruptly going away without paying for it: I made her pay for it, and then they went away. As soon as they were gone. I miss'd a Piece of Cambrick, and pursued them to Mr. Davis's Shop. I let her come out a little way into the Street; then I carried her back into his Shop, and to prevent her conveying the Goods away, I held her Arms open; but she got one Hand at liberty, and shook her Petticoats, and I saw the Lawn drop from her, before it came to the Ground, and she endeavoured to kick and spurn it from her.
Several Persons appeared to White's Character.
Anne Jones 

               acquitted
            , Mary White 


               guilty 10d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


