





60. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Baily 
                  



               
            , (indicted three Times yesterday) was indicted again, for 


               stealing six Iron Bars fixed to the House of 
                     
                        
                           Mark 
                           Wynne 
                        




, Esq
, May 12
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Bunting 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner go into the House between 1 and 2 o'Clock, and let in another Person: It was an empty House.


                  Charles 
                  Welston 
               



            . Mrs. Bunting inform'd us that she saw two Men go into the House; we got the Key of the Door to see who they were, but we could not get in; they had bolted it on the inside. We went backwards and got over the Garden Wall, and took the Prisoner at the Backdoor of the House, and Mullaly with him. We found nothing on them but a bunch of Picklock Keys.


                  Anthony 
                  Bunting 
               



            . My Wife thought they were disaffected Persons when she saw them go in, so she gave Notice of it; we could not get in at the Fore-door, but we went round and took them at the Back-door: There was nothing found upon them; but there was six Iron Bars missing, which went cross the Windows, and the Lead of the Sink was pull'd up and lay on the Floor.
- Dansie depos'd to the same Effect.


                  Charles 
                  Mullaly 
               



            . The 11th of May in the Morning I was at Tom Smith's Cellar, and Bailey was there; Charles, come along with me, says he, I have been at a Place this Morning, and have got six Iron Bars, and I have sold them; but there's a Piece of Lead, I have not brought off, take the Sack, and we'll go and fetch it. I took the Sack, and with Tom Smith's Keys we went in; we had not been there half a Quarter of an Hour, before two Men came to the Door; we bolted it, and they went round and took us. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


