








23. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dwyer 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Will 
                     Bently 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 3 s. 6 d.
             the Money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Botreau 
                  



                
            , Jan. 14

.
John Botreau. I dont know the Prisoner's, but I was robb'd of 3 s. 6 d. by two such Boys

 in my own Shop in Earl Street, St. James's



, on the fourteenth of January, between seven and eight at Night.


                  Adam 
                  Stanton 
               



            , a Mulatto Boy. The Prisoners and I went to the Prosecutor's Shop: Bently knocked at the Door and went in first and asked for a Pennyworth of Pickle Coucumbers, and as the Prosecutor was going to serve him, Dwyer stept in with a Knife in his Hand and threatned to stick it in the Prosecutor's Body if he did not deliver his Money. Then Bentley went to the Money Box and took out 3 s. 6 d. I stood at the Door all the while to watch, and then we went away to our Lodging at - Bedfords, in Well's Yard by St. Giles's Pound. That House harbours none but such as we are, if the Truth was known. We spent 21 d. there that Night, and shared 7 d. a Piece next Morning.
The Jury found them 

               Guilty
            .
They were a second time indicted for 


               privately stealing 3lb of Nutmegs, value 16 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clements 
                        



                      
                  , in his Shop
            , Jan. 15

.
John Clements. I lost 3lb of Nutmegs off my Counter.


                  Adam 
                  Stanton 
               



            . The Prisoner's and I and 
               
                  Jack 
                  Oliver 
               



            , on Saturday Night going along Leather Lane in Holborn



, and seeing no body in the Prosecutor's Shop, Dwyer stept in and took a Paper of Nutmegs and a Sugar Loaf off the Counter, and gave 'em to me, and I gave 'em to Jack Oliver, who bit us all, for we have never seen him since.
The Jury 

               acquited
             Bentley, and found Dwyer 


               guilty to the value of 10 d.
            





[Dwyer: Transportation. See summary.]







[Bently: Branding. See summary.]


