





24. 
               
                  
                     Charlotte 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Tortoiseshell Snuff-Box, with a Silver Rim, a Patch Box, 2 Silver Spoons, a Silver Girdle-Buckle, a Pair of Silver Buckles, a Silver Pocket-Piece, 2 Guineas, and 1 l. 17 s. 6 d. in Silver; the Goods and Money of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Copson 
                        




                      
                   in his House
            , October 27
.
Richard Copson. I am Coachman
 for the Master of the Red-Lyon-Inn in Holborn


, and I keep an Alehouse
 in the Yard; the Prisoner was my Servant
. I left my Goods and Money in my Drawers in my Bedchamber, and went down to Wickham with the Mayor of Wickham. I return'd in 3 Days, the Prisoner was then gone: I had Occasion to change a Guinea, and going up Stairs I found my Drawers open, and miss'd my Money and Goods. My Wife told me that she had missed half a Guinea 3 Days before, and had taken the Prisoner before a Justice, but she was discharg'd. I found the Prisoner next Day coming out of a Brandy-Shop in Vine-Street, and apprehended her. And afterwards having Intelligence that she had taken a Lodging at Mr. Cummins's in Queen-Street, Bloomsbury; I went thither and found her Box with my Goods and Money in it. She being search'd, the Key of that Box was found upon her.
Prisoner. I was taken up on Thursday about the Half-Guinea, and was never in the House afterwards.


                  Mary 
                  Cipson 
               



            . The Door of my Room opens into a publick Passage; I had lost the Key of it on Thursday, but having another Key that would open it, I never minded to change the Lock.

The Jury found the Prisoner 


               guilty to the value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


