





57. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Williams 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing three Sheep Skins and two Buck Skins
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bullock 
                  




                
            , July 27
.
Mr. Bullock. The Prisoner worked for me about six Weeks. He went away on Saturday, July 26. and pretended that he was going to Bristol.


                  Richard 
                  King 
               



            . My Master Bullock of Colebrook keeps a Warehouse
 here in Town which I look after. He employs forty or fifty Servants, and when he wants a Hand he sends to me - I sent the Prisoner to him about three Months ago. On the twenty ninth of July, 1 heard that a Man was stopt with some of my Master's Goods. I went and found the Prisoner, and these Skins, which I believe to be my Master's. I asked him how he came by them; he said he found them, and as he was coming to bring them to me he was stopt; but though he found them, he would pay me for them if I would give him no farther trouble - They had not the King's Stamp on them.


                  Sarah 
                  Laws 
               



            . On Tuesday, July 29, between four and five in the Afternoon, the Prisoner came to my House with two Bundles, and called for a Pint of Beer. He desired me to let him leave those Bundles. I put them behind the Bar. Then he said, he wished I could let him lye there if it was but for one Night, for he wanted a Lodging, and there were so many wicked Houses about Town, that a sober Man could hardly find a Place to lay his Head in - At Night my Maid lighted him up Stairs, and when she came down she said she wondered I would let that strange Man lay there, for though he pretended so much Godliness, he had been very rude to her, and forced his Hand up her Coars. Upon this, we examined his Bundles, and found they were wet Skins, and suspecting he did not come honestly by them, we got a Constable, and made the Prisoner get up. And then he denied that ever he delivered the Skins to me.


                  William 
                  Spicer 
               



            , Beadle. When I saw the Skins were wet, and had no Stamps on them, I sent for a Constable. The Prisoner at first refused to rise, and denied that he brought the Bundles. He told us however that he worked for Mr. Bullock, at Colebrook. Upon which, one who was present, said, that Mr. Bullock had a Ware-house in Town, and so sent for King who belongs to the Ware-house.
J. Robinson. I know these are my Master Bullock's Skins by the Marks, for each of his Men marks his own Work, that if there is any Fault we may know who to blame.
Prisoner. I would not have left my Master but for the Wickedness of his Workmen, for they were so given to drink Gin, that I who had always behaved my self with Sobriety, could not bear to see them go on in that pernicious Practice. As for the Skins, I found them on this side Colebrook, and considering with my self that they might belong to my Master, I resolved as I was going to London, that I would deliver them to his Ware-house-keeper there. And this was my Design, on my Word and Truth, and as I hope for Mercy in the Kingdom of Heaven. But for Christ's Sake! for the Lord Jesus Sake! let me have my Punishment in my own Country.
The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


