







38. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Nixon 
                  



                
            , of St. Mary Whitechappel


, was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           Alice 
                           Stedman 
                        



                      
                   between the Hours of three and four in the Night, and stealing thence nine Cloath Coats value 36 s. eight Drugget Wastcoats, value 28s. three Cloath Wastcoats value 7 s. 6 d. two Drugget Wastcoats value 7 s. 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           Harris 
                        



, on the 13th of September

 last.


                  Margaret 
                  Harris 
               



            . I know nothing of the Prisoners, my Shop is taken out of the dwelling House of Stedman, and on Saturday Night, about the 13th of September, I lock'd up the Shop, and made all fast; on Monday when I came to open it, I found the Groove of the Shutters cut, the Shutter stuck up in its Place, and all my Goods gone.
Q. Is there a Door out of your shop into the House?
Harris. No, my Shop is made intire to myself, and I have no Door but that next the Street, nor any Door into the House.
~ 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dodd 
               



            . The Prisoner about a Week before Christmas last, in Company with me in the dead of the Night, pull'd down the Slide of one of this Woman's Shutters, and got into the Shop: We took away 19 Coats, two Wastcoats, and a pair of Leather Breeches; seventeen of the Coats were stopt, and she has got them again, according to my Direction; some of the Goods we sold, and some we pawn'd.
~ 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dodd 
               



             was try'd for a Robbery on the Highway in January Sessions; See Sessions Book, p. 50. Numb. 27.
Prisoner. He swears this against me, in Revence of a Quarrel. We fell out at Cricket, and fought, I beat him; and in an Hour or two afterwards he got me taken up.


                  Sam 
                  Breere 
               



            , 
               
                  Mary 
                  Collins 
               



            , 
               
                  Agnes 
                  Craven 
               



            , and others, appeared on the Prisoner's Behalf and gave him a good Character.
Another Witness. The 15th of December I had 18 Garments brought to me, some Coats, and some Waistcoats. Dodd I am positive was one, and I believe the Prisoner to be the other. I stopt the Goods 'till they should satisfy me as to their Characters; they told me they would fetch a Person who knew them, but I never saw them any more. By Dodd's Information Harris was directed to me for the Goods I remember one of the Lads told me his Name was Nixon, and the other 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cole 
               



            . Acquitted of the Burglary, 


               guilty of the Felony 39s
            

39. He was a second Time indicted with 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dobson 
                  



                
            , for 


               stealing two Cocks, value 2 s. and eight Hens value 8 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Peacock 
               



            .
John Peacock The Fowls were in my Yard on the Friday Night the 2d of April

: The next Morning my Pales were broke and the Fowls were gone. While I was at Change, a Man left Notice at my House, that this Dodd was seen with a Sack full of Fowls: We took him before Justice Farmer: He would own nothing till we took the little Boy
 Dobson; then he made himself an Evidence, and by his Directions, we took Nixon, and found five of my Fowls alive at one Nevet's in the &ack lane, Well-street. Nevet denied them, but upon searching with a Warrant, I found five in his House.


                  Thomas 
                  Dodd 
               



            . The 3d of April Dobson and I was going down Armitage street, and Nixon coming by, he told us there was Fowls in this Yard, and we agreed to have them. We went down and broke the Pales, and took out two Cocks and 8 Hens; 5 of which we sold to Nevet alive; 2 we sold dead over against Nevet's House; two we sold in Petticoat-lane, and one we gave away: When the Fowls were disposed of, we all three went into Petticoat-lane; there we shared the Money, and bought a Hog's Face, which we eat in an Alehouse.
Nevet appeared, and was examined; but the Court understanding that he was indicted as an Accessary, the Jury was inform'd that they must not regard his Evidence.
Dobson's Defence.
I met with Dodd and Nixon in Well Street, and they made me drink half a Pint of Gin; I was drunk, and went with them to the Corner of the Lane; I stood at the Corner, and they brought the Fowls to me.


                  Jane 
                  Dobson 
               



            . I know nothing but that my Child is very honest.


                  Susan 
                  Bunn 
               



            . I never heard any Harm of him. I have known him 4 or 5 Years.


                  Susan 
                  Spolston 
               



            . I may say I have known him before he was born, for I knew his Mother before he was born, and know nothing of him but that the Boy's a little short witted.
Nixon 

               acquitted
            . Dobson 


               guilty 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


