







                  Lionell 
                  Lias 
               



            , of St. Martins in the Fields


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver-hilted Sword, value 3 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Shotan 
                        




                      
                   in the House of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Rudd 
                     



 , January 13
.


                  John 
                  Shotan 
               



             thus depos'd, on Tuesday last, my Sword was stole out of Rudd's Coffee-House


, a Jew came in with Buttons, Buckles, &c. and took it down from where I had hung it; the Boy said, a Jew had been there, and he saw him take something, and run after him two or three Streets, and brought him back with the Sword; the Prisoner own'd he took the Sword; I ask'd him, why he took it? he said, he had a Wife and Child, and must pay his Rent.


                  John 
                  Barrow 
               



             thus depos'd, I was in the Coffee Room when the Jew came in with Buttons, Buckles , &c. and was going to buy a Pair of Buckles, but was called upon for half a Pint of Wine, after that for some bitter ; when I came again, I see the Prisoner in the Entry putting something in his Bosom; but he drop'd his Glove, I went after him, but he would not readily take it, at last turned himself side-way, and took it; presently the Gentleman miss'd his Sword, and I said, I'll be hang'd if the Jew has not taken it, I run out, and overtook the Prisoner at the end of Hedge-Lane, with the Sword between his Coat and Wastcoat; I laid hold of his Collar, and he begg'd I would let him go, but I took the Sword from him, and brought him back.
The Prisoner in his Defence, (if it may be called a Defence ) said, that he saw the Sword lying in the Entry just by the Door, stayed a little to see if any Body would own it, and then took it away. The Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


