








                     Benjamin 
                     Binham 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Lambourn 
                  



               
             , of St. Ann's Westminster



, were indicted, the former for, that he together with 
               
                  Leonard 
                  Burt 
               



            , did 


               feloniously steal a leaden Pump, 40 lb . Weight
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Cox 
                  



                
            , the 22d of October

 last, and the latter for 


               receiving it, knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  John 
                  Bishop 
               



             depos'd, That Binham and Burt stole the Pump from the Bulk on the out-side of Mr. Cox's Shop, about 7 a Clock at Night, and that it was carried to Lambourn , and he put it into the Scale, and said it came to 2 s. and also said here is three of you, when you bring any thing again, come but one at a time.


                  John 
                  Rixon 
               



             depos'd, That missing the Pump, they went to Lambourn's House, he being a noted Receiver of stolen Goods, and that he suspecting them, put out the Candle, denying that he had the Pump; but they going the next Morning, found it in the House of Office 8 Foot and a half deep in the Soil.
Another Evidence depos'd, That he saw him put it into the Scale, that not being able to get a Warrant that Night, they watch'd the House all Night, and having gotten one in the Morning, went and found it in the Manner before related, and that the Prisoner thereupon absconded for 3 Weeks, or a Month.
The Prisoner in h is Defence said, the Pump was bought by his Mother, and that a Girl threw it into the House of Office; but the Fact being plainly prov'd, the Jury found Binham 


               guilty to the Value of 10 d.
             and Lambourn 

               of the Indictment
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


