






4, 5. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Curry , alias 
Giles




               
            , and 
               
                  Rose 
                  Curry 
               



             , her Mother, of St. Botolphs without Bishopsgate



, were indicted for 


               stealing a Quilt, 4 Blankets, and other Things, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Peirson 
                        




                      
                  , in his House
            , the 9th of January
 last.


                  Henry 
                  Peirson 
               



            . 
               
                  Betty 
                  Curry 
               



             was my Servant
, she had lived with me 3 Months. Her Mother offer'd a Quilt to sell to Mrs. Basingham, who knowing that Betty was my Servant, suspected it was stolen from me, and gave me Notice of it. I went to Rose Curry's House, and found several Goods of mine there. When I examined the Girl about it, she confess'd that she us'd to let her Mother in o'Sundays in Sermon time, and that at those times her Mother took the Goods. I took her Confession in Writing at my own House, and she sign'd it; here it is.
Elizabeth Curry. When I sign'd it, I was frighted, and in a surprise, and my Master said, if I set my Hand to it, he would not hurt me.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Basingham 
               



            . Rose Curry offer'd to sell me a Quilt. I had her leave it till Night, that my Spouse might see it. I knowing that her Daughter liv'd with the Prosecutor, was a little suspicious. I inform'd him of it, and he went with me to the old Woman's House, where we found most of his Goods.


                  Sarah 
                  Basingham 
               



            . I went thither too, and ask'd the old Woman, how she came by the Quilt? she said, she bought it of a Man in Holbourn for 16 s. I told her that was less than it cost the Man, if he came honestly by it. Looking about, we found several other Things that belong'd to the Prosecutor, and examining the old Woman about 'em, she at last fell on her Knees and begg'd Pardon, and said, She had been the ruin of her Daughter. The Jury found them 


               Guilty to the Value of 39 s.
             each.





[Transportation. See summary.]


