





8. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Delane 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Gold Watch, val. 10 l and a Seal with a Cornelian Stone, val. 3 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Arnold 
                  




                
             , Nov.29
.
Mr. Arnold. I am a Painter
, and live in Covent-Garden . On the 29th of last Month, between Six and Seven o'Clock at Night, I was coming out of the City, and two Doors above Milford-Lane, near Arundel-street in the Strand


, the Prisoner forced between me and the Houses. I turn'd, and ask'd him what he wanted, and would have given him the Way. My Watch was then in my Fob; but a second Man came immediately up on the other Side of me, and the Prisoner and the second Man held me, while a Third took my Watch out of my Fob* . Then they all three ran away, and I cry'd out, Stop Thief! The Prisoner turn'd down Arundel-street , and I pursu'd him till I was out of Breath, and could run no longer, but
 *The Prisoner was indicted only for a Single Felony; as it appears upon this Evidence, he might bavcharg'd with a Street Robbery. he was follow'd by others who overtook him and seiz'd him, and he was search'd directly, yet we found nothing upon him, except an old Razor. The other two got quite away. I am positive the Prisoner was the Man who held me by my left Arm, and I charged him with being an Accomplice as soon as he was taken. Indeed I think he is in some Measure accessary to the Loss of it; and 'tis very hard a Man can't walk the Streets of London, - 'tis a very hard Case. We carry'd the Prisoner before Colonel De Veil, and there he would confess nothing, only he said he had a Being in Rag fair; but when he was at the Roundhouse , he said his Being was in Broad St Giles's. I have advertis'd the Watch, and offer'd twelve Guineas for it again, but have not had it, and as for the Seal, I could not have such a one for two Guineas. In short, he's the Man that laid Hands on me first, and held me till the two others came up; and what could I do? They might have knock'd down three such little Fellows as I am.


                  Robert 
                  Simmonds 
               



            . I am Apprentice to Mr. Darves , a Bricklayer, in Holborn, and happen'd (at the Time the Gentleman lost his Watch) to be coming through Arundel-street . There was a Cry of Stop Thief, and the Prisoner running very fast, I clapp'd my Hands round his Waist, and stopp'd him: He made no Resistance, though he had a Stick, but said the Fellow is gone this Way, and I was going after him, The Gentleman came presently up to us, and charg'd him with being an Accomplice of those who stole his Watch.
DEFENCE.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Wade 
               



            . I have liv'd with the Prisoner ever since last Christmas. He keeps a Lodging-house next Door but two to the Hay field, the upper End of Rag-fair, and he has a Child that I look after in his House. I went to see a Friend, and staid out with the Child all Night at one Mr. James's in Belton street , St. Giles's. The Prisoner came there next Day, to see for us, and between Six and Seven next Evening we were coming home down the Strand, and there being a Crowd of People, he endeavour'd to push along, to make Way for me, and the Child who was asleep in my Arms. I had hold of his Arm at the same time, but I let it go in the Crowd, that he might push through. At the same time I heard a Cry of Stop Thief, and stood still a little while, but having lost the Prisoner in the Crowd, I went home, and next Morning I heard - he was in Trouble.


                  George 
                  Carlow 
               



             . I know the Prisoner to be a Neighbour of mine. - I have known him between six and seven Years; he keeps a Houses and I never heard but that he had a good Character, and is beloved by his Neighbours, - He's a very civil Man.


                  Mary 
                  Travis 
               



            . I have known him between six and seven Years; he has been a House-keeper in one Parish for some time, and now he keeps a Lodging-house , and as far as I have heard, he bears a good Character. He kept the Ship in Bowl-Yard, and The Plough and Harrow in St. Thomas's street, and now he lives at the other End of the Town. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


