





8. 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Moge 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Canvas Bag, 997 Pieces of foreign silver Coin, call'd Dollars, value 230 l. and 2 Pieces of foreign silver Coin, call'd Ryals, value 10d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Cavalier 
                        




                      
                  , in a Ship, call'd the Bugby-Hole
            , Decem. 27
.
Capt. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Radford 
               



            . I had brought several Bags of Money in freight, and was going to send them to the Bank, when I miss'd one Bag that belong'd to Mr. 
               
                  Peter 
                  Cavalier 
               



            , there was 997 Dollars, and 2 Ryals in it, it was taken out of my Chest in the 
               
                  Gun 
                  Room 
               



            . The Prisoner is an Italian, he came over with me, I had given him his Passage. Upon search I found 2 Dollars in the Place where he lay, which made me suspect him. I examin'd him, and he confess'd he found the Bag in the 'Tween-decks, and kept it for me. We met with him at the Sign of the Tuscana Galley, where he gave me 800 and odd Dollars, 110 more we found by his Directions in a Jarr of Tent, and 16 at a Silversmith's Shop.
Prisoner. I found de Moany by de Goneroom Door, and not knowing who it belong to, I kept it till soam Body come to ass for it.


                  James 
                  Easton 
               



            . I was with the Captain when he miss'd the Money, and went with him to the Tuscana Galley, where the Prisoner gave us 870 Dollars; which he said, he had found, and kept for the Captain, or any Body that should enquire for them.


                  Joseph 
                  Brooks 
               



            . By the Captain's Order, I search'd the Ship for the Money that was missing, and found two Dollars on the Sails where the Prisoner used to lie, which made us suspect him. We found him at the Tuscana Galley, where he gave us 869 or 870 Dollars, and swore by G - , dare was all. We computed the Complement, and found there was 126 wanting. Then he said, he had sold Sisteen for 3 Guineas; he went with us to the Place, and we found them accordingly I told him, that was not all, upon which he called me aside, and said, By my ait I had forgot dare is 110 in a Bottle of de Vine, in de Closet, at the Tuscana.
Prisoner. I coud have gone avay vid de Moany if I vood, for I had it 2 Days and 2 Nights; but I kept it in espettasion dat it vood be ast for, and did no vant to concheal it, for ven de Captain essamind me about it, I told him directly vare it vas. The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


