






3. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Greenwood 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing four Linnen Sheets, value 12 s. two silk Handkerchiefs, value 5 s. a Shirt, value 2 s. four silver Tea-Spoons, value 4 s. a silver Tea-strainer, value 1 s. three large silver Spoons, value 20 s. and other Things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Astley 
                  



                
            , May 13

. And
4. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Franklin 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving a Parcel of the said Goods knowing them to be stolen
            .
Isaac Astley. The Prisoner was my Servant
, about 7 or 8 Months; then I gave her Warning; when her time was up, I asked her for the several Things she had in use; at first she would not tell me what was become of them, but at length she own'd they were pawn'd. Three large Spoons, 4 Tea Spoons and 2 pair of Silver Buckles were pawn'd for between 30 and 40 Shillings. I thought these were all I had lost, so I let her go; but upon examining farther, I found my Linnen gone then I made it my Business to find her out. and took her before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brocas 
               



            , where she confess'd, and by her Direction we found 2 Sheets, a Shirt, 2 Silk Handkerchiefs and a pair of Stockings at one Mrs. Curtis's, a Pawnbroker, 2 Shirts at Mr. Wybourn's on Saffron Hill; 2 Pewter Dishes and a Sheet at Mrs. Young's and another Sheet at Mrs. Howards; a Saucepan and a Pewter Plate, the Prisoner Franklin pawn'd at Howard's, she has lain many Nights in my House unknown to me, and they have taken all Opportunities to wrong me.


                  Thomas 
                  Wood 
               



            , Constable. The Prisoner confess'd she had pawn'd the Goods at Curtis's, Howard's and Wybourn's; when Franklin was taken up we carry'd her to Mrs. Curtis, and she shew'd us before her Face, what Things Franklin, and what Greenwood had brought.
The Pawnbrokers appear'd and gave an Account of the particular Times, when the Prisoners pawn'd the Goods. Sarah Greenwood 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
             Franklin 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


