






50, 51. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hargrove 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Matth.ew 
                     Martin 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 3 Guineas, in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, the Money of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Davis 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling-house
            , March 4
.


                  Ann 
                  Davis 
               



            . My Husband keeps a Goldsmiths
 by Holborn-Bridge


: On Friday the 4th of March, Thomas Hargrove, or Yorkshire Tom, (for that's one of his Names) and Matthew Martin, the 2 Prisoners came to our Shop to buy a Pair of Buttons, I asked them 20 d. for a Pair; Hargrove said, I must use him well, for he always came to Mr. Davis when he wanted any Thing in our Way; so I allow'd them for 18 d. and he threw down a 36 Shilling Piece to change, I put it into the Till, and took out a Box of Gold, and gave him a Guinea out of the Box, in part of his Change; then he asked me to let him have a Queen Ann's Guinea, I looked for one in my Box (which was full of Gold) and I found one; if you have got more of them says he, I should be obliged to you if you'd let me change them; but while I was laying down that which I had found, he slapp'd his Hand into the Box, and took out as many as he could grasp; then he turn'd his Hand, as tho' he would look for the Queen Anne's Money, and I saw he had as much Gold as cover'd the Palm of his Hand; I was surpriz'd, and would have taken it from him, but he turn'd his Hand upon the Box again, and gingled some of it in again, keeping his Thumb bent underneath the Palm of his Hand, - and there's your Money gain, he cry'd, - pray Madam give me my Change: His Handkerchief lying on the Counter, he took it up with the other Hand, and toss'd it into the Hand in which he had conceal'd the Money, and put it into his Pocket. When I recover'd my self, I said, - hark'e Sir, - I don't like your putting your Hand into my Box, - I desire to see what you've got in that Pocket; why, says he, d'ye think I have got your Money! - search me and welcome, I have above 20 Guineas about me; I will see, says I, what you have in that Pocket, and I did take Hold of his Coat, and endeavoured to put my Hand into his Pocket, but that Moment he clapp'd his Hand into it himself, and took out a Piece of rumpled Paper, and gave it to Martin, who stood behind him, and he ( Martin ) whipp'd it at once into his Coat Pocket, and at the same Instant I heard the Guineas chink as they fell to the Bottom of his Pocket. Why, says I, you've robb'd me! I robb'd you! says Yorhshire Tom (the lusty Fellow there) - yes, you, said I, - you took my Money, and your Companion has receiv'd it from you, and immediately I call'd out - Thieves! Thieves! I am robb'd! (for I had no Body in the Shop but my self.) When I cryed out so loud, they star'd upon each other, and Yorkshire Tom, and the other Prisoner Martin, threw me down, each of them a Guinea, and said, - there, there's your Money, but I ran towards the Window and beckon'd to the People, who were now gather'd at the Door, and when they came in, I told them, I had got a couple of Thieves. We have a Sash Door to the Shop, and it being Friday and Cattle coming in the Street, the Sash Door was shut, but my Maid hearing me cry out, she came down Stairs and had open'd the Door. I desired some of the People to call a Constable. -
Prisoners Did we endeavour to get away?
Mrs. Davis. No, they did not, - there was a great Croud about the Door, and they could not. - But when the Constable came in, I took them backwards, with several of my Neighbours; some of them knew Yorkshire Tom, and his Character, and desired me to take care of him. My Husband came Home presently after, and they told him, though they knew nothing of the Affair, yet they would give him 5 or 6 Guineas rather than he should expose them.
Q. How much Money did you miss.
Mrs. Davis. I can't tell exactly how much; but after the Hurley Burley was over, and I came to recollect my self, I found several Pieces of Gold missing.
Q. Were there more Pieces missing than those which they threw down again upon the Counter?
Mrs. Davis Yes several; but how many I can't really say; and as they were going before the Justice, I believe they shufled the Money from one to another, for they were search'd before him, and then Martin had none of it, but Hargrove had three Guineas and 9 s. 6 d. in Silver and 2 new Handkerchiefs.
Q. You are not sure those three Guineas were yours?
Mrs. Davis. No, I am not sure, but I believe they were as much mine as any one I ever had in my Life.
Councel. You can't be positive, what Money was in the Box.
Mrs. Davis. No; the Box will hold 30 Guineas.
Councel. And can you distinguish by taking two or three Guineas out, whether there has any been taken.
Mrs. Davis. Yes; four Guineas will make a great Vacancy; for it was a Box that screw'd, and 'twas quite full when I took it out to give them change.
Yorkshire Tom. The Box is so small, that I can't get my Finger into it.
Mrs. Davis. But you put all your Fingers into it. He insisted upon his 36 Shilling-piece, and I said, I have got your Money, and you have got mine. Well says Hargrove, whatever you think you have lost, I will give it rather than be expos'd.
Yorkshire Tom. Ask her if she did not turn my Pocket inside out?
Mrs. Davis. No, my Lord; I never put my Hand into his dirty Pocket. He had his 36 Shilling piece again before the Justice.


                  Samuel 
                  Davis 
               



            . I had been out about a Quarter of an Hour, when the Fact was committed; when I came Home, my Spouse declared the whole to me in the same Manner she has now done. I look'd over my Money, and miss'd 2 Guineas, beside the 2 Guineas which they had thrown her back. There was about 30 l - in the Box, - 14 Guineas and the rest Portugal Gold.
Q. Was all the Portugal Gold there?
Mr. Davis. I am doubtful of that; but I am sure there were 2 Guineas wanting. When we came before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brocas 
               



             they were search'd, and Hargrove had three Guineas and some Silver, but Martin had only 6 d. and a pair of Dice, about him. Martin keeps a sort of a Gaming Table, - a raffling stool.
Councel. You say there were both Guineas and Portugal Gold in it; are you sure there were so many Guineas?
Mr. Davis. Yes; I inspected the Guineas, but a triffling Time before I went out.
The Constable. The 4th of March I was sent for to Mr. Davis's, and found the 2 Prisoners there. I had a suspicion of them, for I had some Knowledge of Yorkshire Tom. I took charge of them; and when Mr. Davis came in, says Yorkshire Tom to him, may be you may know better what was in the Box than your Wife, tell it over; he did so, and said he miss'd Gold, but did not mention the Sum. When we came before the Justice, Yorkshire Tom told me, I might have made up this matter for them; I said, I did not understand making up such Things; why says he if you'll make it up I'll give 10 Guineas, and you shall have a handsome Present yourself.
Yorkshire Tom. You wanted me to give you 10 Guineas, and you sent for Mr. Taylor the Thief-taker with that Intent, and I said I would not pay any Thing in my Wrong.
The Constable. On my Oath, he propos'd the making up the Affair to me himself Taylor desired me to take Care of him; for (he said) he was a dangerous Fellow with his Knife. Yorkshire Tom, about two Months ago came to my Shop, and would have serv'd me the very same Trick I suppose, for he wanted some of Queen Anne's Guineas then too.
Councel. That does not relate to this Fact, and it must not be given in Evidence.
Hargrove's Defence. I made a Bargain for the Buttons, and she gave me Change out of a 36 s. Piece, I asked her to give me a Queen Anne's Guinea, and she did. I desired her to let me have another, and she tender'd the Money into my Hand, and bid me look my self; I look'd it over, and then bid her take her Money again.


                  John 
                  Bolton 
               



            . I have known the Prisoners Seven Years: As to Martin I have dealt with him for some Pounds, and never found but that he was an honest Man. I live in Tottenham-Court Road, and deal in Plate, Martin deals in small Plate
 likewise.


                  John 
                  Bedford 
               



            . I'll speak nothing but the Truth; - I deal in Birds, my Lord, and live at St. Giles's in the Fields, Martin goes up and down the Country with small Plate.
Mr. Davis. My Lord, please to ask, if he does not go up and down with Dice and Totums, a Gaming?
Bedford. I know nothing of his Totum, his general Character is, that of an honest Man.
- Green. I was a Labourer a while ago; but now I am a Victualler in St. Giles's. Hargrove used to go about the Streets with a Wheel-barrow, what he does now I can't tell.
C. But his Trade is improved, he does not do so now.
Green. Martin used to go under the Name of an honest Man, in the Way of dealing fairly by his Neighbours, and not being given to quarelling.
Mr. Davis. Ask him if Hargrove has not been in Newgate before?
Hargrove. Yes, I have been there before, and so have you; for you have been 2 or 3 Times there to see me.
Green. Hargrove has been in Newgate before, but Martin (I believe,) never has.


                  John 
                  Edwards 
               



            . Hargrove I know nothing off, I have been in Martin's Company some few Times, but I know very little of him neither.


                  Joshua 
                  Murphey 
               



            . I deal in Soot, and that very largely, and I live in Newtoner's-Lane. Martin I believe has a pretty good Character, and breeds his Children very behaving. I know no ill of Hargrove; he never did ill to me: I can't say - what I have heard, - I can't remember what I have heard, - I can't say so much to his Character.
Q. Has he a good or a bad Character?
Murphey. I don't know what to say in the Case.
Q. Have you heard any Hurt of him or not?
Murphey. Why, - if I must - speak the Truth, he has been in Newgate before.


                  Ann 
                  Edwards 
               



            . In Cross-Lane I live, by St. Giles's, and I keep a Chandlers Shop there. Martin lives in the Neighbourhood, and I only know him as a Neighbour - no, no, I have no Conversation with him, but he bears the Character of a civil Man there.
Q. Do you know Hargrove?
Edwards. I never was here before, and God bless me, I'll never come here again. - Yes, I have known him too some Years, - I won't forswear my self for any Body, - He used to sell Peas and Cherries, and Fruit about Streets. He was in Newgate once I know, for 'sulting Justice Midford in his Office, - nothing else, as I know of. Both 


               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Hargrove: Transportation. See summary.]







[Martin: Branding. See summary.]


