







49, 50, 51. 
               
                  
                     Thomes 
                     Morris 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pritchard 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the House of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Allen 
                        



                      
                  , about 12 at Night, and stealing thence 3 Porridge Pots, 6 Copper Sauce-pans, 3 Pewter Dishes, a Velvet Cap, and a Peruke, the Goods of Samuel Allen
            , January 27

. And 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Eades 
                  



               
            , for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stollen
            , January 28

.


                  Samuel 
                  Allen 
               



            . I know nothing of the Prisoners. In January my House was robbed; I was up my self 'till 11 o'Clock, and left my House safe when I went to bed; in the Morning, a Shutter was taken off, and the Sash which was nailed down, was forced up. I lost 3 Pots, 6 Copper Sauce-pans, 3 Pewter Dishes, a Velvet Cap, and a Peruke.



                  Daniel 
                  Shaw 
               



            . I made my self a voluntary Evidence against the Prisoners, intending to go to Sea, and get away from them. A pretty while after Christmas, Pritchard asked me to take a walk with him, and he and I, and Morris went to Hoxton, about 12 o'Clock at noon; we viewed Allen's House, and Pritchard said, this is a proper House, we can get in here. Then we went to the Farthing Pye-house, and drank two Full Pots; about 11 o'Clock at night we went to Allen's again, and staid about the House 'till 12. We found the Doors lock'd and fast, but with a ripping Chissel and a Knife, I made way to open the Pin of the Window; then we wrenched the Shutter down, and finding the Sashes nailed, I forced one of them up my self. Then says Pritchard, D - n me, who will go in; one was afraid, and t'other was afraid; keep a good look out, says I, and I will go in: They said, if any body came by, they would cry, Hyp. I got in, and unbolted the Door, then I handed out three Porridge Pots, one of them had three Feet on the bottom; six Sauce-pans, they were Copper, I believe, and as soon as we had got them, we carried them to the Prisoner Eades, three Pewter Dishes, a Velvet Cap, and a Natural Wig; we put them into a Flower-bag, and thinking we heard a Noise, we got out, and went off. I put the Cap and Wig in my Pocket; Pritchard and Morris put the rest of the Things into the Bag, as I handed them out. Then we made the best of our way, and took spell and spell, turn and turn to carry them to Rag-Fair, and we got there between two and three; from thence we went to Salt-Peter Bank, to a Glass-house, which is tumbled down, and we hid the Things under the Rubbish, and stow'd Bricks upon them. Happening to see 
               
                  Mary 
                  Eades 
               



             there, (for 'tis a common Place for such People) she told us, she knew a Place where they bought such Things. I asked her, if she would sell them for us, and told her, we had stole them; she said, she knew a Case, where she could dispose of such Things; so I gave her the three Porridge-pots, and the six Sauce-pans, to another Woman who was with her. They went away together, and came back for the Dishes; we gave them the Dishes directly, and then they went away, and brought us 25 s. G - d d - m your Blood, you B - ch, says, Pritchard to Eades, have you brought us no more? she said, no, she could not get any more. About two o'Clock that Afternoon, I sold the Wig, and the Cap for half a Crown each, which made just 30 s. together, and Eades had 4 s. for her Trouble; 2 s. we spent upon her, and divided 8 s. a piece. The 2 s. we spent at an Irish Man's at Salt-Peter Bank, at the Sign of the Hoop: After this, I did not see them for a matter of four Months.
Eades. 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Shaw 
               



            , Can you say I received the 4 s. from you?
Shaw. She kept 4 s. out of the Money. She said, she had sold the Pots to one in Bishop's Gate street; I sent Word to the Prosecutor, but there was no such Person to be found.
Eades. Who was the other Woman that was with me?
Shaw. Phoenix, was with you.


                  Robert 
                  Clark 
               



            . I was at Justice Farmer's to have a Warrant discharged; and while I was there, Shaw came voluntarily, and made this Information: I staid while he made it, and by his Direction we took the three Prisoners.
Morris. I can prove where I was when the Robbery was done.
Pritchard. I am as innocent as the Child in its Mother's Womb.
Eades. Shaw quarrelled with me about fetching a Hat out of pawn, and because I would not, he has made himself a Puff. I was drinking a Dram, and he came with these Gentlemen, and said, these are your Prisoners; I said, Daniel, you know Phaenix has got the Hat: I shewed her where to pawn it; and he gave me a Quartern of Gin, and told me he stole it from a Man, in the first Field in Stepney.


                  John 
                  Turner 
               



            . Morris came to work with me (a Sawyer) March 27, and staid 7 or 8 Days; during which Time he behaved well.


                  Thomas 
                  Wisdom 
               



            , gave the same Evidence.

Several others appeared to Morris's Character, who had not heard ill of him before. 

               Guilty
            , Morris and Pritchard. 



               Death
            . Eades, 


               Transportation
            .
