







16. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wardlow , alias 
Wadlow




               
             and 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Daniel 
                  



                
            , were indicted, Wadlow for 


               stealing a Coat, a Wastcoat, and a Pair of Breeches
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pippin 
                  



                
            , November 28


. and Daniel for 


               receiving the same knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  Mary 
                  Pippin 
               



            . The Goods were stolen out of my Kitchen about seven o'Clock on Thursday Night. I went to 
               
                  Martha 
                  Daniel 
               



             a Pawnbroker
 and offer'd to pay whatever they were pawn'd for. She said she had none of them, this was on the Tuesday following, and three Weeks afterwards a strange Man came and asked me if I had not lost such a Suit of Gray. I told him, Yes. And then he told me, The Cloaths are pawn'd for a Guinea, and you must give me a Guinea before you see them or the House where they be. I gave him the Money. Then he carried me to the House of the Prisoner Martha Daniel, and she shew'd me the Cloaths, and said she had them at eight o'Clock the same Night that I lost them; I asked her why she did not let me have them when I first enquired for them and offer'd her the Money. She said she was afraid that when I had got the Cloaths, I would not be so good as my Word - I found that the Stranger was her Daughter's Husband.


                  Mary 
                  Pattison 
               



            . (the Pawnbroker's Maid)
On Thursday Night I took the Cloaths of Wardlow, and lent him a Guinea upon them. My Mistress was not then at home. And I was not at home when the Prosecutor came to enquire for them, which was on the Tuesday following.
Court. But had not you acquainted your Mistress with it in all that time?
Pattison. No.
Pippin. She has sworn falsly, for she was in the Shop when I went to enquire for the Goods. I asked her if she had not taken in such Things, and she said she did not know, but she would ask her Mistress. And so she called her Mistress into the Shop. Do you know, says her Mistress, in whose Name the Things were pledged. No, says I, for to tell you the Truth they were stolen.
M. Pattison. My Mistress afterwards order'd me to stop Wardlow the next time he came, and so I did when he came to pawn a Black Suit.
The Jury found Wardlow 

               guilty
            , and 

               acquitted
             Daniel.
Wardlow was a second time indicted for 


               stealing a Coat and Waistcoat, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wollard 
                        



, December 10


. This was the Black Suit mentioned in the former Trial. The Jury found him 

               guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


