







                     Sarah 
                     Bye 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing a Watch, the Goods of 
                     



                  , in the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Brown 
                     



, the 9th of March
 last.
The Prosecutor depos'd, That he was an Importer of Wines
, and that having heard that Mr. Brown vended a Quantity of Wine, he went thither to get a Customer; that coming to Mr. Brown's Door, he was looking up at the Sign , and the Prisoner standing there, told him, she was a Lodger in the House, and very officiously introduced him, and going up Stairs they drank a Pint of Wine or two, and he call'd for the Master or Mistress of the House, that the Prisoner rose from her Seat and shut the Window-shutters, and having got his Watch and Cane ran down Stairs, he followed her as fast as he could, and ask'd the Mistress for the Prisoner; she ask'd, what was the Matter? He said, Do you keep a Bitch in the House to rob me? That then there was a Guinea demanded for the Watch by the Prisoner, and the Watch was afterwards carried to Justice Midford.
The Prisoner pleaded, That the Prosecutor met her, and ask'd her to drink, and gave her half a Crown to lye with her, and got her down on the Ground, and his Breeches being down might lose his Watch there, for it was afterwards found in the Ashes in the Chimney-Corner.


                  Edward 
                  Dogwell 
               



             depos'd, That the Prosecutor and Prisoner came in together, and drank a Pint or two of Wine, and after some time the Prisoner came down, and the Prosecutor follow'd with his Breeches down, and said, he had lost his Watch. The Fact being plainly prov'd, the Jury found her 


               guilty to the value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


