





7. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Matkins 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Gold Medal, value 16 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     King 
                  




                
            , March 3
.


                  William 
                  King 
               



            . I drank 2 or 3 Bottles of Wine with the Prisoner, at the Key and Garter in Drury-lane


. When the Reckoning came to be paid, I pulled out some Money and this Medal among it. She asked me to let her look on it, and so She took it out of my Hand; and put it into her Mouth; and then told me she had swallow'd it. Mrs Jones the Landlady, let her out at the back Door. I desir'd Mrs Jones to call the Watch; but She bid me do it my self. I ran out and catch'd the Prisoner; and getting Assistance, carried her to St. Martin's Round-house, Mrs Jones came, and said, if I'd take her Word, the Prisoner should be forthcoming on the Morrow, and I shou'd have the Medal in 3 Days, if I would give the Prisoner the Value of it in Silver.
Prisoner. Was not you with other Whores in Windsor-Court, where you drank 5 or 6 Quarterns of Brandy with them, and then they beat you?
Prosecutor. Yes, I had been up the Court with another Woman, but she wrong'd me of nothing.
Prisoner. But was not you a fighting with them? and did not I come and take your part, when they were a beating of you?
Prosecutor. There was a little of a Debate - but no Fighting as I remember.
Prisoner. You was drunk, and don't know what there was - I am sure you begg'd of me to see you safe out of the Court, for you was afraid they'd quite demolish you; and when we came into the Lane, you invited me to drink a Glass of Wine for my Civility.


                  Stephen 
                  Ewen 
               



            . The Constable being busy, desired me to go with the Prisoner to the Round-house, And as I was going with her in a Coach, she pull'd out some Silver, and a Piece of Gold a little bigger than a Half-Guinea, and said she had it of the Gentleman, but he should never have it again.
Prisoner. Did I say, I robb'd him of it?
Ewen. I don't say you did.
Prisoner. Did not I say he gave it me?
Ewen. I believe you might


                  William 
                  Scot 
               



            , Constable. In the Round-house the Prisoner said, She had swallow'd the Medal; but if the Man would give her the Value of it, he should have it again; and she said he gave it her.
Prisoner. And so he did about 2 in the Morning. And the Woman of the House knows it; for she was in the Room all the while - but she is not here, because they want to prosecute her for keeping a Baudy-house.
Prosecutor. Why did you run away, if I gave it you?
Prisoner. I did not run.
Prosecutor. You are a saucy lying B -
The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


