





13. 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Allom 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing 43 Pair of Stockings, Value 3 l. 10 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Baily 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , Jan. 31
.


                  Thomas 
                  Baily 
               



            . I live by Great-Turnstile in Holborn


. On the 31st of Jan. I lost 43 Pair of Boys Stockings out of my Shop, and on Feb. 5, I sent my Boy to search for them in Rosemary-Lane.


                  Thomas 
                  Bonn 
               



            . I went by my Master's Orders, and found the Stockings at Mr. Hancock's in Rosemary-Lane: He said, he had them of the Prisoner, who was at the Chequer-Ale-House over the Way.
R. Hancock. On Wednesday, the Prisoner came to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Bays 
               



            , who keeps the Chequer-Ale-House, and exposed the Stockings to sale. A Man bought them for two Guineas and gave a Shilling Earnest; but afterwards thinking them too dear, he relinquish'd his Bargain and lost his Earnest; they then lay at the Ale-house four Days, and I at last bought them at 9 s. per Dozen, which was a Guinea and a Half for the Whole. Ray told me the Prisoner was an Attorney at Law.
Court. What! and sold Stockings by the Dozen at an Ale-house?


                  Richard 
                  Ray 
               



            . I never saw the Prisoner but three Times before.
Court. And yet you gave him a Character to Hancock.
Ray. My Landlord told me, that the Prisoner's Uncle was very rich, and dealt in Stockings, and the Prisoner might have them from him.
Prisoner. I hope they have not made it appear that I stole the Stockings.
Court. Something very like it. The Goods were found in your Possession.
Prisoner. I once had the Honour to be called an Attorney
 of the King's-Bench, I was sworn in, and I am sure I paid for it; but I have met with Vicissitudes in Life, as any Man may.
Court. Are you a wholesale Dealer in Stockings too? How came you by those Goods?
Prisoner. Why, there's the Mischief of it. 'Tis my Unhappiness that I can't prove how I came by them. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


