








                     Mary 
                     Downing , alias 
Downey




               
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Ventland , alias 
Vickland




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 2 half Guineas
            , the Money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Saxon 
                  




                
            , the 23d of July
 last .

The Prosecutor depos'd, That as he was coming from Aldgate


, being near Creed-Church


, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Ventland 
               



             got hold of his Arm, asking him, if he would not be loving and kind, telling him, she had not got a Half-penny that Night, and Downey thrust her Hand directly into his Pocket, and he immediately miss'd his Money, and laid hold on both the Prisoners; that then a Man came up to him, pretending to be Ventland's Husband, and lifting up his Cane, 
               
                  Swore, G


             - d D - n him, he would knock him down, if he d id not let his Wife go; but he saying he would lose his Life before he would lose his Money, the Watchman came up, and he charg'd the Watchman with the other two, and he secur'd Downing; and carrying them to the Watch-house charg'd them, with picking his Pocket; he added, that being at the Bull-Head , they would have made it up, offering him first 10 s. then 15, and then 20 s. promising him also, a good Treat if he would make it up.


                  Thomas 
                  Dixon 
               



            , the Watchman, depos'd, That hearing a Noise he came up, and the Prosecutor charg'd them with picking his Pocket.
The Constable depos'd, That when they came to the Watch-house, the Prosecutor charg'd them with picking his Pocket; and that Ventland ran him up against the Wall, and Downey pick'd his Pocket.
Mary Downing call'd one Ilive , who depos'd, That he saw the Prosecutor on Friday Night very drunk, and he would have forc'd two Women down into an Alley, saying, he had no Money, but he would have a - ; that he told him, he had better go home, he might probably come by some damage; that the Prosecutor reply'd, what was that to him, he was resolv'd to have a - before he went home.
A Watchman was also call'd to Ventlana's Character, who depos'd, That he had often seen her walk the Streets, and once she came to him, and said, My dear, I must have a Buss of you, and he refusing her, she said, she would have a Buss for she had Swore it; and ask'd him, what Watch-house he belong'd to? and he said to Aldgate; that then she said, it may be you will see my - come sailing by, if you do see it home, it is black, it may be you will be frighted at it, but don't be afraid of it. After a full hearing of the Matter the Jury found them 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d. each
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


