





12. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cox 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing 48 iron Hoops, value 3 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Tomes 
                        




                      
                  , in his Warehouse
            , October 19.


Thomas Tomes. I have a Warehouse near Cavendish-Square


, in which I had several large Iron-bound Casks, new painted, for a Distiller. I went out of Town the 1st of October, and return'd the 28th, when I found my Casks stripp'd of most of the Hoops.


                  Thomas 
                  Smithers 
               



            . On Saturday Morning, Oct. 13. the Watchman knock'd my Mistress Tomes up, and told her the Warehouse was broke open; I went and found the Door broke, the Lock off, the Staple drawn, and the Casks lying at Rack and Manger, with the Hoops knock'd off. Three or four Days after I saw five or six of these Hoops at the Door of 
               
                  Benj 
                  Gilbert 
               



            , a Smith; I told my Mistress, got a Warrant from Justice Lamb, and upon Search found a Dozen at Gilbert's, and two more at 
               
                  John 
                  Harvey 
               



            's ; I know the Hoops to be the same we lost, because they are painted Green, have no Rivets, and when we try'd 'em they jump'd exactly into the Places they were taken from, and we could try them well enough, because some of the Casks had two or three Hoops left on them, which held them together.
Gilbert and Harvey depos'd that they bought the Hoops for a Penny a Pound of the Prisoner, who told them they were old Hoops that came off some Casks where he had been doing a Jobb, and were given him to sell.
The Prisoner pretended he had those Hoops of a Carpenter to sell for him, but said he did not know who the Carpenter was, where to find him.
The Jury found him 


               guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


