







                     Mary 
                     Edwards 
                  



               
             , of the Parish of Christ-Church, Spittle-Fields


 , was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 85 Yards of Camblet, value 4 l. 45 Yards of Stuff, value 35 s. 50 Yards of Rosetto, value 30 s. and other Goods, in the Warehouse of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Lee 
                        



                      
                   , and 
                     
                        
                           Hester 
                           Spear 
                        



 , the 10th of this present October
.


                  George 
                  Spear 
               



             depos'd, That on the Morning of the Day laid in the Indictment, he hearing an out-cry about 5 or 6 in the Morning, that the House was Robb'd, he went and found the Prisoner there, and the Goods were found in her Apron under a Bed.


                  Alexander 
                  Lee 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner had been employ'd to turn a Throwing-Mill in his Father-in-Law's Work-shop, and taking an Opportunity, got into the Warehouse, and took out the Goods, putting them into her Apron, and laid them under a Bed; and that being examined, she own'd, that she came in the Morning before, and having taken an Opportunity, the Warehouse-Door being left open, to take the Goods out of the Warehouse, carried them up into the Garret, and stay'd in the Garret all Night, to have carried them out the next Morning; that she did design to carry some away, but only two Pieces, because the whole six were too heavy.


                  Henry 
                  Elliot 
               



             depos'd, He met the Prisoner coming down Stairs with something in her Apron, and her Shoes in her Hand, that he calling his Fellow-Prentice , she run up Stairs, and put them under his old Master's (deceas'd) Bed; and that being ask'd how she came in, said, she slipt in privately to get a Night's Lodging, her Sister having Lock'd her out of Doors.


                  George 
                  Pain 
               



             depos'd, That he being call'd by the former Evidence, ask'd her, how she got in? she said, she got in as they were sitting by the Fire about Ten o'Clock at Night; that the Goods were his Master's, and were in the Warehouse, that he did not see the Prisoner have the Goods, but they were found under the Bed, where the Prisoner owned she had laid them.
The Prisoner did not deny her taking the Goods out of the Warehouse, but that she did design to have put them in again, and waited for an Opportunity so to do, and came down that Morning with a Design so to do. Upon a full hearing of the Evidence , the Jury found her 


               Guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


