







                     Richard 
                     Peacock 
                  



               
            , of White Fryers


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard, value 3 l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Waters 
                  




                
            , December 20
.


                  Francis 
                  Waters 
               



             depos'd, That he keeps a publick House
, (the George in Water-Lane


,) and that the Prisoner was Drinking at his House about three Hours, and another Person was with him part of the time; but he paid his Reckoning, went into other Company, and left the Prisoner alone with the Tankard; that while his Wife went into the Bar for Change, the Prisoner went off with the Tankard, without paying his Reckoning; his Tankard (which was produc'd in Court) he found at a Pawn-brokers, who did not care to appear.


                  Edward 
                  Vickeris 
               



             depos'd, That he was at the George when the Prisoner came in, and that they sate and drank together at one Table; but he having some Friends come, paid his part of the Reckoning, and left the Prisoner with the Tankard; that the Prisoner stayed longer, and moved to a Table next the Door, and some time after, the Tankard and Prisoner were gone.


                  Joseph 
                  Williams 
               



             depos'd, He saw the Prisoner at Mr. Waters's, and that after the other Person left his Company, the Prisoner stay'd near an Hour, that he saw him have the Tankard in his Hand the Minute before he went out , and when he was gone out, he went after him, but being dark , could not find which way he was gone.
The Prisoner had little to say in his Defence, but that he left the Tankard behind him.


                  Francis 
                  Peacock 
               



            , 
               
                  Anne 
                  Yeats 
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cooper 
               



             spoke to his Reputation, but nothing to contradict the King's Evidence; the Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


