





59. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Wettley 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Portugal Piece of Gold, value 36s. and 7 Guineas, from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Robins 
                        




, Apr. 9
.
John Robins. Last Monday Night I was going up Holborn and met that Gentlewoman there, and another with her. So Countryman, said they, where are you going? Why Home, says I, where should I go? Go along with us, says one of them. What should I go along with you for, I can't Kiss you? Will you bung your Eyes, said I? Yes, if I pleas'd they said; and so they carry'd me to one Mrs. Wests House, - I don't know what Street 'tis in, not I, - I am but a stranger here. But that woman there, and I, went in and drank; I saw none but she and the Landlady. When we had drank together a while, I call'd for the Landlady to give me Change for the Liquor, but I never got my Change of her; when she came in, she said to the Prisoner, bilk him - make the best of him; so we drank together, and she grew mighty familiar, - more familiar than I thought she should be, - stand further off says I, - I am afraid of you. Presently after this the Landlady came in, and put out the Candles, and pushing me out of Doors, I had like to have broke my Shins. When I was out of the House they run me up against the Wall of a Brew-House, and left me. I found my Money was gone, so I ran roaring and hallooing out for a Watchman, and at last a Watchman found me, and carry'd me Home, Next Morning I was a little uneasy about my Money, and I told the Folks how I had been serv'd, and that I had lost 9 l. 3 s. What's her Name said they? Her Name, says I, - why I don't know her Name, - only they call'd her Peg. O! says one of them, we can help you to Peg again, and so they carry'd me from one House to to'ther House, and at last we found Peg at a Pawnbroker's redeeming her Cloaths out of Pawn, with my Money I suppose. I ran for a Warrant to take her up, and when I return'd, the People told me she had confess'd her taking my Money, and she had return'd a Guinea and a half, a 36 Shilling-piece, and Half-a-Crown. When she was before the Justice, she own'd the Fact again, and upon searching her, we found another Guinea in her Snuff-Box, and 13s in her Pocket, which she own'd was Part of my Money. Some of the Gold (she said) she had chang'd to redeem her Things, and three Guineas her Landlady took from her, for her Share. She said she took it out of my Fob-Pocket, - I don't know how she did it, not I, - 'twas in my Fob, in a green silk Wallet. I have no more to say, - not I.
Prisoner. Do you swear I pick'd your Pocket?
Robins. Yes; and you know you did. I did not miss it 'till they push'd me out of the House. There was none but she in my Company; the Landlady only brought in the Liquor, and I felt for my Money and had it as I went into the House.
Geo Thompson. The Prisoner was brought to my House, by some People, to whom she had return'd the 36 Shilling-piece, with a Guinea and half, and Half a Crown; the Money was paid in my Backside, - my Back-side in the Yard. While she was before the Justice we found 13 s. in her Pocket, and a Guinea in her Snuff-Box. She own'd she took the Money she is charg'd with out of his Pocket; and put the rest into it again.
Robins. No; she did not take all, - for I had 14 l. in my Pocket. She took what she pleas'd, and left me the rest in the Wallet.
Prisoner. Where did you go to see what Money was lost?
Robins. To my Inn. I could not tell my Money over in the Street, - in the Dark.
Prisoner. Was you asleep in the House?
Robins. Asleep, - no; nor I was not asleep.
Prisoner. Was you drunk or sober?
Robins. Sober - why I was not very sober - nor I was not very fuddled.
Prisoner to the Constable. Was he drunk or sober?
Thompson. He was drunk. She own'd she took the Money (before the Justice) out of his Pocket, and said nothing in her Excuse.
Prisoner. Did you give me the Purse to tell the Money over?
Robins. No - no - no - I did not like you so well. I was only drinking there - that's all: she was greater with me than I desir'd. We had 3 Bottles of Ale, and I paid the Reckoning - 3 Shillings and 6 Pence


                  Joseph 
                  Stollard 
               



            . The Prisoner confess'd the Fact in my hearing; but she said the Countryman and she had 3 Bottles of Ale, and 2 half Pints of Gin. She said, her Landlady charg'd her to bilk him, when she put them together.
Prisoner. How was it possible for me to put the Purse into your Fob again?
Robins. How was it possible? Why how was it possible for you to take it out? We sat upon the Bed together; but I don't know any Business she had with my Fob.
Prisoner. You can't swear but your Money might drop out of your Fob.
Robins. Can't I! - yes, but I can tho'. 


               Guilty, Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


