





12. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Pool 
                  



               
             of St. Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Scarlet Camblet Cloak, value 8 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Joshua 
                     Thompson 
                  




                
            , February 23
.
Joshua Thompson. The Prisoner and another Woman, came into my Shop on Monday last, and asked to see some Cloaks: They were at first for a Cloath-colour'd one; then they would have it Scarlet: After they had try'd on several, they bid me 10 s. for one, and we parted for 6 d. Mr. Turcan was at the Door when they went out: He came in, and asked me, if I had sold them any Thing; I told him, no; they have got something, says he; so I went after them, which the other Woman perceiving, she slept between me and the Prisoner, to give her an Opportunity of throwing the Cloak into an Entry. I did not see her throw it there, but as I followed her, I saw the Edge of it under her Cloak, and there I found it. I laid hold of the Woman, who I was sure had the Cloak, and while I was busie with her, the other got away.
Mr. Turcan. I wanted to speak with the Prosecutor, but as his Shop was full of Customers, I waited at the Door, and saw the two Women trying on the Cloaks: When they went out of the Shop, I saw something red hang down about an Inch below the Prisoner's Cloak; I asked my Neighbour if he had sold them any Thing red, he said no: I told him what I had seen; he follow'd her, but as his Shop was full of People, I stay'd behind.
Prisoner's Defence. It was my Landlady that was with me at this Gentleman's Shop: She wanted to buy a Cloak, and bid 10 s. for one; the Gentleman would not take it, so we came out; and as we were going along, See here, says I, what need we go any further? here's a very handsome Cloak lies here in the Entry, upon which up comes this Gentleman and seiz'd me, and the People told him, he must swear it downright upon me; his Wife, my Lord, promised my Husband, I should be kept in the Round-house only till next Day; and as soon as he was gone, they sent me to Jayl. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


