






358. 
               
                  
                     Matth.ias 
                     Francis 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Leaden Pump, val. 35 s. and a Leaden Rain-water Cistern-head, val. 25 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wright 
                        



                      
                  , in his Shop
            , Dec. 27

. And,
359. *
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Whitehurst 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stole
            , Dec. 27

.
 * Whitehurst had been try'd several Times before, as a Receiver from Felons, and but last Sessions was try'd as a Principal, for stealing an Iron Chain, the Property of the Governor and Company of the New-River Water. See Sessions-Book, 1739, p. 78, No. 271.


                  William 
                  Wright 
               



            . On the 27th of December, it being Holiday-time, I went out about One o'Clock at Noon, and left one Shutter down, in the Front of my Shop, and order'd my Maid to shut up the Shop in the Close of the Evening. The next Morning I miss'd the Things mention'd in the Indictment, and which stood in the Window when I went out. I keep a Plumber's Shop
, and I believe the Goods might weigh about 1 C. Weight. I never heard any thing of them till the Evidence was before Mr. Deveil.


                  John 
                  Lewis 
               



            . The Prisoner and I, and one Miller (not taken) came by this Plumber's Shop, in Compton street



, in the Christmas Week, and seeing the Shutters just open, we push'd them on one Side, and took out the Cistern-head; which we sent by the Prisoner Francis to Whitehurst then we got the Pump, and carry'd it to him, and he gave us 5 s. 6 d. for them.
Wright. They were of the Value of 3 l.
Lewis. Whitehurst is a Man who buys such Things; he knew how we came by them, which was the Reason of his having them so cheap. He has been try'd four or five Times for such Things before this Time.
Francis. We did not sell them to this Man; we sold them to one Lambeth in Compton street.
Lewis. Whitehurst gave me Half-a-Crown this very Day, to clear him upon this Trial, and promised me three Half-Crowns more when he was clear'd: This is the very same Half-Crown he gave me under the Leads this Day. He was let out of the Place where the Prisoners are lock'd up, to take the Air.
Mr. Townsend. He was let out to air himself, and I saw him in the Yard; but I did not see the Witness there.
Lewis. I was there; and his Wife took it out of his Pocket, and gave it another Woman to give me.
Whitehurst. I gave him none; I have not had Half-a-Crown in my Pocket this Month.


                  Luke 
                  Griffith 
               



            . I have been Whitehurst's Neighbour five or six Years; I know nothing of his Character, - but that he's a hard working Man.



                  Joseph 
                  Parkes 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Hatherly 
               



             had known him ten or twelve Years, and knew nothing but that he was a laborious Man. Francis,


                Guilty, 4 s. 10 d
            . Whitehurst, 

               Guilty
            .


                  John 
                  Lewis 
               



             was an Evidence against the Prisoners on the six preceeding Indictments.





[Transportation. See summary.]


