






10, 11. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Howard 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Harrison 
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a Pewter-Dish, value 3 s. a Pewter Bason, value 12 d. 3 Copper Sance-pans, value 10 s. 2 Copper Stew-pans, value 10 s. a Copper Tea-kettle, value 5 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Kendall 
                  




                
            , in the Parish of St. Botolph Aldgate


, July 15
.
Jacob Kendall I charge the Prisoners with breaking open a Door, and robbing me of a Pewter Bason and Dish, and other Things, between 3 and 4 in the Morning; they had moved 3 Sauce-pans, 2 Stew-pans, and a Tea-kettle, in order to carry them off. The Door they broke was adjacent to the Kitchen, and was lock'd fast. The Pewter Dish and Bason they had carry'd off a good Way. - I swear they were in my Wash-house between 3 and 4 in the Morning.


                  John 
                  Bundry 
               



            . I was going to my Labour about a quarter before 4 in the Morning, and I saw Mr. Kendall's Door open, and the Prisoner Howard coming out. I observ'd him to put his right Hand back and pull too the Door, so I went up and asked him what he did there? Then he pretended to be making Water, within a Yard of the Door: I pushed it open and saw the Stew-pans and Sauce-pans, and the Tea-kettle, all ready to be taken off. I saw nothing of Harrison, but Howard I took particular Notice of, and observ'd that his Hands and Face were crock'd and black'd.


                  John 
                  Sanders 
               



            . I am a Baker, and live exactly against Mr. Kendalls. The Morning he was robb'd I was up at Work, and as I was opening my Window, I saw the Prisoner Harrison at Mr. Kendall's Wall, with something like a Bundle under his Arm. He pretended (when he saw me) to be making water too, so I went to my Work, but in about half an Hour, my Wife bid me go and see what was the Matter at Mr. Kendall's; when I came there, I found they had got Howard; and Harrison coming in, to enquire what the Disturbance was, I told the People that I had seen him about half an Hour ago, with a Sack full of something under his Arm; upon which Mr. Kendall detained him with the other.
Q. The Things that were remov'd, and lay ready to be carry'd off, - where did they stand over Night?
Kendall. In my Wash-house. We found the Things again which they had carry'd off, in King Harry's Yard, not far from my House.
Sanders. While I was telling Mr. Kendal that I had seen Harrison with a Sack under his Arm, some People came in with one which they said they had found in Maudlin's Rents, in a Dust Cart, and the Goods in it proved to be Mr. Kendall's.
Prisoner Howard. I know nothing of the Man's Goods being stolen: I was going to the Hermitage, and stopping at Mr. Kendall's Door to make Water, a Man rushed out of the House, and went by me.
Bundey. When I saw Howard turn as if he intended to make Water, there was no Body at all passed him.
Howard. As to my Hands and Face being crock'd, I had been mending a Hole in a Porridge-pot for a Woman, who is here in Court, and she gave me 6 d. for doing it.
C. This is a notable Evidence; as it happens she cannot swear you was at another Place.


                  Margaret 
                  Cannon 
               



            . Howard (the Prisoner) liv'd with me about 3 or 4 Months, and kept very good Hours. The Morning this Thing happen'd, I let him out; the Watchman (as I shut the Door after him) went - past 3 o'Clock? I heard no more of him 'till I heard he was in Trouble.
Q. How far is your House from Mr. Kendall's?
Cannon. I live in Church-Lane, Whitechapel. Mr. Kendall's is about a quarter of a Mile from thence.
Howard. There is the Woman whose Porrige-pot I mended, and crock'd my Hands and Face in doing it.


                  Eliz 
                  Vaughan 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner Howard since Whitsuntide, and know no Harm of him.
Howard. Ask her, my Lord, if I did not mend her Porrige-pot that very Night? - 'Twas an Iron Porrige-pot, and I had 6 d. of her for mending it.
Vaughan. I am upon Oath, and can't say any Thing I don't know, - no, - upon my Oath, I know nothing at all of it.


                  Frances 
                  Radwell 
               



             and 
               
                  Mary Ann 
                  Collier 
               



             never heard any Thing ill of him before.


                  Daniel 
                  Pickering 
               



            . Howard serv'd his Time with me very well: he buys and sells Pewter; - he has dealt in Pewter
 a pretty while.
C. That seems to be true: 'Tis sworn upon him here:


                  Tho 
                  Colcott 
               



            . I know no Harm of him; only this - he will get Drunk and bring himself into Trouble.
Q. Does not he deal in Pewter?
Colcott. I don't know what he deals in, - not I.
Harrison's Defence.
I never was guilty of such an enormous Crime in all my Life. I am a Seaman
, and I came here in the Contrivance, Capt. Franklin. The Night this Thing happen'd, I had been drinking at the Newcastle upon Tine, at the Hermitage, with some Seamen who were to help me to a Birth; I came from thence past Mr. Kendall's Door, and seeing the Hubbub, I just put my Head in to see what was the Matter, and so they seized me.
Q. To Sanders. Was not that the Man you saw with the Bundle under his Arm?
Sanders. Upon my Oath 'tis the same Person.
Kendall. Harrison says now, he is a Sea-faring Man; when he was before the Justice, he said he was a regular bred Parson, and had worn Canonical Robes. They both said then, they lived in Petticoat-Lane, and had liv'd there 3 Months.
Harrison Why, I served my Time indeed at Sea, but I was brought up and educated at Eaton College.
Howard 

               guilty
             of Felony, Harrison 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


