






29, 30. 
               
                  
                     Mark 
                     Biggs 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Keightly 
                  



                
            , (two Boy

s) were indicted for 


               privately stealing four gold Necklaces, value 5 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Manners 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , August 31
.


                  James 
                  Manners 
               



            . I lost four gold Necklaces out of my Shew-glass, and two Hours after I miss'd them, 
               
                  Ned 
                  Langford 
               



            , a little Boy, came and open'd the Shew-glass again, which making a Noise, we were alarm'd, and ran out and took him; we found this Wire in his Pocket, with which he us'd to draw Things out of Shew-glasses. He was carry'd before Justice Deveil, where he confess'd that he and the Prisoners stole the Necklaces, and sold them to 
               
                  John 
                  Marrian 
               



             in Mint-Street. - Here Langford is.
Court. How old are you?


                  Edw 
                  Langford 
               



            . I was 13 last Christmas.
Court. Suppose now, you should not swear the Truth, what do you think will become of you?
Langford. Why, really Sir, I read it in the Bible, that it's Death in this World, and Damnation in the next.
Court. What do you know of the Prisoners?
Langford. I and the Prisoners went a Thieving together. Chriss Keightly lifted up the Shew-glass, and I took the gold Necklaces out, there was one large one and three little ones, we sold them all to 
               
                  John 
                  Marrian 
               



             in Mint-Street, for 34 s. 9 d. we divided 11 s. a piece, and spent the odd Money.
Court. What did Bigs do?
Langford. He stood still on t'other side the Shew-glass. He knew we were going at Thieving; but did not justly know that we were going to that very Shew-glass.


                  William 
                  Shaw 
               



            . On Langford's Information we took the Prisoners, and three other Boys a-Bed, at an Alehouse in St. Giles's, about twelve at Night; we found several silver Things upon them, and next Morning. we took Marrian.
Keightly. This Rogue, Langford, will swear any Body's Life away for a Farthing: Did you ever know me steal the value of a Pin, you Rogue?
Langford. Not before this Time.
Keightly. Did any Body see me in the Shop?
Lang. No; none of us were in the Shop.
Court. Where did the Shew-glass stand, was it within the Shop or without?
Prosecutor. Part without the Shop, but more within, and the Necklaces lay in the inner Part. The Lock was broke open - Marrian is in Surrey Goal. The Jury 

               acquitted
             Biggs, and found Keightly 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


