







                     Anne 
                     Knowland 
                  



               
             , of St. Catharines Coleman


, was indicted for 


               privately taking from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Blake 
                        




                      
                  , 46 Guineas, a French Pistole, a Silver Watch, value 4l. and a Silver Snuff-Box, value 10 s.
             the 10th of December
 last.
The Prosecutor depos'd, That about Nine o'Clock at Night, the Day laid in the Indictment, as he was going along Cornhill, he was met by the Prisoner, who ask'd him to give her a Glass of Wine; that she carried him to a Tavern in Bishopsgate-street


, and her Maid followed them in, that they had two or three Pints of Wine, and the Drawer was going to and fro, and she and her Maid were busy about his Breeches, and he began to suspect them, and was for going away, but the Prisoner persuaded him to stay, telling him, she liv'd near him; that he chang'd a Guinea to pay the Reckoning, and had the Change in Silver in his Pocket; that as they were going along from the Tavern, and going Home, he fell down, or she fell'd him down, he could not well tell which, and dirted his Cloaths, and broke his Sword, and that there the Prisoner took 8 or 9 s. out of his Pocket; that he was conducted to the Prisoner's House, and was afterwards turned out of Doors into the Street, and taken up by the Watch, being very much in Liquor, and did believe that they had put something in it to make him so, but he did not miss his Money till he had been some time in the Watch-House.


                  Jonathan 
                  Broadhurst 
               



             depos'd, That he saw the Prisoner and Prosecutor together, and he was much fuddled, and he followed them down Star-Alley into Mark-Lane, and the Prosecutor fell down, and he heard some Money chink, and saw the Chain of his Watch hanging out of his Breeches, and the lappet of his Shirt was out, that he knock'd at the Door, and a Candle was brought, and he saw her pick up several Pieces of Money, and ask'd her, If she was Robbing the Gentleman? That she reply'd, No, he was her Husband; but he took Notice that she minded more the picking up the Money than to take care of her Husband, who was then lying in the Dirt; that he help'd the Prosecutor up, and assisted in leading him on one side, but he got his Arm loose, and giving a back stroke, struck him on the Chin, he perceiving that they did not care for his Company , left them to themselves; and Mr. Goodyer coming up, he suspecting the Prisoner, told him, that he believ'd the Gentleman was got into ill Hands, and so they agreed to follow them, and see the Event, and saw them go into the Court, and into the Prisoner's House, that they listened a little while , and heard some grumbling and muttering, but no distinct Words, and went and enquired the Character of the House, and finding it not to be very good, they went to the Watch-House at Aldgate, and gave Notice to the Constable.


                  Susannah 
                  Harrison 
               



             depos'd, That she brought the Candle, saw the Prisoner pick up seven or eight Shillings, and her self help'd the Prosecutor up, and she saw his Watch-Chain hang out of his Breeches at that time.
Mr. Goodyer confirm'd the former Evidence.


                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            , the Constable, depos'd, That about Eleven o'Clock, the two former Evidences came to the Watch-House, and gave him an Account of what they had seen, and desired him to take care of the House; that he immediately went with some of his Watchmen, and there found the Prosecutor lying, his Legs extended, so that if a Coach had come down Crutched-Fryars , it would have ran over them, his Sword broke under him, his Breeches down, his Back-side on the bare Ground, whether he had fouled himself or not he would not say, but he was in a dismal Condition; that he got him carried to the Watch-House, but he was so dead Drunk, that there was no putting up his Breeches, nor could he stand or speak for two or three Hours; that he order'd 4 Watchmen to guard the House, and not to suffer any Body to go either out or in; that when the Prosecutor came to himself, he said, he was robb'd and undone . That the next Morning one of the Watchmen came, and told him, the Window was open, so he went and secur'd the Prisoner, and her Maid, the Maid being about making a Fire, and the Prisoner above Stairs dressing herself; that he telling her that she was his Prisoner, and must go before the Justice, she said she would not go without a Coach; he then ask'd her, If she had any Money to pay for it? she said, Yes, she had two Guineas, and that was all the Money she had in the World, and pulled out a Pistole, and gave him, saying, there is a Guinea, do you pay for the Coach, and give me the Change; that he looking upon it, said, Madam, this is not a Guinea, it is a Pistole, that the Prosecutor said presently, I had but one Pistole in my Money, and looking upon it, said, this is my Pistole, it is mark'd, and I know it by that to be mine. That she deny'd the having the Prosecutor's Money still, he thereupon got a Coach, lock'd up the Door, and carried her and her Maid to go before the Lord Mayor; but going to the Swan Tavern to wait while they could know that the Lord Mayor was at leisure, there she desired to have some Talk with the Prosecutor, and after that, said, well, if you say so, my Maid shall go with you, and you shall have all your Things; that thereupon he took Coach, went back with the Maid and some other Persons to the House, and she taking up a Case-Knife, went up Stairs, ript the Feather-Bed about a Foot in length, and feeling among the Feathers, pulled out a Clout, in which was 45 Guineas, and then going down into the Cellar, took the Watch and Snuff-Box from out of some Rubbish; after which going back to the Tavern, the Captain upon telling the Money, said, there was 46 Guineas in his Purse, and now there wanted a Guinea, upon which the Prisoner put her Hand in her Pocket, and gave him a Guinea.
Most of these Circumstances were confirmed by other Evidences.


                  Mary 
                  Man 
               



             depos'd, That she dwelling in Crutched-Fryars , over-against the Prisoner's House, Mr. Broadhurst and Goodyer knock'd and enquired the Character of the Prisoner's House, that she told them it had but an indifferent Character, though she had liv'd there but about three Weeks; that they desired her to observe if any Body went in or out, and she look'd through a Chink, and saw a tall Woman, which she believes to be the Prisoner, and a short Woman, which she takes to be her Maid, lug the Prosecutor out of the Court, and lay him directly over-against their Door, and the tall one took the Gentleman's Head and gave it a knock against the Door, and he cry'd, Damn her for a Bitch; being ask'd, what Colour her Gown was? she said, She took it to be Red and White. Mr. Broadhurst said, when she pick'd up the Gentleman, she had a Blue Gown, and a Scarlet Cloak, and Silver trimming, and Bobs in her Ears, but he believed she might change her Cloaths before she came out with the Prosecutor.


                  Susan 
                  Harrison 
               



             depos'd, That she took her Gown to be Green; and the Fact being plainly proved so as not to admit of any material Defence, the Jury found her 


               Guilty of Felony only, but not of privately taking from the Person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


