





22. 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gardner 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 2 Ounces of Silver, value 10s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     drew 
                     Drury 
                  




                
            , Nov. 4
.
Drew Drury. I employ'd the Prisoner to polish Silver for me. I had lost a great deal of Silver for above a Year past. 'Tis my Method to weigh my Silver up every Saturday Night, and enter the Quantity in a Book, and I have constantly miss'd every Week, for a considerable Time, 40, 50, or 60 Shillings worth. The Prisoner used to come to my Shop in a Morning before I was up, to see for Work; I order'd my Boys to watch him, and next Morning they told me, they saw him go to a Basket, where I put a pretty deal of Silver, and tumble it over, and then put his Hand in his Pocket 2 or 3 times. I ask'd them, Why they did not stop him and call me? They said, they were afraid. Upon this I was resolved to watch him my self. And so on Saturday Morning, Nov. 4 says I to my Boys, I'll hide my self in the Closet (for I have a Closet with a Window that looks into the Shop) and don't you be mealy mouth'd now, because you know that I am so near you, but when he comes, play your Rogues Tricks, and run about as you do when I am a Bed, that he may suspect nothing, and have an opportunity of going to the Basket. I went to my Post, the Prisoner came in, and my Boys began to play their Tricks with him, and by and by one of them run out, and the other after him. The Prisoner upon this stept to the Basket, took something out, put it in his Pocket, and follow'd them immediately. As soon as they came in again, says he, my Master will hardly came down till 9 a-Clock, I'll e'en go, and come again, but the Boys persuaded him to go into the Kitchen, and sit down by the Fire. I left the Closet, went up Stairs, and came down again as if I was but just come out of my Chamber. The Prisoner ask'd me, if I had any work for him? I told him, No. I let him go out a little way, and then call'd him back. Robin, says I, 'tis Saturday, and as I have no more work for you this Week, I may as well settle Accounts, and pay you for what you have done. I sent one of my Boys for a Constable, under pretence of getting change for a Guinea. When the Constable came, I charg'd the Prisoner. He deny'd the Fact, and said, I might search him and welcome. He took his Handkerchief out of his Pocket, and held it in his Hand. I could find nothing. Sure, says I, my Eyes did not deceive me. When presently my Boys told me, they saw the Silver in his Hand. Upon which the Prisoner took it out of his Handkerchief himself, and gave it to me, and said, This is the Bit. He begg'd that I would not prosecute him, and promis'd that he would never do so any more. [ This Deposition was by the two Boys.]

Prisoner. Did you see me take it?
Mr. Drury. I saw you take something out of the Basket.
Pris. And had you any reason to suspect me before?
Court. He has sworn that he had.
P. This was a Plot laid against me.
C. Yes, and a good one too.
P. Another Man having sent for me to work for him, I was speaking of it in my Master's Shop, and thereupon, I believe he laid this Trap for me, for he's a Man of that good Principle, that he would let no Body live but himself. He has trusted me with a great many Ounces of Silver.
C. Without Weight or Tale?
Mr. Drury. No.
C. Then you were accountable for it.
P. I don't know how it came into my Hankercher; 'tis a Plot; 'tis common to lose 40 or 50 s. a Week, and sometimes my Master has had more Silver than he should have.
Mr. Drury. I might sometimes make a Mistake, but it could not always be so. The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


