





448. * 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jones , otherwise 
John Wright




               
            , was indicted, for that he being an in-disposed Person, after the 1st of May 1734, to wit, on the 30th of July
 last, in the Parish of St. Dionis Backchurch, 


               with a certain offensive Weapon called a Knife, made of Iron and Steal, which he held in his Right Hand, in and upon 
                     
                        
                           Miles 
                           Rigg 
                        




                      
                  , unlawfully and feloniously did make an Assault, with an Intent the Money of the said Rigg to steal, &c. against the Form of the Statute, &c.
            

* The Prisoner's Name is 
               
                  John 
                  Wright 
               



            . In April 1737 he was tried for setting Fire to Mr. Rawlinson's House, and was acquitted on the Representation of his Friends that he was disorder'd in his Senses. See Sessions-Book for that Year, No IV. p. 94.
In July Sessions 1738 he was tried, and convicted, for writing an Incendiary Letter to Mr. Dolly in Holborn, but was afterwards pardoned on the same Account; his Friends having given Security for his good Behaviour.
Mr. Rigg. On the 30th of July, between Eleven and Twelve at Night, I was going along Fenchurch-street


, in Company with Mr. West, and the Prisoner met me at the Corner of Lime street, with a Crape over his Face; he offer'd a Cobler's Knife to my Breast, and order'd me to deliver my Money: I stood a little surprised, and he said again, - Deliver; then I up with my Stick, and gave him a Blow which made him reel, and called the Watch; upon which he took to his Heels, and ran up Lime-street. The Watch pursu'd him, and we followed them, and took him (about twenty Yards from the Place where he stopp'd me) with the Knife in his Hand, and the Crape upon his Face, which he pull'd off, as soon as the Watchman laid hold of him.
Mr. West confirmed the former Evidence.
The Constable. I had charge given me of the Prisoner for assaulting Mr. Rigg This Knife was taken from him, and this Crape. I searched him and found two or three Handkerchiefs of different Sorts in his Pocket. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


