





40. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Powis 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Vere 
                        



                      
                   in the Night-time, and stealing thence, a brown Cloth Coat, a brown Shagreen Waistcoat, a black Cloth Waistcoat, 8 ruffled Shirts, a pair of silver Shoe-buckles, two large silver Spoons, two Tea-spoons, and a coarse Table-cloth, the Goods of John Vere; a pair of silver Shoe-buckles, a pair of ditto Knee-buckles, and a Bob-wig, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Vere 
                        



                      
                  : a Hat, and a pair of silver Shoe-buckles, and Knee-buckles, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gravener 
                        



                      
                  : in the House of John Vere
            , June 9
.
John Vere. On Wednesday Night, the 9th of June, my House was broke open, and I lost the Things mentioned in the Indictment; there is an empty House joining to mine. and in my Kitchen on the Ground Floor, is a Window which serves my House and that. In the Morning  we found the Lead of that Window Part of the Window taken off: the Sink where I wash myself every if it had been broken befoe, 'tis impossible and the whole family must have seen it I cannot swear the Prisoner committed the Fact;  but I was present at his Examination the Justice, and I swore to a back Waiste at, which he had on his Back, when he was apprehended.


                  Richard 
                  Nokes 
               



            . The Prisoner lives in Bel-yard: I know him very well; and I saw him or such a one, come out of the empty House early that Morning.


                  Ann 
                  Elis 
               



            . I am acquainted with the Prisoner: On the 12th of June about 2 o'Clock in the Afternoon, I met the Prisoner on Clerkenwell-green; he asked me to go and drink with him: we went to an Alehouse, and he told me he wanted Money, and desired me to pawn a Shirt for him: I took it and carried it to Mr. Parsons, he told me, he had bought it.


                  Joshua 
                  Markland 
               



            . The 12th of June, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Ellis 
               



             brought the Shirt to pawn and was stopped with it; I was sent to take the Prisoner: This is the Shirt which was stopped, and Mr. Vere's Maid, swore to the Shirt he had on his Back: It has been in my Custody ever since. I did not see them take it off, but the Justice's Clerk delivered them to me in the Office.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Banning 
               



            . These are my Master's Shirts: I made them, and am positive to them: Eight of these Shirts which I had put into the Drawer on Wednesday Night were lost; and the Window I know was safe that Night between 11 and 12.


                  Rich 
                  Tabor 
               



            . I saw the Waistcoat and Shirt taken off his Back at the Justice's, and delivered to the Constable; and the Buckles taken out of his Shoes, and the Knee-buckles out of his Breeches. He begged very hard for one of the Shirts to go to Jail in.
Mr. Gravener swore to his Goods mentioned in the Indictment, and produced a pair of Pincers which were found on the Ledge of the Window, with which he supposed the Lead was untwisted.

Defence. I found these Things in Chancery Lane: I suppose the Person that robbed the House dropped them. 


               Guilty, 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


