






7. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Phillips 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Great Coat, value 20 s. a Cloth Coat, value 42 s. a Cloth Pair of Breeches, value 20 s. a Dimity Waistcoat, value 10 s. 2 Cloth Waistcoats, value 20 s. 3 Shirts, value 30 s. a Violin, val. 30 s. 3 Stock 2 Rollers and 3 Shams, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Cockram 
                        




                      
                  , in the House of 
                     
                        William 
                        Whitfield 
                     



, Sept. 12.




                  Richard 
                  Cockram 
               



             The Prisoner and I both lodged in one Room in Mr. Whitfield's House, the Duke's Head in Devereux Court


. I left my Goods locked in my Trunk in the Room where I lay, and went out of Town on the 1st of August. I staid till the 29th of September, and when I returned my Trunk had been broke open, and my Goods were taken away. The Lock had been taken off, and put on again with new Nails. I got a Search-Warrant, and went to Mr. Johnson (a Pawn-broker's) where I found 1 of my Shams, and 2 Rollers, and at Mr. Stone's (another Pawn broker's) I found 2 more of my Shams and a Stock.
- Johnson. I had these of the Prisoner. - Stone. The Prisoner pledged these with me.
Prisoner. We lodged in a Publick-house, and the Door of our Room was always left open, and so was his Trunk.


                  Eleanor 
                  Whitfield 
               



            . I lived then in Devereux Court. The Prosecutor left his Trunk locked fast; and as for the Door of the Room being open, perhaps when a Friend has staid late at my House, I have got him to go up and lie with the Prisoner. I can't say but I had a very good Character of the Prisoner, or else I should not have taken him for a Lodger. On my leaving my House I removed the Trunk into another Room; I thought it was very light; but my Head was so full of my own Affairs, that I did not then enquire into the Reason of it.
Three or four Witnesses appeared to the Prisoner's Character. They deposed, that they known him several Years, that he was a Taylor
 by Trade, and they believed him to be honest.
The Jury found him 


               Guilty. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


