





4. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Goodwin 
                  



               
            , of St. George in the East


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Hat, val. 25 s. an Apron val. 18d. a pair of Stockings, val. 1s. a pair of Shoes, val. 2s. 6d. and a pair of Silver-Buckles, val. 14s. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hudson 
                        




, June 9
.


                  William 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I got up about 2 a-Clock on Friday Morning, to make an end of my Master's Work, and between 3 and 4 in the Afternoon, I was sent for by a Friend to take Dimensions for making a Hat, I staid drinking new Rum and other Liquors with him till 9 at Night, and then went to drink with others till past a 11. In my way home to Shadwell, I lay down in Denmark-street in Ratcliffe High-way


, I fell fast asleep, and did not wake till 2 in the Morning. At first I wonder'd where about I was, and what was become of my Shoes and Stockings, my Blue Apron, and my Hat. But at last I bethought my self, that some Body had found me a-sleep in the Street, and had undress'd me, so I went barefooted as I was towards the Watch-house, to enquire if any idle Person had been taken up; but I could hear nothing of my Cloaths, till about 9 that Saturday Morning, when a Friend told me that Mr. Ludlow, a Goldsmith, in Upper-Shadwell, had stopp'd the Prisoner upon her offering to sell him a pair of Silver Buckles which proved to be mine. She was carried before the Justice, and committed to Bridewell, before I saw her, and when 
               
                  John 
                  Tucker 
               



             the Watchman heard of her being taken up, he owned that she had left my Hat, and Shoes, and Stockings, at his House, though he said nothing of it when he saw me go along barefooted. From Bridewell she was carried again before Justice Jones, and she then had my Apron on: He sent her to Newgate. Court. What did she say before the Justice? Prosecutor. She nothing but Swore and Curs'd, and talk'd Bandy.


                  John 
                  Tucker 
               



            . Watchman in Upper-Shadwell. As I was beating my Rounds at one a Clock, I saw the Prisoner sitting at a Door in West-Garden, with a vine Hat in her Lap. What dost thee do here? says I. Why I want a Dram, says she, will you give me one? Where didst thee get such a vine Hat? says I. Why it is my Husband's Hat, says she again. So I goes home, and she comes to my House, and calls vor a Dram. Well, says I, however thee didst come by this Hat, or where thee didst get'n, the Devil don't know; but sure thy Husband never had such a one to his Back. Why, zays she, I have got his Zhoes and Ztockings too in my Apron, and I will leave 'em all with you till by and by. Zo she pull'd'n out, and I took'n and throwd'n by, but I thought they hardly did belong to she. Zo, when she came again vor 'em about 2 a-Clock, zays I, thee must tell me how thee didst come by'n bevore I let thee have'n again. After this I zee a Man coming along bare-vooted, and bare-leg'd, and without a Hat. Hoy! hoy! says I, what a Plague beest thee, that thee runs naked a that'n; but I did not think that the Things that Prisoner lest at my House did belong to he.


                  John 
                  Ludlow 
               



            . About 8 o'Clock o' Saturday Morning. The Prisoner offer'd to sell me these Buckles; I ask'd her how she came by 'em, and she said, a Man gave 'em her to lie with her. I suspected she had stol'n 'em, and sent for a Headborough, who carried her before a Justice, by whom she was committed to Bridewell. The Prosecutor came about an Hour after, and claimed the Buckles. He said he lost them as he lay a-sleep in the Street; they were mark'd with his Name.
Prisoner. After I had sold my Nosegays I met the Prisoner between 9 and 10 at Night, in Ratcliff-Highway. He took me into a dark Entry in an Alley, and after he had had his Will upon me, he said he had no Money, but if I would pawn his Buckles for 7s. 6d. he would give me half a Crown for obliging her. So he took 'em out of his Shoes, and gave 'em me, but I could not get so much upon 'em, and so I went to sell 'em. The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the value of 10d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


