





* 4. 
               
                  
                     Barbara 
                     Hewsley , alias 
Cornelius




               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Gold-Watch and Chain, value 10l. and two Cornelian Seals, value 40 s. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Gouge 
                        




, Dec. 24
.
* She was tried last Sessions with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jones 
               



            , for robbing Arthur Murphy on the Highway, vide Sessions Paper, Numb. 1. p. 5.
Edward Gouge. I dined in Bloomsbury-Square, and staid there till between 2 and 3 in the Morning, and then going home I met the Prisoner in Drury-Lane


 ; she challenged me by Name, and said I knew her and her Mother; this being just by a Brandy Shop, says I, let's go in, that I may see who you are. I sat down there, and pulled out my Watch, to see what o'Clock it was, and when I had staid some time I went away; I had not been gone above three Minutes before I mist my Watch, upon which I went back to the Shop, but she was gone. I asked the Man of the House if he knew her, he said yes; I bid him look for her, and if he could get my Watch again I would give him a Guinea.
Prisoner. When the Linkmen came into Mr. Puddington's Brandy Shop and attacked you, did not you take out your Watch, and did not I bid you take Care of it, and did not you then put it into my Hand?
Gouge. Not that I know of.
Prisoner. You did, as God is my Judge; but you was so drunk that you was hardly sensible, you called for 6 half Pints of Gin, and paid Puddington 2 s. for it.
Gouge. I was in Liquor I own.
Court. It may be necessary to ask you to what Degree, are you sure you was so far sensible as to be now capable of giving an Account of what you did then?
Gouge. I remember my sitting by Paddington, and giving him Liquor, and that when I went out I consider'd what Company I had been in, and thereupon felt for my Watch, and mist it.


                  Edward 
                  Toft 
               



            , Headborough of St. Giles's. I went to the Round-house between 3 and 4 o' Sunday Morning, the 24th of December. The Prisoner was there, and I heard she had been stripp'd naked, to search for a Gold-Watch that had been stolen from a Gentleman; but to no Purpose. Puddington being there too, he said he had some Reason to suspect she had put it in a private Place, and upon hearing that, she presently shew'd me the Place he spoke of, and bid us search and welcome. He and I refused, but 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Haselden 
               



             (the Governor of the Round-house) undertook it, and after a little Examination, he produced the Watch.
Prisoner. I put it there to preserve it for the Gentleman, for fear my Husband should find it, and take it from me; for I did not think Puddington a proper Man to trust it with.


                  John 
                  Puddington 
               



            . The Prosecutor and Prisoner came into my Shop between 2 and 3 in the Morning, they staid there about 2 hours, and then he went out and she after him; he returned in 4 or 5 Minutes, and asked for her. I told him she was gone, but I knew where she liv'd, and would endeavour to find her out ; I found her in her Room up two pair of Stairs, and had her before Justice Mercer; she deny'd that she had any Watch. The Justice sent for the Governor of the Round-House, whose Son came, and we conducted her to the Round-House, where she stripp'd herself to be search'd, but we found nothing upon her, and so she put on her Clothes again. I went out, but before I had gone far, I recollected that as we went along with her from the Justice's to the Round-House, I had seen her stooping forward, and poking with her Right-hand in her Pocket thus - and with her Left-hand a good deal lower thus - so I went back, and said, Bab, you have certainly got this Watch about you. Where have I got it? Says she. I told her in what Place. Why then, says she, as you are a married Man, you may search; and with that as she sat in the Chair, she parted her Feet, and remov'd the Covering, I refus'd to search, and so did Mr. Cross; but we told the Governor it was his Business, and at last he agreed to do it. When she found we were come to a Resolution, she made some Resistance; but I and Mr. Cross kept her Feet in a proper Situation, while the Governor examin'd the Premises; after some search he call'd out, and told us, that he had got hold of the Chain at last; but says he, I had much ado to reach it, and with that he drew the Watch out, and in a sad Condition it was; we cleansed it, and carried it to the Gentleman, who own'd it to be his; and then it was carry'd before the Justice, by whom it was seal'd up, and now we have it here.
Prisoner. Was I deny'd to you when you came to my Lodging to enquire for me?
Puddington. No; but you deny'd having the Watch.
Prisoner. He and Cross fought about the Guinea they were to have for taking me up. This Fellow, my Lord, goes by the Name of Lawyer Puddington, the Law-splitter. He would swear this Candlestick was a Ha'penny Roll if he could get a Farthing by it. The Jury found her 


               guilty to the value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


