





28. 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Stuart 
                  



               
            , of St. Dunstans in the West


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Hat, value 5 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fleming 
                  




                
            , Feb. 11
.
Tho. Fleming. On Thursday Night between 12 and 1, I was sent from the Ship Tavern at Temple-Bar to call a Coach or a Chair. I met 
               
                  Robin 
                  Inwood 
               



            , a Boy of my Acquaintance, and he went with me; when I came opposite to the Leg Tavern in Fleet-street


, the Prisoner tript me up, and snatch'd my Hat; but I got up and catch'd hold of the skirt of his Coat. Then he swore at me, and went to kick me, and so I let him go; but I cry'd stop Thief, he ran to the end of Mitre Court, where he was stopp'd by the Watch, but I could not find my Hat.


                  Rob 
                  Inwood 
               



            . I was about 2 Yards behind Tom, and he has said nothing but the Truth. [Here Inwood repeated the same Particulars.]
Prisoner. It was a dark Night, and Rain'd hard; my Hat was stopt, and I ran against the Boy, upon which he cry'd stop Thief, and the Watchman seiz'd me.


                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            , Watchman. I heard stop Thief cry'd, and saw the Prisoner running, and the other 2 Boys running after him, and I stopp'd the Prisoner.
Prisoner. Was not I standing still? Ward. Yes, when I met ye, but not before. Prisoner. It was so dark that he could not see me run. Court. Boys, how did ye see him? Boys. By the Lamps, and there was no Body else passing. 
               
                  Alice 
                  Beaver 
               



            . I live in the Prisoner's Neighbourhood, he has been in my Lady's House when the Plate has lain about, and I never miss'd any thing, nor never heard any ill of him before.
Two or three other Witnesses said they had heard no Ill of him, and that he had no Occasion to take ill Courses, for that his Mother liv'd in good Credit, and maintain'd him, and allow'd him Pocket Money. The Jury found him 

               Guilty
             of Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


