





327. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pattison 
                  



               
             of St. Butolph , Aldgate


, was indicted for 


               stealing three Glass Globe Lamps, value 15 s.
             the Goods of Persons unknown, May 16
.


                  John 
                  Vaughan 
               



            . I have seen the Prisoner bring Lamps into my Room, in Lambeth-Rents, in Petticoat-Lane. About five Weeks ago, I saw him bring a Globe Lamp in his Apron into the Room, about two o'Clock in the Morning: I can't remember the Day of the Month, but 'twas the Day the Charity-Children walked to Christ-Church. I saw him pull it out of his Apron and set it down on the Dresser: Then He, and William Greenaway's Brother, called up Greenaway out of his Bed, and asked him, if he would go out with them to get more, and they all went out again on that Design. The Prisoner had formerly lodged in the House, but had left his Lodging there, some Time before the Fact was committed.


                  Zaccheus 
                  Bourn 
               



            . About seven Weeks ago we lost seven Lamps out of our Ward, and upon Enquiry after them, I heard that some disorderly Persons had a Lodging in a little Alley, in Petticoat-Lane. On the 15th of May I went to this Room, having been directed to it by a Watch-man, and found five or six Fellows playing at Cards, but there was neither Chair, Table, nor Stool in it. 
               
                  William 
                  Greenaway 
               



             told me he belonged to the Room, and upon looking about, I saw a Heap of Rags, under which, I found six Rims of Lamps. Greenaway told me they belong'd to him, that he was a Lamp-Lighter, and lit Lamps in Thames-street. I told him we had lost several Lamps, and that I must take him into Custody. I seized him accordingly, and he was committed to Bridewell as a Disorderly Person, because the Tin Man could not swear to the Rims. The next Morning I went again to the same Room, and took Vaughan, the Evidence. As I brought him down Stairs, he told me he had a Favour to beg of me; which was, that I would intercede for him, that he might be made an Evidence.
Prisoner. I was coming along, and saw two or three Fellows upon some Lamp Posts, and they asked me to take down one or two for them; I was in Liquor, and took one down, which I carry'd for them to this House: Then they ask'd Will. Greenaway to get up, and go out with them again for more; he did so, and they all went out again, but I did not know what they were about, for I was in Liquor the same Time. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


