





44. 
               
                  
                     Simon 
                     Turner 
                  



               
            , was indicted (with 
               
                  James 
                  Harrison 
               



             not taken) for 


               breaking and entering the House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Fosset 
                        




                      
                  , about the Hour of One in the Night, and stealing a Brass Pail, value 20 s. a brass Bowl, value 8 s. 14 Pewter Plates, value 12 s. Six Pewter Dishes, value 20 s. a Brass Saucepan, value 3 s. a Pewter Tea-pot, value 2 s. 6 d. a half Pint Pewter Pot, value 3 d. and a Gammon of Bacon, value 4 s.
            

John Fosset. Between 2 and 3 in the Morning, Feb 5. the Watchmen call'd me up, and told me my House was broke open; several of my Pales in the Yard was pull'd down, and the Back Door of my House was forc'd open. The Rogues when they had got into my Yard, took out some Glass from a Window near the Door, and I suppose they put their Hands in and unbolted the upper Bolt, and the bottom Bolt they wrenched off, and the Batten of the Door likewise. They took the Things mention'd in the Indictment. We found 5 of my Plates that very Night in Bullock's-Court, which is next my House, and the Prisoner was taken the same Time.


                  Zachariah 
                  Newman 
               



            . I was at my Stand, and hearing a rattling of Pewter, I went over to see what it was, and met the Prisoner coming out of the Court, he pass'd me, and after he was gone, I pick'd up 5 Pewter Dishes; I carried them to the Watch-house, and took out some Assistance with me to make a farther Discovery. We left our Candles and Lanthorns at the Watch-house, and waited at the Place where the Pales were broke, in about an Hour the Prisoner came to the very Place, and we took him. He was carry'd to the Counter that Night, and next Morning we had him before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brocas 
               



            , and there he own'd that he and another committed this Robbery. I was present when he confess'd that he got into the Yard, then broke open the Door, and handed out the Pewter and the Things into Bullock's Yard.



                  Thomas 
                  Sorrel 
               



            . I was the Man that Newman called to his Assistance, and when the Prisoner came up the Court the second Time, Newman telling me that was the Man that came from the Place where we found the Pewter before, I seized him, he told us there was one Harrison concerned with him, but we could not find him. It was not before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brocas 
               



             himself that he confessed the Fact, but in Sir Richard's Shop, before his Footman, the Shop-Man, and us.


                  Ann 
                  Hornby 
               



            . I fasten'd all the Doors, the last Thing I did, before I went to Bed.


                  John 
                  Peat 
               



             is my Name all the World over. This Man, here, came to the Watch-house, and says he, - Peat, I want a Hand; I lent him a Hand, and they went out without their Lanthorns; and in about half an Hour afterwards they caught the Gentleman: He did the Fact, (by Report) but he said there was another with him, - as brave a Thief as any is in England. The Prisoner was mighty Obstrepolous, and I was forced to punch him on the Stomach to make him civil - like an old Soldier, - I have no more to say, - but have done - all at once.
Prisoner. I was going to my Father with the Keys of our Door, and wanting to make Water, I stepped up Bullock's Yard, and there the Watchmen took me. They told me if I could say any Thing about Harrison, they would let me go.


                  John 
                  Hider 
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Driver 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Pattison 
               



            , never knew any Hurt of him.


                  Ann 
                  Turner 
               



            . I am his Mother, I sent him out that Night to see for his Father. - I work for most of the Gentry about Tower Hill and Savage-Gardens. For the Lord Jesus Christ's Sake take it into Consideration. 


               Guilty Felony only
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


