







151, 152, 153. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Campbel 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Booth 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Lewis 
                  



                
            , of St. Giles's in the Fields




, were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Mumford 
                        




                      
                  , between Twelve and One at Night, and stealing twenty-four Pair of Leather Shoes, val. 40 s
            . Feb. 13
.
William Mumford. I went to Bed that Night about Eleven o'Clock, and fasten'd my Door. I rose at Six the next Morning, and found the House broke, and twenty-four Pair of Shoes gone: The Lock of the Door and four Bolts were broke. We have Part of the Goods here; this large Pair of Men's Shoes, and these Girls Pumps, are mine, and they were mark'd, - 2 s. each, but they have rubb'd the Marks out. I don't make them; I only buy and sell. Campbel confess'd before the Justice, that he broke open the House, between Twelve and One o'Clock, and that he took but fourteen Pairs, tho' I miss'd twenty-four when I came to number my Shoes.
Q. What Sort of a House was this?
Mumford. 'Tis a Shoemaker's Shop, and a Cook's Shop; I lie in the House: There are eight Rooms in it.


                  Martha 
                  Clark 
               



             Last Valentine's Day the three Prisoners, and 
               
                  Nan 
                  Lewis 
               



            's Husband, came and knock'd at my Door about Six in the Morning: The two Women had their Aprons ty'd up with something in them; I asked them where they had been so early? they told me, - to see the Birds couple, and to gather Chickweed. By and by 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Booth 
               



             put some of her Shoes into my Bed, and Lewis convey'd some of hers under the Table, and they both desired me not to take any Notice, for they would raise some Money upon them, unknown to the Men, and would share it between themselves I hid the Shoes, and Campbel and Booth stay'd there all Day, and quarrel'd about them. He damn'd her for a Bitch, and said there was not all the Shoes; she said, she knew nothing of them; so he lick'd her, and gave her two black Eyes. The next Day Booth and her Sister came and ask'd for one Pair, which I deliver'd into her Apron: And the Day after this Campbel and Booth came again, and as they both sat by the Fire, a Breeches-maker came in, and told me, (in their Hearing) that Mumford's Shop had been broke open, and he had lost a great many Shoes: This was on Friday, and they both seem'd very uneasy, and went away. The next Day, (Saturday) Booth came for the rest of the Shoes; and I told her, I would stop them for Mr. Mumford. As I was speaking, - in came Campbel, and says Booth to him, - do you know any thing of Mumford's Shoes? he told her, no: Push off, says she, and so away he went. When he was gone, she (Booth) asked me if I stopp'd the Shoes? I told her, - yes. Then d - mn my Eyes, (says she) I'll go and see if you have carry'd them home to Mumford, or not. Upon this I sent to Mumford, and he own'd the Goods. I can't say whether the Men had any of the Goods upon them when they came in; 'twas the two Women brought them in, in their Aprons. When they open'd their Laps, and shew'd me the Shoes, I thought 'twas fine Chickweed.
Prisoner Campbel. Did you see any of the Goods upon me?
Clark. He said before the Justice, - That he gave the Woman the Shoes, and if he had had a Sack, he could have carry'd off more.
A Constable. I had a Warrant against the Prisoners, and when we had found them, we carried them before Justice Mercer; Campbel confessed that he broke open the Shop, and stole fourteen Pair of Shoes, and if there was more, the two Women cheated him. He said the two Women were there to receive the Goods, as he brought them out; but they said they were both innocent in the Affair.
Campbel. This Martha Clark owes me a Grudge, because I lodged in her House, and have not paid her; so she and Addey the Thief-Taker have collogu'd together, to take away my Life for the Sake of the Reward.
Prisoner Booth. This Lewis and her Husband had quarrelled, and I went out with her that Night to see Him, about Twelve at Night. Between Five and Six in the Morning, we called at this Clark's for a Dram. There we found Campbel and Lewis's Husband, with their Aprons full of Shoes; which they gave to us, and bid me tell Clark it was Chickweed. We had three or four Pints of Gin among us; and about Ten o'Clock they called us out into the Entry, and took them from us. Campbel told me - his Master was going to break, and he had been helping him off with those Goods.
Lewis. About Eleven at Night my Husband and I had Words; he went out, and I asked Booth to go with me to see for him. We went to several Places, and at last we found him and Campbel at Clark's with the Shoes.
Mumford. When Booth was before the Justice she said Campbel broke open the Shop, and brought out the Shoes, and that she and Lewis took them into their Aprons.
The Constable. Campbel told us, That Lewis's Husband was with them; that He and Lewis broke open the Shop, and the two Women were there, to assist in carrying the Goods away.
Campbel. I did not get up that Morning, till about Five o'Clock, and is it probable that after I had drank Share of so many Half-pints of Gin, I should break open a House! It takes up a good deal of Time to do such a Thing.
Campbel, 

               Guilty
            , 


               Death
            . Booth 


               Acquitted of Burglary, but Guilty of the Felony
            . Lewis 

               Acquitted
            .




[Booth:Transportation. See summary.]


