





2. 
               
                  
                     Matth.ew 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , was 


               indicted for stealing 16 lb. of Sugar, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Coleman 
                  




                
            , in the Parish of St. Butolph Billingsgate, August 26




                  John 
                  Weldon 
               



            . On the 26th of August, I was going up into the Buildings upon  ButolphWharf


, and in the first Story I found the Prisoner running away from a Hogshead of Sugar. I saw something in his Apron, so I seized him, and found his Apron and his Right Pocket full; we weighed the Hogshead, and found 49 lb. wanting; sixteen Pounds we took out of his Pocket and Apron, and upon comparing it with the Sugar in the Hogshead, it prov'd to be the same. He told me it had been given him by a Sailor, and begged I would let him go; but I took him into the Capsel Room to my Partners, and they sent for a Constable. The Sugar belonged to one Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Coleman 
               



            .
Prisoner. Ask him if I was in my Senses, and if I was not so fuddled, that I could not stand:
Weldon. I really can't say whether he was or not; he appeared a little in Liquor, but most of us thought he only shamm'd it.


                  Adkins 
                  More 
               



            , Constable. I was sent for to take Charge of the Prisoner, and the Sugar that was found upon him. I asked him how he came by it? He said a Cooper had given it him, and that he only went up into the Buildings to pick up a few Hoopsticks; but at last he rapp'd out an Oath, and bid Weldon take Care what he did, for he could not swear he saw him take it. He shamm'd being drunk, - but so he has done very frequently upon the Keys. I have seen him with something in his Hat-several Times upon the Wharfs, and have had several Runs after him, but could never take him 'till now.
Prisoner. I know nothing of it, and my Witnesses are all dead. 

               Guilty
             Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


