





14. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Ward , alias 
Butler




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silk Damask Night Gown, value 3 l. 3 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Hayward 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling-house
            , Aug. 29
.


                  Barbara 
                  Mason 
               



            . Mr. Hayward keeps a Bagnio
 in Covent-Garden


. The Gown was lost 5 Weeks ago, off the Back of a Chair in the back Parlour. The Doors of the House were open, and we imagine she watch'd her Opportunity to slip in and take it. But it being advertised, Mr. Smitherman the Pawnbroker brought the Prisoner to our House, and she fell down on her Knees, and swore she never took the Gown away. My Mistress then took her into our back Parlour, and there she confessed before 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Griffiths 
               



            , my Mistress and me, that she took it off the Chair in the back Parlour.
Catherine Griffiths gave the same Account.


                  Richard 
                  Smitherman 
               



            . This is the Gown which the Prisoner brought me to pledge on the 28th of Aug. She asked 4 Guineas upon it, and said it was a Gentlewoman's in the Neighbourhood, who knew me very well. I did not care to lend so much upon it, so she took it away; but in 5 Minutes Time she brought it again, and said the Gentlewoman would take 3 Guineas, I told her I would lend but 2 Guineas upon it, which she took, and I sent my Boy after her to see where she went. The Boy watch'd her into a House, and I was satisfied; but the Gown being advertised 2 Days afterwards, I went to Mr. Hayward's, told them I had the Gown, and they have it again. Then I set People to watch for the Prisoner, they sent me Word that she was at an Alehouse; I went and took her from thence and carry'd her to Mr. Hayward's. I am positive she is the Person that brought me the Gown. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


