





42. 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Kelly 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 8 Guineas
            , the Money of 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Davis 
                  




                
            , Esq
; May 11
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Griffith 
               



            . The Squire came into Mrs. Moor's Brandy-shop at the lower End of King-street, Westminster


, about 10 at Night. The Prisoner, and another Woman came in, and he desir'd they might have a Glass of what they would drink; which I gave them. He took out 7 Guineas and laid them on the Counter. I ask'd him why he pull'd out his Money in a publick Shop, and bid him put it up again. The Prisoner took it up, and counted it over, and I bid him take care of it. And she said she would call a Coach, and see him home; but he would have no Coach, and desir'd her not to be in a hurry. Other Customers coming in, I turn'd my back to draw some Liquor, and the Prisoner went away. The Squire staid a Quarter of an Hour after, and said his Money was gone.
Court Is he here?
Griffith. No; he's a Commander of a Man of War
, and is gone to Sea.


                  Mary 
                  Bartlet 
               



            . Captain Davis ask'd the Prisoner to drink, she wanted him to go out with her, but he said he'd tell his Money first, and so he laid 8 Guineas on the Counters she took it up, and slipt one Guinea into a Creature's Hand behind her, and then offer'd to return him 7. He said that was not all, but she swore and curs'd that she had but 7, and then she swept it all up, and left him, and 2 Soldiers went with her. I follow'd, and she was catch'd in Duke-street, but the Soliders let her go again; and afterwards she was taken at the Valiant Trooper in Bow-street, between 11 and 12, and I went to see the Captain home, to the 2 Brewers - He was very much fuddled.
Prisoner. You are a vile Wretch, you have been 3 times in Bridewell - I was at the Shop for a Quartern of Gin, but I saw not a Soul of a Man there. And when I wa carried before the Justice, the Captain did not know me, for he asked which was the Woman? The Jury found her 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


