





31. 
               
                  
                     Abel 
                     Williams 
                  



               
            , was indicted, for that he being a Person of evil Disposition, &c on the 28th of September
, 


               knowingly, unlawfully, &c. did send unto 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Alderson 
                        




                      
                  , a certain Letter without Name, demanding the Sum of 50 Guineas, and containing divers Threats of the Life of the said Alderson, if the said Money should not be laid according to the Demand of the said Letter, to the great Damage of the said Alderson, and to the evil Example of others offending, &c. against the Peace, &c. and contrary to the Form of the Statute, &c. and for that he afterwards, on the 2d of October
, knowingly, unlawfully, &c. did send unto Catherine Alderson, one other Letter, signed, J. Brown, W.B. &c. directed to the said Alderson, demanding Money, and containing Threats, &c. if the Money was not laid according to the Demand
            , &c. &c.
The Councel having open'd the Charge, the Witnesses were call'd.


                  Margaret 
                  Brian 
               



            . This Letter I pick'd up in the Area of Mrs. Alderson's Yard, which is next the Street, in St. Mary-ax. It was fasten'd up with three Bits of Sealing-wax, which were dabb'd upon it, and wrapp'd up in a Sheet of Brown Paper.
(The Letter was read.)
Directed to Mrs Alderson.
Madam, Please to lay 50 Guineas under the Stone between the Water. plug and your Rails, before your Kitchen Window, close by the Steps, near your own Door. Let it be left there, on Wednesday next in the Night, and I and my Comrades will come for it. If you fail leaving it, according to Direction, the first Time you go to the Play, we will shoot you in your Coach, as you come Home; we all know the Time of your coming Home, so we shall make no more Words, but leave the Money if you value your Life; if you set any Watch, we will Murder them and you too. Do as you think fit, but if you value your Life, and your Son's Life, leave the Money, and you shall receive no Harm from us.
Mrs. Briar. This Letter was found the Day before Michaelmas-day: About a Fortnight after, the Prisoner was taken up, and when he was carry'd to Sir William Billers's Office, he sent for my Mistress; she did not care to go to him, so I went and desir'd him to make a Confession, if he knew any Thing of the Letters. He told me, he would say Nothing, but to my Mistress her self; I told him he might write his Mind to her, and accordingly he took Pen, Ink, and Paper, and went into another Room and wrote this Letter. I saw him take a Peice of Wax, out of his Pocket, and dabb'd it on the Letter, and fasten'd it down with his Thumb. The sealing this Letter, was so like those found in our Yard, that it immediately put me in Mind of them. This was the Letter he sent by me to my Mistress.
Honoured Madam,
No Man did induce me to do this, but the Man at the White-Swan, who promis'd me a Reward, so I like a Fool took his Advice, and I ask your Pardon for this great Fault, which I acknowledge with all my Heart. It was he that did throw the Letters into the Yard at your House. Do not send me to New-gate, but any where else where you please.
I am your most humble Servant to command,


                  ABEL 
                  WILLIAMS 
               



            .
Mrs. Brian. The second Time I went to him, he desir'd my Mistress not to send him to Newgate, and he would come and make a Confession against the Man, whenever she pleas'd; I told him he had done too many bad Things, for my Mistress to release him; and that the Spoon and the Candlestick which were taken from him by the Constable, were my Mistresses. He own'd his taking them, and that he put them into his Pocket to sell that very Day.


                  Margaret 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I took up this 2d Letter in my Mistresses Yard, facing the Window, the 2d of Oct. wrapp'd up, and ty'd in this Piece of Blanket.
(The Letter was read)
To Mrs. Alderson, '' Madam,
Since you deceiv'd us we will try you one other Time, and we will come some Night next Week, if you leave the Money, it will be well for your self and Family: if you leave it not, we will do as we told you in the first Letter. We give you no ill Words, nor bad Language, and it lies in your own Power to make yourself both easy and happy Think not to escape us. if you leave not the Money, for we shall light of you when you little think of it.
I. B. W. Brown, &c.
Prisoner. 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Brian 
               



             came to me at Sir William Billers's Office, and told me if I would make a Confession, my Mistress would forgive me. I own I wrote the Letter she carried from me to her.
Mrs. Brian. I only said, if he would make a Confession, he would save his own Life, and he told me he would confess to no one but her self.


                  Henry 
                  James 
               



            . I was sent by my Mistress to see for the Prisoner one Day, and I found him with Thurston at the White Swan in Leaden hall street. I told him my Mistress wanted him; he charged me to take no Notice who was with him, and Thurston said, pray don't; but I came Home and told my Lady that the Prisoner was with Thurston, upon which she was very much frighted. After this I went to call a Constable; he was at a Barber's and there I found Thurston; they were talking of the Thing I believe, for I heard Thurston say, he would not do such a Fact for 10,000 l.
Mrs. Alderson. I had an Information that the Man at the White-Swan had taken up the Stone after the first Letter was found; upon which, I sent for him, and he own'd he came that Night, and look'd under the Stone for the Money; but he told me he was drunk, or else he should not have done it. This gave me however, a bad Opinion of him, and I order'd my Servants never to go to his House to drink. About a Fortnight after, the Prisoner was abroad, and I sent my Footman to look for him, he brought me Word he was drinking with Thurston at his House. When the Prisoner came in, I ask'd him who he had been drinking with? He told me he had been with one whose Name I did not know. I let him know that the Footman inform'd me he had been with Thurston, the Prisoner replied, - then he's a Rascal for his Pains, - if he had not told you, I never would. In a few Days after this I discharg'd him, and when he was gone, I look'd over some Bills of his, and imagined the Hand-writing of some of them bore a Resemblance with the Letters; upon which I enquir'd after him again, and he was taken up.
Thurston. The first Time that ever I saw the Prisoner in my Life, was when the Lady sent for me to her House; he was then call'd into the Room to speak to Mr. Mispley about these Letters. They ask'd me if I had not search'd the Place for the Money? I said, I was that Night disguised in Liquor, and a Gentleman being at the House and saying there had been Threatning Letters sent to Mrs. Alderson, and that there was a Watch set, both within, and without the House, I had the Curiosity to go down to see how the Watch stood: I own'd I went down, and that I saw no Watch, and that I did kick up the Stone. At that Time I did not know where the Lady liv'd, nor her Name, but I did kick up the Stone indeed. On the Sunday after, I went to an Alehouse, the 3 Crowns to enquire for the Prisoner. I saw him, and asked him how his Lady did, and whether she was easy, or had any Mistrust of me. When the Lady's Footman came to enquire for the Prisoner at my House, I don't remember my ordering him to deny he was with me, for I took no Observation of the Thing. I never rested Night nor Day since this unfortunate Affair, and as I desired the Thing should be found out, I desired the Prisoner to let me know, if any body should be taken up about it. I told my Customers the next Day, what a foolish Thing I had been guilty of.
Mr. Hunter Constable. The third Time the Prisoner was examin'd by Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Billers 
               



            , he said he was in Company with Thurston and another Man, and they asked him if he would be privy to a Letter, to get Money? at first, (he said) he demurr'd; but being asked a second Time, he consented: He was asked, if he knew the other Man that was with Thurston? and he said, No.
Prisoner. I was fuddled when I was examin'd by Sir William, and when I wrote the Letter from thence to my Mistress.


                  William 
                  Billers 
               



             inform'd the Court, that the Prisoner was in some Confusion when he was examin'd, but in his Opinion, he was not in Liquor; that after he had promiss'd to tell him the whole Truth, he confess'd that he had agreed with Thurston, and another Man to send a Letter to his Mistress, but would not make any farther Information unless he might be sworn.


                  Brian 
                  Scott 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Miller 
               



            , 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Warren 
               



            , and Mrs. Alderson, had no Reason to mistrust the Prisoner before this Affair.


                  Harry 
                  Tudor 
               



            , took him to be in Liquor when he was examin'd.
Upon the second Indictment, Mr. Hunter, the Constable depos'd, that he took the Prisoner about 9 in the Morning; that as he was following him, he observ'd him to shuffle something into his Breeches; upon searching him they found the Things mention'd in his Breeches, which he told them he had taken from his Wife, in order to sell them.
The Goods were sworn to, by Mrs. Alderson's two Maids.
The Jury 

               acquitted
             the Prisoner on the first Indictment, and found him 

               Guilty
             on the second.




[Transportation. See summary.]


