





7. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Durant 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing eleven pair of Stockings, value 18 s. the Goods of 
                  
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Bromfield 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , Jan. 21
.
Clerk . Are you guilty or not guilty? - Why can't you Plead?
Prisoner. I don't know what you say.
Court. Let some Body near him tell him his Charge.
Whitesides (bauling in his Ear) So ho! you are indicted for stealing Stockings! are you guilty or not guilty ?
Prisoner. What do you say?
Court. Show him the Charge in writing, [Then a Paper was shewn him.]
Prisoner. I can't read.
Court. Prosecutor, could you make him hear when he was apprehended.
Prosecutor. He pretended to be deaf then.
Court. Is there no Body belonging to Newgate, that knows whether he can hear or not ?
Whitesides. He could hear sometimes when they baul'd to him in Newgate.
Court. Then we must make him hear now.
Whitesides, bauling, the Court will make you hear.
Prisoner. Indeed I am quite deaf.
Court. If he remains obslinate he must be press'd.
Whitesides, bauling. The Court says, you must be press'd to Death if you won't hear!
Prisoner. Ha!
Court. Read the Law - Batlet the Executioner first tye his Thumbs.
[Then the Executioner ty'd his Thumbs together with Whipcord, and with the Assistance of an Officer drew the Knot very hard.]
Prisoner. My dear Lord, I am deaf as the Ground.
Executioner. Guilty or not guilty?
Prisoner. My sweet, sugar, precious Lord, I am deaf indeed, and have been so these ten Years.
Executioner. Guilty or not guilty?
Court. Hold him there a little - Now loosen the Cord, and give him a little Time to consider of it; but let him know what he must expect if he continues obstinate, for the Court will not be trifled with.

Then the Prisoner was taken, away but in five Minutes was brought back again and pleaded not Guilty.


                  John 
                  Hutchins 
               



            . I live with Mr. Bromfield, at the Woolpack, on the Bridge. The Prisoner and another came into my Master's-Shop, between 8 and 9 in the Morning, and cheapen'd some Stockings; I shew'd them 2 or 3 pair; they bid me Money, but I could not take it, and so they both went out again. I presently heard some Body in the Street say, Friend, you have dropt your Stockings; upon which I went out and seiz'd the Prisoner, and saw the Stockings drop from under his Great-coat; but his Companion got away.


                  Ralph 
                  Ford 
               



            . I saw some Stockings drop from the Prisoner. A Man took them up, and gave them to him, when Mr. Hutchins coming outseiz'd the Prisoner, and I saw the Stockings under his Great-coat before he let them fall.
Prisoner. The Man that ran away, gave me the Stockings, and told me, he had bought them. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


