






33. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Baxter 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 76 Yards of Cloth-coloured Shagreen, value 3 l. 15 s. 10 d. 31 Yards of blue Shagreen, value 26 s. 8 d. five Yards of Crimson Shagreen, value 6 s. seven Yards of Yellow Shagreen, value 9 s. and other Mercery Goods to a great value
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Salt 
                  



                
            , May 21

. And
34. 
               
                  
                     Elenor 
                     Cousen 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving 75 Yards of Cloth coloured Shagreen, 29 Yards of blue ditto, &c. parcel of the said Goods, knowing them to be stolen
            , the 21st of May

.


                  William 
                  Salt 
               



            . The Prisoner became my Journeyman
 in January last; since which he has robb'd me of the Things mentioned in the Indictment. Cousens had carried two Pieces of my Goods to pawn; and when she went with the third, the Pawnbroker suspecting she had stole them, stopt her, and made her give an Account, how she came by them. Mr. Page, the Pawnbroker, brought her to my House, and she confess'd she had the Goods of Baxter; that she pawn'd them for him, and that she gave him the Money they were pawn'd for.


                  Nicholas 
                  Page 
               



            . The Prisoner Cousens brought three pieces of Shagreen to me; I lent her Money upon two; the first piece was brought the 5th of May, the 2d, the 14th, and the 20th, she came again with another, I then ask'd whose they were; she said a Person near St. Clement's Church, and desired me, if I did not care to lend Money upon it, to let her have the Goods again. I insisted upon her going with me to the Person she had them of, and as we were going along, she said she had them of one Baxter, a Servant, and wanted to go to an Ale-house and send for him; but I would not suffer that, but made her go to the House. I called for the Master of the Shop, and asked him if he had not a Servant whose Name was Baxter, and I discovered the Affair to him. Baxter immediately begg'd for Mercy, and that we would not charge a Constable with him; he own'd he would make his Master Satisfaction.


                  Nicholas 
                  Bright 
               



            . I am a Constable. Mr. Salt sent for me the 20th of May: Baxter own'd the taking the Goods, and she own'd her receiving them knowing how he came by them: He fell upon his Knees and own'd both in the Shop and in the Garden that he gave Cousens the Goods, and wish'd his Arms might rot off his Body if ever he had wrong'd his Master of any Thing else; but next Day we found several Things at the Woman's Lodging, and all the rest we found at Pawnbrokers. All that she said by way of excuse, was, that she was very sorry she was brought into this Scrape. She went for his Wife, and he kept her in Lodgings. Baxter 


               Guilty 39 s.
             Cousens 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


