





60. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hindmarsh 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Looking-Glass, value 6 s. a brass Candlestick, value 10 d. a Linnen Counterpain, value 30 s. a pair of Blankets, value 7 s. a pair of Sheets, value 4 s. 2 linnen Pillowbiers, value 12 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Roberts 
                        




                      
                  , in her Lodging
            , July 12
.


                  Susanna 
                  Roberts 
               



            . About the 11th or 12th of July, I let the Prisoner a Lodging in my House at 3 s. a Week; she came in the Evening, and then I saw all my Goods in the Room, for I help'd her to make the Bed. In the Morning I intended she should breakfast with me, so I went up Stairs. to call her, but no Body answered. About 12 I open'd the Door, and found the Bed just as I had made it the Night before, - only it was stripp'd, and the rest of my Goods were gone. About a Month afterward, one Mrs. Cotton inform'd me, that she had seen some of my Things in a Broker's (one Mrs. Bushnel's ) Shop in Castle-Street. Upon this, I went thither, and found my Looking-glass, but the Broker would have 6 s. for it.
Mrs. Cotton. About a Week after the Prosecutrix was robb'd, we found the Candlestick and the Glass at Bushnel's, and nothing more, for the Constable did not search carefully; he open'd no Boxes nor Drawers.
Roberts. Bushnel informed us, she had the Goods of the Prisoner, and the Prisoner when she was before Justice Mercer own'd she took them.


                  John 
                  Freeman 
               



            . The Prisoner when she was produc'd, acknowledged that she had stole a Candlestick, a Blanket, and a Looking Glass and no more; but 4 Days after this, she own'd that she took all the rest, and had sold them all to this Bushnel.
( Bushnel not appearing, the Court order'd her Recognizance to be estreated )
Prisoner. I am very well acquainted with this Mrs. Bushnel, and happening to be there one Day, who should I see with Mrs. Bushnel but fat 
               
                  Betty 
                  Cook 
               



            ; so they took me to the Gin-shop, and made me almost drunk, while we were at the Gin-shop says Betty Cook, I want a little Money, - let's go and take a Lodging. We agreed upon it, and went out together for that Purpose: when we came to Mrs. Robert's House, says Cook there's a Bill up, - and 'twas the first Bill we came at, - do you go in and take the Lodging, and so I did. At Night I went to my new Lodging, and at a proper Time I handed the Things out to them - they waited at the Door for them. My Lord, I am a Housekeeper my self at Hyde Park Corner, - please to let me suffer here, by burning me in the Hand, - or what you please.
Justice Mercer. I granted a Warrant to search Bushnel's House, and had her before me, and she said the Prisoner was to be produced, for she liv'd at Hyde-Park Corner. What the Prisoner says now is very different from what she said when she was before me. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


