







345, 346, 347. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wint 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Brown 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a Deal-Box, val. 3 s. 20 Dozen of Lamb-Gloves, val. 16 l. 10 s. 13 Dozen of Kid-Skin ditto, value 13 l. 15 Pair of Stockings, value 2 l. 10 s. 10 Pair of Cotton Gloves, value 1 l. 1 Dozen of Thread Socks, val. 15 s. 18 Yards of Pink-Brocade, val. 4 l. 10 s. 24 Yards of Persian Silk, val. 6 l. 14 Yards and a half, and one Yard of Tabby, val. 3 l. 10 s. and other Things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Ashburn 
                  



                
            , April 28

. And,


                     Mary 
                     Bullinbroke , alias, 

                        Mary
                         the 
                        Wife
 of 
                           
                              JAMES 
                              DEAL 
                           








               
            , (with 
               
                  Cossal 
                  Jonas 
               



            , not yet taken) were indicted for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stole
            .


                  Charles 
                  Ashburn 
               



            . I am a Book-keeper
 to the Peterborough Waggon, at the Horse-shoe Inn, in Goswell-street



. The Box of Goods was brought to me, on the 28th of April, it was taken in by my Servant, and was directed to Mrs. 
               
                  Barbara 
                  Jakeman 
               



            , at Peterborough. The Goods were lost out of the Yard, and I paid 50 l. for them.


                  John 
                  Spencer 
               



            . On the 28th of April, ('twas Saturday Night) between Nine and Ten, I took in the Box to go by the Peterborough Waggon on Monday Morning to Mrs. 
               
                  Barbara 
                  Jakeman 
               



            , at Peterborough. Mr. Marriot's Man brought it in, and a Carman brought up a Truss of Goods, and put it under the Shed, and the Box was set upon the Truss. The Prisoner Wint brought up the Carman's Whip after him, and I thought he had belonged to him. In less than Half an Hour, the Box was taken away, but I can't say the Prisoner took it.
Wint. Ask him whether he's positive I am the Person that brought the Carman his Whip?
Spencer. Yes.
Wint. Did you ever see me before?
Spencer No.
Wint. Then how can you be positive; you say it was between Nine and Ten o'Clock at Night?
Spencer. I had a Candle and Lanthorn, and saw more Men at the Door, but I cannot swear the Prisoner Brown was one of them.
Wint. Are you positive that I brought the Carman his Whip?
Spencer. I don't care to swear it positively.


                  James 
                  Akins 
               



            . This John Brown, Jemmy Wint and I were in Moorfields, playing at Skittles, and from thence all went through Coleman street, and along the City, to see if any Chance offered. When we came to Aldersgate, we saw a Cart going through the Gate: Wint said, - here's a Chance, and he jumped up, and pulled the Box towards the Tail of the Cart, but at Long-Line End, the Carman turned about and put it farther in the Cart again We followed the Cart to the Horse-shoe Inn; then the Carman took the Box to carry up the Inn, and cry'd, - who will hold my Whip? Wint said, - I will. Then the Carman took a Truss and carry'd it and the Box up the Yard, and Wint followed with the Whip. In a little Time he came down the Yard again, and said, - 'twas hoddy enough; - we shall have it presently. Then he went up the Yard again, and brought the Box as far as the Horse-Pond, but a Woman coming up the Yard he set it down, and when the Woman was gone, he went in again, and brought it clear off. Brown stood at the Watch-House at a little Distance from the Inn, and I sat upon a Bench, where I could see all he did; we kept asunder, that the People might have no Occasion to suspect us, from seeing too many of us together. I have known Wint and Brown a great while, and here's a Man they call the Handsome Drawer, that has often seen us together.


                  Robert 
                  Staples 
               



            , the Handsome Drawer. I am Servant at the Farthing Pye House, the Sign of the Maiden Head, a Publick House on Windmill Hill. I have seen them several Times together, but can't recollect the particular Days. I have often seen them together in Moorfields, and they have been several Times, since last Christmas at our House, and at other Ale-houses. I know nothing of their Characters, for I never conversed with them, nor do I know how they get their Bread. I have heard, that one of them is a Calender, and the other a Weaver.
Wint. Have you ever heard any Harm of me?
Staples. Harm! - I never saw any thing of Harm. - I have heard but an indifferent Character of them. - I can alledge nothing against them. - I have heard their Characters are but indifferent.
Akins. When we had got the Box, we carry'd it into the Fields, and there we broke it open, and took out the Goods. We carried them to my Room, and fetched Bullinbroke and Deal to buy them. We bargained for 7 l. 8 s. 6 d. She knows 'tis true, and that this was not the first Time she has been at our House, and she knew how we came by our Goods. I went to her that very Night about Eleven o'Clock, and she told me, she could not come to look at the Things that Night, but she lent me a Shilling, and she was at that Time a-bed with Deal. On Sunday Morning she came to see the Goods; we bargained, and she took the Silk away with her then, and gave us a Guinea in Part, out of a Green Purse. On Monday Morning they came and took more of them, and gave us another Guinea, and in the Afternoon they came and took all the rest away, and paid us the rest of the Money.
Bullinbroke. Did I, or Jemmy Deal, buy the Goods?
Akins. She made a Bargain for the Silk, and was to give four Guineas for it. Deal and she fetched away the Gloves in a Hand-Basket. The Woman knows me very well, her Husband, 
               
                  William 
                  Bullinbroke 
               



             was hanged * a very little while ago. And Wint was an Evidence against Grafton Kirk and Terry Gerrard+.
* He was convicted last December Sessions. See his Trial, No. 16.
+ They were convicted December 1737, for robbing Captain 
               
                  Gough
               


            , and Mr. Adams in the Endfield Coach.
Wint. I have People to speak to my Character, ever since I was Guilty of that Fault.


                  Jonas 
                  Meredith 
               



            . I come to speak for the young Man, - I can't think of his Name, - but I know him; my Brother marry'd his Mother, - I can't think of his Name, - he never wronged any body in the World.


                  John 
                  Anderson 
               



            . I live in Brick-Lane; am a Broker and a Weaver too. I come to speak for 
               
                  John 
                  Culverrwell 
               



            , -
Brown. That's my right Name.
Anderson. He is a Journey-man Weaver
 by Trade, and I have seen him at Work at his Father-in-Law's, - 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Meredith 
               



            , in Angel-Alley; I believe I have seen him at Work, within these twelve Months. As to his general Character, I have heard but very little amiss of him. - He might be given to Drinking, or so, - I have not heard much against him.
Mr. Chamberlen. On the 23d of May, Brown was bought before me, and made a voluntary Information of ten or twelve Robberies, and put Akins into his Information. I had heard of this Robbery, in Goswell-street, and asked him if he was concerned in that. He said, - upon his Word he was not. I bid him conceal nothing, and told him, if I found he did, I would have nothing to say to him. Akins had put this Robbery into his Information, and so I would not stop him. If Brown had confessed this, I should have admitted him an Evidence against Akins.
Three Witnesses appeared for Brown. One always thought him to be honest and just: Another took him to be a sober Lad, but as to his Character he never enquired into that; and the 3d never knew any Harm of him.
A Woman appear'd for Wint, and gave an Account that she had employ'd him in carrying Fruit, Greens, &c. for her to Spittlefields Market; that he did this Business for her about four Months, and then enter'd himself on Board a Man of War; that he came home about Christmas last, and since that Time had fetch'd Scores of Pounds for her.
Jury. Had Brown Part of the Money?
Akins. Yes. Out of the first Guinea we had 7 s. a-piece, and the Money was shar'd in the Room where we liv'd. The other Guinea was shar'd in the Street, at Whitechappel, and the rest we shar'd in the Afternoon. Brown had his Share of the whole. Wint, 

               Guilty
            . Brown,* 

               Acquitted
            . Bullinbroke, 

               Guilty
            .
* Wint, before the Jury gave their Verdict, declared that Brown was innocent.




[Wint: Death. See summary.]






[Bullinbroke: Transportation. See summary.]


