





1. 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Maccartney 
                  



               
            , of London


, Labourer
, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Sword with a Steel Hilt, inlaid with Gold, value 6 l. 6 s. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Bennet 
                           Swain 
                        




, Jan. 6
.


                  Bennet 
                  Swain 
               



            . Between 4 and 5 in the Afternoon, the 6th of this Instant, I was going along Cornhill


, and as I pass'd by a Crowd, I felt a twitching at my Side; I clapt my Hand on my Side, and found my Sword was gone. I cry'd stop Thief, the Man was pursued and taken in Bartholomew-Lane.


                  Thomas 
                  Holmes 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner and a Bricklayer dodging between the Coaches, and the Bricklayer cry'd stop Thief; the Prisoner run thro' Castle-Alley; I followed and saw him drop something from under his Coat, like a Sword, at the White-Horse Alehouse: I did not take it up, but pursued him to the middle of Bartholomew-Lane, where he was taken.


                  Benjamin 
                  Crow 
               



            , I live at Janeway's Coffee-House, and hearing the Cry, stop Thief, I went to our Back-door, and saw the Prisoner run past the Door; I ran after him, and within 3 Yards of the Alehouse, I saw him drop something into the Cellar; after the Sword was taken up, and carried into the House, I ran into Bartholomew-Lane and said, the Sword was found. The Prisoner is the Man, for I was coming out as he pass'd by, and I had a full View of him.


                  Mary 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I went down and took the Sword, 4 Steps from the Bottom of the Cellar.
Thomas Church. When the Prisoner was taken, I was sent for to take him into Custody; he told me, he was afraid of Bailiffs, and that was the Reason he gave for his running.


                  William 
                  White 
               



            . I live at the Fountain Tavern in Bartholomew-Lane, hearing the Cry, and seeing him run, I took him by the Collar, and asked him why he ran; he told me, the Bailiffs were pursuing him.


                  John 
                  Bragg 
               



            . I saw him running in Bartholomew-Lane and laid hold of him, and said he should not go, till we saw what the Matter was.
The Sword being produced in Court, Mr. Swain declared it was the same he lost; and the Prisoner having nothing to say in his Defence that was Material, the Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


