





16. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chambers 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Silver Watch, value 4 l. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Greathead 
                        




, October 21
.
Joseph Greathead. On the 21st of October last about 6 in the Evening, as I was going down Snow-Hill


, 3 or 4 Men stopp'd me and buffet'd me about. The Prisoner was one of them, and he push'd me on the Breast thus, and then 3 of them run towards the Conduit. I presently miss'd my Watch, cry'd Stop Thief, pursued the Prisoner and took him within about 10 Yards from where I was robb'd.
Prisoner. Was I coming up the Hill or going, when you saw me first, Mr. Greathead?
Witness. You and your Companions were coming up and met me - I went to the Prisoner twice, when he was in the Counter, and he owned to me there that he was in the Robbery, and his Companions had sent him part of the Money that the Watch was pawn'd for.
Prisoner. Ah Lord! ha, ha, ha!


                  William 
                  Harmet 
               



            . Last Monday I went with Mr. Greathead to see the Prisoner in the Compter - The Prisoner had made an Information and Confession before Alderman Brocas of a great many Robberies that he had been concerned in with several others; and I think two of them were taken; upon which the Prosecutor said to him, Were those two concerned with you in taking my Watch, The Prisoner answered, Yes. Are you sure of it? says the Prosecutor. Yes; reply'd the Prisoner. And adds the Prosecutor. Do you know where the Watch is? No, says t'other, for I was taken up immediately, and they pawn'd it, and sent me part of the Money.
Then the Prisoner's Confession was proved, and read in Court.
He therein says, that he, and others stole a Silver Watch in Leaden-hall-street - a Tuck Sword - a Silver Watch in Queen-street - another Sword - a Gold Watch - a Silver-hilted Sword in Long-Acre - a Silver Watch behind the Exchange - another near Drury Lane - a Gold Watch - a Silver Watch in Fleet-Street - other Watches - and lastly, that on the 21st of October, about 6 at Night, that he, and four more on Snow-Hill, picked the Pocket of Mr. Greathead of a Silver Watch.


                  William 
                  Ridley 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner three or four Years; he is a Mop-stick-maker
, he follow'd his Business, at which he could get 18 s. a Week; and I never saw any ill of him.
The Jury found him 

               guilty
             of Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


