






9. 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Burn 
                  



                
            , was a second Time indicted with 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Ingram 
                  



                
            , for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Attwood 
                        




                      
                  , at St. James's Clerkenwell


, about the Hour of 7 at Night, and stealing a Wooden Drawer, value 3 d. and 35 s in Money
            , February 18
.


                  Charles 
                  Attwood 
               



            . I keep a Chandler's Shop
. On the 18 th of February about seven o'Clock at Night, I saw my Shop Door latched with an iron Latch; I was in a back Room behind the Shop, and a Boy came and told me I was robb'd: I went directly to see what I had lost, and looking about, I miss'd the Till, Money, Lock and Key, - all was gone together. The Boy told me he saw them and knew them.
Burn. Pray Mr. Atwood, was the Door fast?
Atwood. Yes.
Burn The Door was open; we never broke a Lock in our Lives: We had no Knives, nor any Thing to open a Door with.


                  William 
                  Walton 
               



            , (the Boy) I was going of an Errand, and saw the two Prisoners, and Jones the Accomplice at Mr. Atwood's Door about 7 o'Clock, (I don't remember the Night) but Jones cross'd the way and stood still: Burn open'd the Door, and brought out the Till, and left the Door open When Burn came out with it in his Hand; Jones cross'd the way to him again, and they all went out together: Burn spoke to Ingram when he came out, but what he said I was not near enough to hear. I knew all of them, and so I told Mr. Atwood.
Q. Was it so light at 7 o'Clock in February, that you could know their Faces.
Walten. It was dark; but there was a Lamp by the Door and the Shop Windows were open. I don't know whether I could distinguish their Faces, if there had been no Lights.
Q. Did Ingram and Jones seem to be of the same Company?
Walton, Yes, they were all 3 standing together at the Door, when I pass'd by them.
Burn. Do you know whether the Door was latch'd or no?
Walton 'Twas a Hatch, and 'twas fast; I saw him lean over it and open it, tho' I cannot say I saw him lift up the Latch.
Burn. The Door was a Foot open, when I went to the Door: I only went in for a Farthing's worth of Small-Beer, and the Till was half in, half out, and that was not lock'd neither.
Ingram. Did you see me at the Door?
Walton Yes; I knew them all 3 very well, and saw all their 3 Faces, but did not speak to them.


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . About the middle of February, the 2 Prisoners and I, coming down the Street, saw Mr. Atwood's Door shut. I cross'd the Way and stood still: Burn went in and brought out the Drawer, and we ran together to the end of Bell-Alley; then Ingram perceiving that Burn's Hand was in the Drawer, - You Rogue, says he, what are you doing, and took it away from him; there was 23 s. and Eight-pence half-peny in it; if there was more, Burn sunk it while his Hand was in it. The Money was empty'd into my Apron, and at the Tobacco-Roll against St. Andrew's Church in Holbourn we shar'd it. I had 6d, less than either of the Prisoners, for they said 6d, had been lost, and so to prevent Disputes I took the Loss to my self. We had some Beef-stakes dressing then for our Suppers, but Ingram's Mother informing us that Mr. Atwood was coming upon us, we went away without eating them.
Q. Was the Hatch latch'd or not?
Jones. Yes, it was; for he push'd against it, and it would not open, then he lean'd over, and lifted up the Latch?
Q. On your Oath, Did you see him lift up the Latch?

Jones. I can't say I saw him lift it up, but I saw him lean over, and then it opened. There was a Light in the Shop, but 'twas Dark in the Street.
Burn. I never touched the Latch with my Hands, and how can he say he saw me lift it up, when he stood on the other side of the way.
Jones. I was not more than 3 yards distance from the Door.
Burn. My Lord, we had just stole some brass Weights, and the Evidence carried them to his Wife to sell for us, and he came back to us after I came out of the Shop, and said, Charles, have you made the Lob?
Jones. This was half an Hour before.
Burn. My Lord, he is an old Rogue; he brings up Youth to Thievery, and then Swears against them for the sake of the Reward.
Ingram. The Night this Robbery was Committed, I was at the Magpye at Holbourn-Bridge, and Burn and Jones came in there; my Mother persuaded me to go out of the way, and with long Persuasion I did: I knew nothing of these Fellows, not I. To Ingram's Character, 
               
                  John 
                  Ingram 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Thomas 
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Gill 
               



            , appear'd.
Ingram. If the Rogue had not Swore so heartily against me, I could have had 40 more to have appear'd for me.
Burn I serv'd his Majesty; but have fell into bad Company; I was just about to leave off, when the Evidence Jones Swore this against me. * My Lord, when Jones and I, and Ingram, stole the Weights, it wanted half an Hour of Dark, and he only went up the next Alley with them to his Wife, and while he was gone, we did this, so it could not be Dark.
* This Declaration, and the Prisoner's Questions with Regard to the Time, and the Doors being fast, were to make the Burglary doubtful.




               Both acquitted of the Burglary. Guilty Felony
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


