






3, 4 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Spaule 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Lightfoot 
               



             , were indicted for 


               stealing in the Parish of St. George in the East


, 14 Chissels, an Ax, a Gouge, 2 Gimblets, 2 Hammers, and 2 Stones, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Slack 
                        



                      
                  . An Ax, an Iron-square, a pair of Pincers, Chissels, and other Things, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lindsey 
                        



                      
                   ; and a Lock, 2 lb. of Nails, and other Things, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Sparks 
                        



, the 24th of April
 last.
The Prosecutors, who were Carpenter


s, had been at Work at a House in Well-Close-Square


. They left their Tools there on Saturday Night, and lock'd the Door; but when they came again on Monday Morning, the Door was open, the Lock taken off, and their Tools were gone. They could not Work without them, and so they went to the Alehouse; while they were there, the Prisoner Lightfoot came into a Hog-butchers Yard with 2 Axes, and an Iron Square, which he set down by a Tub, and went out again, without saying any thing. The Hog-butcher's Men at first thought that the Capenters were coming there to work; but seeing Lightfoot come again, and saunter about the Gate, one of them said, I believe that Fellow is a Thief, upon which Lightfoot curs'd and swore, and went off. When presently a Man came, and said, a Parcel of Carpenters Tools were stolen out of a House in Well-Close-Square. The Butchers went out, and saw the other Prisoner Spaule, in a Leather-Apron, and with a Nail Bag at his Back. The Butchers and the other Man divided themselves, and follow'd the Prisoners at a Distance, in order to surround 'em unawares. Two Boys, who were going from Shadwell to White-Chapel, saw the Prisoners cross a Field, and stop by the Side of a Rail, where they stoop'd down, as if they were digging. The Butchers coming up, the Boys directed them to the Prisoners, whom they took. Some of the Tools were found in a Hole where the Prisoners had hid 'em, and some in Spaule's Apron, which was lying about a Yard from the Hole. Notice was sent to the Alehouse were the Prosecutors were drinking, and they came and own'd their Goods. The Jury found them 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d.
             each.





[Transportation. See summary.]


