







45. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Goodman 
                  



               
             of St. Sepulchres


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Grogram Coat, Value 45 s. a pair of Breeches Value 15 s. a Silk Waistcoat with Silver Lace, Value 3 l. a Wig and a pair of Shoes
            , the Goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Osborn 
               



             , July 11


.
He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing 32 Yards of Linen, Value 42 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Root 
                  



                
            , March 2


. And
A third time indicted for 


               stealing 120 Yards of Callimanco, Value 6 l.
             toe Goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Fellows 
               



             , May 30


.
First Indictment.


                  John 
                  White 
               



            . The Prisoner was Porter
 at the Rose and Crown Inn in St. John-street. Mr. Osborn's Box was brought into the Ware-House on the 10th of July; and being mist the same Day, the Prisoner was examined, but deny'd it, and absconded. Mr. Osborn valued it at 30 l. Upon which we advertis'd it, and the Pawn-broker brought us the Waistcoat, which he said he had from 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Wells 
               



            , who was the Prisoner's Acquaintance. She was taken up, and confest she had it of the Prisoner, and directed us to the Place where we found him. He then confest that he took the Box out of the Ware-house, and gave her the Cloaths to pawn, and that she gave him all the Money.
Eliz. Wells. I had the Goods of the Prisoner, who was my Countryman. He said the Owner wanted to borrow some Money upon them. I pawn'd the Coat for 25 s. and the Breeches for 8 s. and gave him the Money. In like manner the other 2 Indictments were proved against the Prisoner, and the Jury found him 

               Guilty
             of each.




[Transportation. See summary.]


