





6 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Jonas*, otherwise 
Jonas




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Hat, a Pair of Shoes, and a Pair of Buckles
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hurtley 
                  




                
            , June 28
.
*Jonas was try'd on two Indictments in May last; one for robbing 
               
                  William 
                  Banks 
               



             in Stepney-Fields, and the other for stealing the Tilt of a Boat, but acquitted or both. See the Sessions Paper, Number V. Pages 131 and 151.
W. Hartly. I had been at London, and returning homeward, I went to ease myself in a Ditch in White-Horse-Field, in Radcliff


, and afterwards, it being sultry hot, and my Shoes (which were new) drawing my Feet, I pull'd them off, and slapping my Hat over my Face, I laid down and fell asleep. I was waked by Somebody's twitching my Hat away, for I had put the Loop of it about my Finger. I started up upon my Breech, and, God! says I, where's my Shoes and Buckles? Says a Man, who was not far from me, There goes he that has got 'em, and pointed to the Prisoner, who was running off. I saw my Hat in his Hand, and followed him barefoot. He dropp'd my Hat, and jump'd over a Bank into a Garden, and I after, and took him. Now are not you a Rascal, says I, to rob a Man of his Clothes? You think to get the Devil and all of a Man, if he is but a little tight and clean. He called after the other Man, who followed at a Distance, and said, Jack! where' the Man's Shoes? but he sheer'd off. Then, says the Prisoner, if you'll go with me to Rag-Fair, plausible you may find him a selling them. So I collar'd him, and took him with me, and he went from one Place to another under that Pretence, but only wanted an Opportunity to get off; and so I got Help and secured him.


                  Sam 
                  Clemson 
               



            . The Prisoner and Prosecutor had a sort of Tustle just by our Door, so I went and took hold of the Prisoner. Damn you, says he, you're no Officer, and I'll tip you up, if you don't loose my Collar ; but I held him 'till an Officer, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Colvert 
               



            , came.


                  Thomas 
                  Colvert 
               



            . The Prisoner offered to make it up, and pay for the Shoes and Buckles ; but I carried him before the Justice, who presently knew him, and said, How long have you been out? Did not I commit you and two or three more, a little while ago? 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


