







19. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Dawson 
                  



                
             (a little Boy
) was indicted for 


               privily stealing 22 Pair of Childrens Stockings, Value 5 s. 6 d. and a woollen Petticoat, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Taylor 
                        



                      
                  , in his Shop
            , January


                  Joseph 
                  Taylor 
               



            . Between 7 and 8 at Night my Maid, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Skinner 
               



            , went out on an Errand, while I and others were in the Back-Shop. She return'd in 5 Minutes, but in the mean time I lost a Canister of Tea, a Parcel of Stockings, and a Petticoat.
Eliz. Skinner. When I came back I met the Prisoner coming out of the Shop with the Stockings and Petticoat, I push'd him in again, and he drop'd the Goods at his Feet.
Prisoner. I never was in the Shop.
Taylor. As young as the Prisoner is, he has been here before; he was an Evidence about a Year ago. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            

He was a second time indicted, with 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hitch 
                  



                
            , for 


               privately stealing Sixty Yards of printed Lawn, value 4 l. 6 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hodges 
                        



                      
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Turner 
                        



                      
                  , in their Shop
            , Decem. 29

.


                  Thomas 
                  Hodges 
               



            . On the 29th of December, I lost 2 Pieces of printed Linen Handkerchiefs out of my Shop, in Blow-Bladder-Street



.


                  Richard 
                  Wheatly 
               



            . The Prisoner Dawson was my School-Fellow. As I stood at my Master's Door (next to the Prosecutor's) between 5 and 6 at Night, I saw the Prisoner and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Pancost 
               



             standing together, in the Horse-Shoe Alehouse Passage; Dawson went into the Prosecutor's Shop, and brought out the Goods under his great Coat, and had like to have fell into the Kennel for haste; then he, and the other two, ran down St. Martin's ; I cry'd, stop Thief, they were pursu'd, but got off for that Time, but were afterwards taken.
Dawson. If you saw us run, why did you not run after us your self?
Wheatly. Because there was no Body in our Shop


                  Richard 
                  Pancost 
               



            . I and the Prisoner went out a thieving together. We used to meet at one Howard's House in Baldwin's Gardens, where we used to sell the Goods we stole; and Howard and his Wife are now in Hold for buying stolen Goods. We met at Howard's between 4 and 5 in the Evening, and went from thence to Mr. Hodges's Shop, where we saw the Footman hang on one Door, and go backwards for the other, and then Dawson went in and got the Goods, while we stood to watch. We run down St. Martin's, where we lost Dawson, but we met him again at Howard's. We sold 'em all to Howard's Wife for 22 s. She gave us 12 s. that Night, and 10 s. next Morning. We shared the Money, and had 7 s. 4 d. a-piece.
Mr. Hodges. The Goods cost me 4 l. 6 s. Dawson says he is but 14 Years old, but by the Parish Books of St. Martin's, it appears he's above 17. The Jury found Dawson 

               guilty
             of the Indictment. 


               Death
            . But Hitch was found 


               guilty only to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Hitch: Transportation. See summary.]


