





20. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Blackerby 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Hilted Sword, value 3 l. a Silk Wastecoat trim'd with Gold Lace. value 40 s a Stock and Stock Buckle and a pair of Stockings the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Forrester 
                        




Gent
. in the House of 
                     
                        Jonathan 
                        Witchead 
                     




June 2
.
David Forrester. The first Night of June 1 was a lattle fuddled, and coming fra' Charing-Crose I mat this Woman and anither near the Saven Dials. They got me intull a Hoose, it was a Tavern 
               
                  Brandy 
                  Shop 
               



            , and got mare Liquor tull me, and gard me mare fuddled than before. They wanted Money o' me, but I tald 'em I had none, and I said, There's my Sward, what wad ye ha' mare? Tack ye that for a Pledge, but dunna ye tack it out of the Room, and I'll send for some Money in the Moarning. Then I ged to bed wi'the Prasoner and the ither Woman. Next Moarning, Su Murphey, who lodges in the same Hoose, came and tald me that this twa Woman were rin away wi my Goods. Sa I gade to Justice Mitford who committed Murphey tull Prison, and granted me a Warant for apprehending the Prasoner, and in twa or three Days she was sent tull the Round-Hoose. The Constable and I gade tull her and found my Stockings upon her Legs. I wad a' taken 'em off, but she said if I did she wad sware a Robery upon me, and sa she tack 'em off her sell.
Prisoner Was I in your Company any farther than to drink with you and 
               
                  Susan 
                  Minion 
               



            , or otherwise alias Day?
D. Forrester. I lay with them both.
Prisoner. But I say you had no Carnal Copulation with me - You told Su Minion, or otherwise alias Day, that you was just come out of the Country, and had no Money, and was loth to disturb your Friends, and she said you should lye in her Bed, and so you gave her the Sword for -


                  Edward 
                  Hayes 
               



            , Chairman. Between five and six that Morning as I was in a 
               
                  Brandy 
                  Shop 
               



             in St. Martin's Court in the Strand, the Prisoner and 
               
                  Sue 
                  Day 
               



             said they'd take a Dram with me at my House. With all my Heart, says I, and so I goes and knocks my Wife up. But she having no Liquor. I fetch'd a Quart, and then went to Bed and slept 'till she waked me, and said, that they having no Money to pay the Reckoning, she had pawn'd a Laced Waistcoat for the Prisoner, but was afraid it was stole, because they two had been a quarrelling, and charged one another with the Robbery. So I abused my Wife -
Prisoner. Your Wife? Ye Rascal! What is Mrs Wileman your Wife? She hanged a Man two Sessions ago - Every body knows Moll Wileman.


                  E 
                  Hays 
               



            . And what made me suspect the Prisoner the more, was, that she had got a Silver Hilted Sword with a Blue Belt, and she pull'd up her Coats and buckled it on next to her Smock - So after she was gone I went in pursuit of her, and finding her in a Night Cellar at Charing Cross, I desired her to fetch the Waistcoat out of pawn, for it being pawn'd in my Name I might come into a scrape about it. But instead of that she abused me. Then I left her and met 
               
                  Tom 
                  Day 
               



             - 
               
                  Sue 
                  Minion 
               



             goes for Tom's Wife - and Tom carried me to the Constable, who said the Gentleman would be easy and give no body any trouble if he could have his Things again. I goes to the Prisoner again, and asks her if she had made away with the Sword; she said, No. Then she came up Stairs and took Coach to Cabbage Lane - I dogged her, and saw her housed. I went back to the Constable, and he and I fetch'd the Waist-coat out of pawn, and then we went and took the Prisoner - but she had disposed of the Sword.


                  Mary 
                  Hays 
               



             alias Wileman. After my Husband went to bed, the Prisoner and 
               
                  Sue 
                  Day 
               



             drank twelve or eighteen Penn'orth of Surfeit Water. The Prisoner shew'd me this Laced Waistcoat, and desired me to pawn it, which I did, in Hemmings's Row for thirteen Shillings, and gave the Money to her.
Prisoner. You lye Mrs. Wileman! You gave it to Sue Day who is one of your own Creatures.


                  Mary 
                  Hays 
               



            . Then the Prisoner sent me for a Pot of Beer, and when I returned they two were a bitching one another; and says Sue Day, This Bitch and I have both been a-bed with a Man, and brought away his Waistcoat, and Sword, and Stockings. Well, says the Prisoner And I wish I had brought away his Coat and Breeches too. They were going to fight, and I awaked my Husband, who went for a Constable, but before he came back they were both gone.
Prisoner. The Prosecutor wanted me to go to bed with him, but I said, No, not to the finest Man upon Earth. Then he gave his Sword to Sue Day to let him lie with her - Next Morning she told me he had made her a present of his Waistcoat as well as his Sword - The Stockings were in the Waistcoat Pocket, and them she gave me. We went to Wileman's, where we got drunk and quarrelled, and thereupon she went into York Buildings, and fetch'd 
               
                  Tom 
                  Day 
               



            , and he charged me with the Robbery, but said, if I'd give him a Guinea, he would make it up with the Gentleman; because I refus'd it, this has followed. 
               
                  Sue 
                  Murphey 
               



            , who is a Prisoner below, will prove that he gave the Sword to Day.
Susan Murphey. When the Prosecutor came, he said, he had no Money, but would send a Porter for some if they would oblige him. They asked him for a Pledge, he said he had often been tricked that way but was grown wiser. At last he said he would give his Sword to Sue Day, but that she should lay it in the Chair, and not carry it out of the Room  So he put it into her Hand, not, I believe as a Present, but as a Pledge. He asked me to pawn it to my Landlady, who is a Pawn-broker, though she keeps a Brandy-shop.
Prisoner. You are a vile notorious Woman Susan.
The Jury found her 


               guilty to the value of 4s. 10 d
            . - As soon as she heard the Verdict, she said, my Curse and God's Curse go along with ye! and the Prayers of my Children fall upon ye.




[Transportation. See summary.]


