







                     Grace 
                     Long 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Silver Watch with two Seals, a pair of Silver Shoe-buckles, a pair of Silver Knee-buckles, a pair of Crystal Buttons, a Gold Ring, and a Mother of Pearl Snuff-Box, the Goods of 
                     
                        Evan 
                        Edwards 
                     



                  ; and a Gold Seal and 8 Guineas, the Property of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Hales 
                     



                   , Esq
; from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Evan 
                           Edwards 
                        



, Jan. 5
.


                  Evan 
                  Edwards 
               



            . On Friday the 4th of Jan. I had been in the City to receive some Money for my Master's Brother 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Hales 
               



             Esq; and as I was going home to Suffolk-Street, I met the Prisoner by Temple-Bar, and she took me to her Lodgings by St. Giles's Pound


, and there she robb'd me of 8 Guineas, and a 
               
                  Crystal 
                  Seal 
               



            , set in Gold, that belong'd to my Master's Brother; and a Silver Watch; a Mother of 
               
                  Pearl
                   Snuff-Box
               



            , and a pair of Silver Knee-buckles of my own, and these were all in my Breeches.
Court. And do ye know how they were taken out?
Edwards. She took them when I was asleep, for I pull'd off my Breeches, and the rest of my Things and went to Bed with her, and she took the Buckles out of my Shoes and another out of my Stock. But the Buttons were in my Shirt-sleeves and the Ring upon my Finger.
Court. Then there was nothing taken from your Person but the Ring and the Buckles?
Edwards. No, and when I waked in the Morning I mist my Things, and she was gone too. I enquired for her of the People of the House, and left Directions with them where I lived. And soon after, I heard she was in the Round-house. I went to her there, and she Confest she took the Things from me, and fell on her Knees before the Constable and asked pardon.
Prisoner. He has kept Company with me above a twelve-Month, and he knows very well that I am with Child by him.

Edwards. I never saw her, to my Knowledge, before that time.


                  William 
                  Davis 
               



            . On Saturday, the 5th of January, between 6 and 7 in the Morning, the Prisoner came to a Shop where I live, call'd for a Dram, and ask'd me to change her a Guinea. I said I could not, and then she gave me a Shilling to change. She shew'd me a Gold-seal, a Snuff-box, a Silver-watch, two Knee-buckles, two Shoe Buckles, and a pair of Stone-buttons.


                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            . The Prisoner took a Cellar next the Street, of my Father.
Court. Did she live in a Cellar then?
Edwards. Yes, her Lodgings were below Stairs.


                  Josiah 
                  Allen 
               



            . I was sent for by Mr. Hadly at Mr. Nevil's the Red-Lion, in St. Giles's to take the Prisoner. I found upon her 8 Guineas, 3s. 6d. a Mother of 
               
                  Pearl 
                  Snuff 
               



            -box, and 1 Shoe-buckle.
Edwards. I was told she gave the Seal to the Man at the Brandy-shop.
Davis. Yes, she gave it to me, and I deliver'd it to the Owner.
Allen. She told me she had the Money and Goods from a Man for lying with him 3 or 4 Nights at the Bell in Smithfield. I enquir'd there, but could hear nothing of her.
Court. Did she say, he gave them her, or that she took them?
Allen. He charged her with other things, and she said there was all she had; but did not say that he gave it her. Court. Did she kneel to you and ask pardon? Allen. No; but I saw her offer the Man who charg'd me with her, two Guineas to let her go.


                  Francis 
                  Waker 
               



            . About one a Clock a Saturday Morning, the Prisoner came into a Publick-house where I was, for a Pint of Beer, and ask'd if they could change a Guinea; she was answer'd, No. She lighted a Candle, and went out, some Body there said, she had a Watch, and a Snuff-box; upon which I follow'd her 4 or 5 Doors, and she went into another. I stood at the Door to listen, and heard a Woman's Voice, saying, Well, Grace, What have you got to Night? She answer'd, That as will fetch my Clothes out of pawn, and now I'll follow this Trade no more, but get into a Place and live honest. I suppose some Body there had got a Buckle from her, for I heard her say, Now I can bang you for taking that Buckle. She was ask'd how she could be so barbarous to serve the Man so? And she reply'd, I did it out of Spight, for when I had pick'd him up, and carry'd him to my Lodging, he could do nothing.
Prisoner. The first House where the Prosecutor lay with me, was the Coach and Horses in Bond-street. I am an Oyster-woman by Trade, and that Night as he lost his Things, I was sitting by Temple-Bar with my Goods, and he came out of the Devil-Tavern, and call'd, Here, you Oyster-woman! and I turning about, O, says he, is it you my Dear? How do you do ? Will you go and take a Night's Lodging with me? I said, No, and with that he threw my Oysters about the Street. You Villain you, says I, han't you done enough in getting me with Child, but you must throw my Goods away? Then he said, truly, that he'd make me any Satisfaction, and so he gave me a Crown for my Oysters, and follow'd me to my Cellar, where he would go to Bed, and there was another Woman with me, and I went out and left them together - When I was at the Red-Lion against Drury-Lane, Will. Adams, the Thief -catcher, told me, if I'd give him two Guineas he discharge me, and because I would not, he sent for Allen the Constable - When the last Witness follow'd me from the Coach and Horses Alehouse, where I went to change a Guinea, he went to put his Hands up my Coats, and ask'd me to go along with him; and when I was at the Brandy-shop, Davis bid me go backwards and warm myself, and he brought me half a Pint of Liquor, and begg'd the Seal of me, and said it was Brass; but when he found I would not part with it for nothing, he gave me a Shilling for it - If I would have spent the Money among these People, I should soon have been let loose again.
The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the Value of 10d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


