







12, 13. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Foy 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Carrol 
                  



                
            , of Covent-Garden



, were indicted for 


               privately stealing (with 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Smith 
                     



                  , not yet taken) 14 pair of worsted Stockings, Value 47 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Setree 
                        



                      
                  , in his Shop
            , Jan 3

.
The Prisoners came together into Mr. Setree's Shop in Russel-street



, and Carrol asked for some fine Holland, and he open'd several Counters, but none pleas'd her Foy was then standing by the Window, where several Papers of Stockings lay; she had a Ridinghood on, and her Coats were tuck'd up. Smith came in, and passed by the Prisoners without taking any Notice of them, and ask'd for some Scotch-Cloth to line the Body of a Gown for her Mistress: She went to the farther End of the Shop, and said she was in great haste, and then Carrol was in haste too: He endeavour'd to please them both, but they both were very difficult. While he was engaged with them, a Neighbour's Son came in to change a Guinea; he went in for Silver, and as he came out again, he saw Foy was bustling about the Counter, but did not then suspect any thing. Carrol bought half a Yard of Irish-Linen, for which she paid 19 d 1/2, but she borrow'd the Money of Foy ; and while Foy put her Hand in her Pocket for the Money, he observed that she had 2 large Linen Bags, or Pockets, within side her Riding-hood. Then Smith would have some of the same Linen as Carrol had, for which she paid 21 l. The Prisoners went first, and Smith follow'd. Soon after they were gone he missed the Stockings, and went to enquire after his Customers ; for he had seen them before, and heard they lived in the Neighbourhood. He was told that Smith was a Servant to a Gentlewoman that lodged at the Green Canister in Princes-street. He went thither, but could not meet with her; but there he got Intelligence that Carrol was a Servant to Mrs. Mason, at Mr. Hosse's, a Barber, in Russel-street. By good Luck he found them all three standing at Mr. Hesse's Door. Pray, Mistress, says he to Foy, was not you at my Shop just now? I, at your Shop. Fellow, says she, what do you mean? I never was at your Shop in my Life, nor don't know where it stands. However, he secured them, and brought Foy back to his Shop in order to search her.
In pulling off her Ridinghood, two odd Stockings were some how thrown behind the Counter. Smith pretended that she did not know Foy; but Foy and Carrol were drinking hot Pots together that Afternoon, Up-stairs, at the Golden-Lyon in Russel-street, and ordered themselves to be denied to every Body but Smith, who came in a little time, and was sent up to them. Smith left them a little while, and went to - Bowen, a Pawnbroker's, and pawn'd for Half-a-Crown the two Pieces of Cloth they had bought of the Prosecutor just before. Mr. Hosse (to whose Lodger Carrol was a Servant) going Up-stairs, found 2 odd Stockings hung between the Banisters, which proved to be the fellows to the 2 that were found behind the Prosecutor's Counter when Foy was searched. In the Cellar Mr. Hosse found a Handkerchief under the Water-Tub, with several Pair of Stockings in it, which were part of those the Prosecutor lost. Smith was made an Evidence [out did not appear against the Prisoners on their Trail] Foy broke out of the Round house, but Mr. White, the Constable, met her afterwards in Leadenhall-street, and secured her. She offer'd him 5 or 10 Guineas to let her go, and would have given as much to have made it up with the Prosecutor; but after she was sent to Newgate, she said, if they had taken the Money, she would have prosecuted them for compounding a Felony. At Mr. White's House (the King's-Arms Tavern in Russel-Street) Carrol fell on her Knees to the Prosecutor, and said, that her Life was in his Hand, that his Goods had been lost, and she would make him Satisfaction. And when she was in the Coach with Mr. White, who had her in Charge, she said to him, dear Honey White, my Life is in your Power, you may hang me, or save me.
The Defence of the Prisoners.
Foy said, That she spoke to Smith, when Smith came by her in the Prosecutor's Shop, and that after she heard Smith had sworn against her, she was coming to surrender herself, in order to take her Tryal, when Mr. White seiz'd her in Leadenhall-Street.
Carrol said, That the Prosecutor knew her before, she having been at his Shop to buy facing and robing for a Gown, and that she told him where she liv'd in the Neighbourhood, and that therefore it was very unlikely she should go to his Shop with a Design to steal.
The Jury 

               acquitted
             Carrol, and found Foy 


               Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            

13. Margaret Foy was a second time indicted for 


               privately stealing 3 Pair of Silk Stockings, value 36 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Munyard 
                        



                      
                  , in his Shop
            , the 20th of Dec

. last; but the Jury 

               acquitted
             her.




[Transportation. See summary.]


