





76. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ashby , alias 
Ashly




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Brocaded Silk Gown value eight Pound, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Nathaniel 
                           Smith 
                        




                      
                  , in the House of 
                     
                        John 
                        King 
                     



, October the 10th
.


                  Ann 
                  Cosins 
               



            . The Gown was sent me to alter, I have Lodgings in John King's House, I went out on Friday and when I returned I heard the Gown was lost. I enquired who had been there and was told only a Woman, who went up stairs to one that lodged above - I went to several Pawnbrokers, and among the rest to Mr. Heatons and shewed a pattern of it to his Servant, who said he could not or would not ( I forget which) tell me any thing about it. I advertised it with two Guineas Reward, and then Heaton came and gave me notice, that he had got the Gown, which he said was pawn'd for forty Shillings, but he expected two Guineas Reward. Next Day the Prisoner came to justify herself to me. I sent for Heaton and asked him if she was the Woman that pawn'd it. He said No, and then she fell upon me and abused me, and he seemed to be concerned for her. I afterwards got an Attorney to write him a Letter, that if he would not produce the Person that brought him the Gown, he should be Prosecuted, and then he said it was the Prisoner. When she was taken she offered to pay me a Crown a Week till the two Guineas were paid, if I would make it up.


                  Amos 
                  Heaton 
               



             or Hayton. She brought the Gown on the 10th of October, and pledged it for Thirty Shillings and redeemed her own Gown with part of the Money. When I came home I saw the Brocaded Gown on my Counter, She came again next Day, and I sent her Ten Shillings more upon it. Mrs. Cosins sent for me in the Evening, and I had taken so little notice of the Woman in the Morning, that I could not be positive to her But afterwards when she was brought to our House, she own'd herself to be the Person that took the Gown, and then I sent for Mrs. Cosins, 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


