






2, 3. 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Taylor 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Taylor 
               



             , of St. James's Garlick-Hith



, were indicted for 


               stealing 1 Cask of Pearl-Ashes, value 30 s. and other Things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Plaisted 
                  




                
            , the 31st of January
 last.
Thomas Plaisted. The Prisoner Henry Taylor was my Servant
, I had employ'd him as a Labourer in my Shop for about 15 Months. When I receiv'd Intelligence that several of my Goods were found in the Possession of his Brother Christopher, the other Prisoner; I examined them, and they confess'd that they had robb'd me.
Court. In what Manner?
Plaisted. It was done at several Times. Christopher us'd to watch about my Door in a Morning, till I was call'd up Stairs to Breakfast, and then go into my Shop to his Brother, who gave him the Goods, which he carry'd to a Warehouse that his Brother had hir'd for that Purpose.
Court. Did they confess Particulars?
Plaisted. Yes; a Cask of Pearl-Ashes, 5 Bottles of Oyl, 1 Bottle of Spirit of Turpentine, 1 Bottle of Spirit of Wine, 8 Gallons of Olive-Oyl, 6 lb. of Gun-powder, 84 lb. of Shot, 56 lb. of Allum, 48 black Links, 40 Sacks, 14 Pieces of Sackcloth, containing about 290 Yards, 10 Gross of Corks, 1 lb. of Whip-Cord, 12 lb. of Rand-Thread, 1 Bag of Rape-Seed about half a Bushel, 12 lb. of Powder Blue, 12 lb. of Indico Blue, 20 lb. of Starch, half a Bushel of Mustard-Seed, 56 lb. of Glue, 12 lb. of Salt-Petre, 14 lb. of Hemp-Cord, a Pot of Ground Mustard-Seed, and some other Things; I have got most of my Goods again.
The Prisoners made no Defence, they said they had nothing to say, but to ask Pardon of the Prosecutor. The Jury found them both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


