






3, 4. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Moss 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Humphrey 
                  Beach 
               



             , of Queenhith



 , were indicted for 


               stealing 2 Dozen of Muslin Handkerchiefs, value 30 s. 5 Dozen of Cotton Handkerchiefs, value 54 s. 50 Yards of Holland, value 6 l. 8 Damask Table Cloths, val. 6 l. 5 Diaper Table Cloths, value 25 s. 9 Caps, value 5 s. 12 Yards of Tabling Diaper, value 30 s. and several Pair of Stockings
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     White 
                  




                
            , the 9th of November
 last.
Daniel White. I sent five Parcels of Goods to the Windsor Row-Barge, and directed them for my self to be left at the Warehouse at Windsor till call'd for. When I went to ask for these Parcels at Windsor, I found but three of them, the other two being lost. Most of the Goods in those two Parcels were stopt by Justice Lade , who advertis'd them. I went to his Worship, and found all my Goods except a Box of Headcloths, 2 Dozen of Handkerchiefs, two Diaper Table Cloths, and some Stockings.


                  Robert 
                  Taylor 
               



             . I took the five Parcels of the Prosecutor about Four in the Afternoon , in the beginning of November , and saw them safe stow'd in the Windsor Row-Barge


, and two of the five Parcels were afterwards lost out of the Barge.
James Crawford, Waterman. On the 10th of November, as I was standing at Cupid's Bridge , where I ply, the Prisoner Beach past me, and went into the King's Head Alehouse. A Peter Boat had been robb'd a little before, and Beach was suspected to have been concern'd in it, he having dispos'd of some Fish and other Things which were thought to have been taken out of that Boat, and so I and some other Watermen agreed to take him. We went and found him and Moss (the other Prisoner) sitting by the Fire, and two Parcels of Goods lying by them. We seized Beach , but Moss got by us and hid himself in the Cellar, where we afterwards found him. They gave no account how they came by the Goods, and so were carried before Justice Lade . The Goods were open'd there, and I saw Stockings, Diaper, and other Shop Goods.
Several other Witnesses confirm'd the above 
               
                  James 
                  Crawford 
               



            's Evidence.
Prisoner, Moss. As I was standing by the Pump at Margaret's-Hill, a Man and a Woman came by with two Bundles . She asked me to lend her a Hand, and she would satisfy me for my Pains. I took one of the Bundles , and went with her to this Alehouse at Cupid's Bridge , where we sat down to drink, and when the Watermen came in, she and that Man ran away, which made me fear I was got into a scrape, and so I hid myself. The Jury 

               acquitted
             Beach, and found Moss 

               guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


