





60. 
               
                  
                     Matthias
                      Johnson, otherwise 
Roach




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard, value 8 l. two Spoons, value 20 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Chettle 
                        



                      
                  . and a Tea-spoon, and three pieces of Lace, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Lydia 
                           Dowell 
                        



                      
                  , in the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        Rebecca 
                        Sedgewich 
                     



, March 11
:


                  William 
                  Chettle 
               



            . The Goods were lost the 31st of March. I advertised them from Goldsmith's-Hall, and the Prisoner was stopt at the Pawn-broker's with the two Spoons: I was sent for, and I ask'd him about the Tankard; he said he had not seen that, but if I would not prosecute the Man that had it, he would help me to it I took him before Justice Hilder, and searched his Lodging. and in his Drawers we found the Tankard and the Lace.


                  Lydia 
                  Dowell 
               



            . I am Servant
 to Mrs. Sedgewich: The Things were left in the Kitchen at 5 a-Clock. I locked the Kitchen Door, and laid the Key in the Place where the other Servants might find it: About 7 a-Clock, I miss'd the Key from the Place, and nobody in the House knew what was become of it: My Felow Servant and I went to see if the Lock would push back, and we found the Door open, and the Goods gone, and the Key of the Door in the Kitchen.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hamilton 
               



            . I saw a Man on the 31st of March, go up the Stairs, and to the best of my Remembrance, the Prisoner was the Man: He was in the same Cloaths that he has on now: I did not ask him any Questions because as there were Lodgers in the House, I thought he might be going to some of them.


                  Samuel 
                  Urton 
               



            . March 31. The Prisoner brought these two Spoons to pawn; I seeing a Crest upon them, stopt them: He told me they were his own, but afterwards he said they belonged to a Counsellor in the Temple. I went with him to his Lodgings in (Bennet's Court, Drury-Lane) and the Woman of the House telling me he was a Gentleman and a Man of Credit, I lent a Guinea upon them. The next Morning we had a Bill from Gold-smith's-Hall, and I went immediately and took the Prisoner in his Lodgings; he offered me the Money again and a Crown for my Trouble, if I would not prosecute him. Several Persons appeared to his Character, but the Fact being clear, the Jury found him 


               guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


