





5. 
               
                  
                     Grace 
                     Williams , otherwise 
Dun




               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Strahan 
                        




                      
                  , a Silver Watch, value 6l. a Leather Watch String, value 12d. and 2 Seals, value 5s.
             on the 19th of January
, in the Parish of St. Botolph Aldgate


.
John Strahan. On the 19th of January, between 10 and 11 at Night, I was coming along the Minories


 and tumbled down: the Prisoner took hold of me, and asked me for a Dram: Well Woman, says I, because you are so civil, I will give you a Dram; I have an Acquaintance hard by, says she, and we'll have it there. I was a Stranger in that Place, therefore I went with her; they called for a Dram.
Q. They - was there more than one?
Strahan. Yes, my Lord, there was three of them in all; and I gave them all three a Dram, and then I sat down by the Bed-side, and fell asleep. 'Tis not a Dram-shop, my Lord, nor was I on the Bed, but by the Bed-side: I was asleep in two or three Minutes after I came in, and the Prisoner took that Opportunity to pick the Watch out of my Pocket.
Q. How did you know she took your Watch, if you was asleep?
Strahan. I wak'd and saw it in her Hand, and said, Woman, don't take my Watch from me; but the Landlord came and took me by the Collar, and shook me up and down the House. I am a Scotchman, my Lord, and unacquainted with such ways; I told the Landlord, the Woman had my Watch; you Villain says he, pay your Reckoning and get out of my House; so I threw down three Half-pence, but he told me, the Drams came to 6 d. I paid him 6 d. and he took the three Half-pence too, and push'd me out of doors. I made a Noise, and one of the Neighbours fetched this Gentleman, a Constable, from the Watch, but they had put out all the Candles and lock'd the Door, so we could do nothing that Night. The next Morning I got a Warrant for the Man and his Wife, but he was fled; I carried the Wife before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brocas 
               



            , and he came down to see after his Wife; and calling me aside, told me I might find the Watch in the Prisoners Bosom; this Gentleman found the Woman, and took the Watch out of her Bosom.


                  Zaccheus 
                  Bourn 
               



            , Constable. About 12 the same Night, the Prosecutor told me he was robb'd in an Alley in the Minories; I went down to the House, but could not get in. The next Day, at Sir Richard Brocas's, I saw the Man that keeps this House; he call'd me aside, and told me Grace Williams had the Watch, and I might find her at some of the Brandy-shops in the Minories or Petticoat-Lane: I found her at a House where they sell Sheeps-heads and Drams, in Moses and Aaron Alley, in Petticoat-Lane: She damn'd me and would not be search'd; but I search'd her and took the Prosecutor's Watch out of her Bosom. She told me the Man of the House had got the 2 Seals. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


