





37. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Adley  otherwise 
Ridley




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a large brass Knob, val. 1 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Howey 
                        




                      
                  , in the Parish of St. Mary Aldermanbury, and 10 other brass Knobs, val. 10 s.
             the Goods of Persons unknown. September 21
.


                  Daniel 
                  Oscullin 
               



            . On the 21st of September, between five and six in the Morning, I heard a Noise at my Master Heweys Door in Aldermanbury


, so I jump'd out of Bed, and opened the Door in my Shirt; the old Gentleman at the Bar was at the Door, but seeing me open it, he was going off with all Expedition; I resolved to go after him, and intended to have laid hold of the Knob on the Outside of the Door to pull it too. - but the Knob was gone. As he made off I heard something rattle in his Pocket, so I followed him, and asked him what he wanted at my Master's Door? He said he wanted nothing; but I laid hold of him by the two Shoulders and gave him a Shake or two, and though he is an old Man, yet I can assure you he made a stout Resistance before he submitted. Then he begged I would let him go, but I told him he was a Villain, and that if he would not come back with me I would use him ill; I was obliged to be expeditious with him, because I had left the Street Door o'jar to follow him, and I was uneasy and afraid some of his Gang might get into the House while I was disputing with him; therefore I gave him another good Shake, and while I shook him, I saw the Brass Knob which he had wrenched from my Master's Door, drop from him on the Ground; I saw it fall, but I did not care to stoop for it, for I found him a stout Fellow, and was afraid, he might either get away, or knock me down while I was taking it up; so I brought him back to my Master's Door, and he run himself up, over the Window of our Small Beer Cellar, which is covered with an Iron Grate. While he stood over this Window he dropped this Instrument, - here's a little Hook, - with which he hung it to his Girdle under his Great Coat. I saw it fall from him, and was exasperated. I told him that he was mistaken - that Instrument could not fall through the Bars; and I swore I would use him ill if he resisted me, or refused to come into the House; so I got him in, and called out to one of my Fellow-Servants. Upon examining his Pockets we found - all these Brass Knobs upon him, this in particular is my Master Hewey's, and I saw him drop it; I did not stay to take it up myself, but a Carpenter coming by and seeing me engaged with the Old Gentleman, he bid me hold the Old Thief fast, and he would bring me the Knob, which he accordingly did, and told me if I wanted help, he would assist me. When we had secured the Old Man, we sent for a Constable, and as soon as we could, we carried him before Alderman Brocas, who asked him how he came by that Collection of Knobs? (there was a Brass Knocker or two among them) The Prisoner told him he found them as he went down to Thames-street, he found them in a Parcel of Straw. This very Knob I swear to, - 'tis my Master's, I saw it drop from him, and I'll pick it out from five hundred.
Prisoner. As for that Instrument I know nothing of it, it was standing at the Door before I came there. I have been Lame these Thirty Years, and have a Fistula in Ano upon me - That Man swears to the Knob, - why the Knobs, my Lord, are all alike, and how can he swear to one in particular so positively? I found them all under a Bench. And now, - as to the Instrument, - he says 'twas hook'd to my Girdle, - why, he held both my Hands, - then how could I dropt it?
Jury. Did you see the Instrument drop from him, or did you see it only on the Ground?
Oscullin. When I had got him over the Cellar Window, I easied his Right Hand, and perceiv'd him immediately busy with it. - I actually saw it drop upon the Grate, and told him, that it would not fall thro' the Bars, and that I would stoop and take it up for him. 


               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


