






11, 12. 
               
                  
                     Martha
                      Hadley, otherwise 
Wilkins




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Eliz.
                      Douglas, otherwise 
Redhead




               
            , of St. Mary-Le-Strand



, were indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard without a Lid, value 5l. the Goods of 
                     
                        Alex.
                         Miller
                     




                  , out of his Dwelling House
            , April 26
.


                  Alexander 
                  Miller 
               



            . I can only swear that this is my Tankard; Hadley had been my Servant
 about five Years ago.


                  Joseph 
                  Birchmore 
               



            . I am a Pawn-Broker, on Easter Monday Evening, the two Prisoners brought me the Tankard to pawn. I asked whose it was, and one of them (Hadley) said, 'tis mine, and my Name is 
               
                  Martha 
                  Warren 
               



            , I live in Turnball-Street. Why, says I, 'tis marked AMM. these Letters can't stand for your Name, I must be satisfied 'tis your's. I set the Tankard by, and took two Guineas, (the Money they wanted upon it) in my Pocket, and went with them where they said they liv'd; they carried me up one pair of Stairs; now, says she, you're satisfied, I hope, for this is my Habitation. I lent her two Guineas, and came down Stairs; but before I went out of the Neighbourhood, I enquired if Martha Warren liv'd in that House, they told me, Yes, and ad lived there several Years. On the very next Day I stop'd a Spoon, and advertised it on Thursday Night; on Friday Morning I sent for one of the Papers to look at my own Advertisement, and the first thing I saw, was an Advertisement describing this Tankard. I sent for the Owner, and went into Turnimill street, to enquire for this Mrs. Warren, Somebody in the House told me she was a Bed; but seeing Hadley, I told her, she was the Woman I wanted: She went up to put on her Stays, and found Means to get to a Brandy shop next Door, whence we took her to Justice Robe's, and she told us where we might find the other Woman. 


               Both Guilty 39s.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


