





26. 
               
                  
                     Jemima 
                     Salter 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Plain Gold Ring, a Gold Ring with a Chrystal Stone, a Gold Ring with a Red Stone, and a Gold Ring with a Chrystal, and two Diamonds, from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Cole 
                        




, March 31
.


                  Charles 
                  Cole 
               



            . I came from St. Albans about a Bankruptcy. About ten at Night I met the Prisoner in Fleet Street, she asked me to give her a Glass of Wine, which I agreed to, not thinking I should be serv'd as I afterwards was. We went to the Angel and Crown the Corner of Sheer Lane


 * but had not been long together before I catch'd her Hand first in one Pocket and then in another. My Rings were in my Pocket. I mist them, and I would have taken her up then, but 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            , the Man of the House, hinder'd me. I met with her afterwards, and she owned she had the Rings, and said, I should have them again for a Guinea and a half.
* Where, in December last N. P. Pallamounter lost above 30 l. for stealing which, John Smith, who belongs to the House, was tryed in January last, but acquitted.


                  Aaron 
                  Ashton 
               



            . I was with my Brother and the Prisoner at this House, and I brought him out from her, but it seems he pick'd her up again the same Night. I went with him afterwards to see for her. Smith, the Man of the House, promised to bring her to us by seven in the Evening. But a Drawer advised us not to stay, for he said, Smith would make a Property of us. So we went away, but coming again afterwards, we found her at the Bar talking with the Woman of the House, who tipt the wink upon me. The Prisoner at first denied, but at last; fell on her Knees, and owned she had them The Prosecutor offer'd her half a Guinea for them, but she refused, and said, he had given them to her.
Prisoner. - These two Men drank two Bottles of Wine with me: They wanted me to oblige them, and I asked them to make me a Present first, but they refused, and so I went away, and never saw the Rings.


                  William 
                  Fern 
               



            . I heard her acknowledge that she had three Rings.
Prisoner. A strange Gentleman followed us into the Tavern, and so there was a Scuffle betwixt them, and Smith, the Master of the Tavern; by the same token that I stood then at the Bar, and stroked that little Gentleman's Hump for luck.
The Jury found her 


               guilty to the value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


