








6, 7. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dun 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Isaiah 
                     Beshaw  otherwise 
Dye




               
            , of Stepney




, were indicted for 


               stealing two Iron Crows, value 7s. 54 House-lines. value 27 s. 45 Strands for Hand-lines, and 13 Pounds and a half of Hemp
            . The Goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Baker,  Senr



               
            . and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Baker,  Junr



               
            . December 23 d

.
Richard Baker, Senr. We have a Ware-house which belongs to me and my Son; we make Lines and Twine in that Place, and these Iron Crows, we stick into the Ground to fasten our Lines to. All I have to say is, on the 23d. of last Month at Night, or the 24th. in the Morning, I know not which, we were robb'd. The Iron Crows I can swear to, the Lines I cannot, tho' I believe I might swear to them. I could have been very willing the Grand Jury should have found the Bill against the Persons where we took the Goods. We miss'd our Goods the next Morning, but could not find them, 'till some Days afterwards.


                  Charles 
                  Charnock 
               



            . I was concerned in this Robbery, Dun, Beshaw and I, went from a Brandy-shop in Winford street that Night: Says Dun, let us go round Ratcliff-high-way; the back Yards there are good Places to get wet Linnen from: We went round Ratcliff-high-way



, cross'd Sun-tavern-fields



, and came to Mr. Baker's Shed.
Q. What sort of a Place is this Shed?
Richard Baker Junr, 'Tis built as strong as the Carpenter could build it: We have abundance of Goods there, and we use it as a Ware-house, as well as a Work-house.
Charnock. We propos'd getting into Mr. Baker's Shed to look for the Iron Bolts; when we came to the Door, Beshaw took a Key out of his Pocket, and open'd the Door; this was about one o'Clock in the Morning; he went in and saw the 2 Iron Crows; then I went in, and Beshaw stood at the Shed Door: I brought the 2 Crows out to Beshaw at the Door, and Beshaw gave them to Dun, and he stood up with them in Shakesby's Walks, while Beshaw and I went back again, to see if there were any more Bolts; we found two Balls of Line in the Shed, one of Hand-Line, and the other of House-Line, and thirteen Pound and a half of Hemp, which we ty'd up together; Beshaw carried one Bottom, and I carried the other and the Hemp; we brought the Things to my Mother's in Hare street, but this Dun and Beshaw went away with the Bolts, (Iron Crows). I knocked my Mother up, and staid half an Hour with her; then I went in the back Yard, dug a Hole, and buried one Bottom of Line in the Yard; the other Bottom, in single Lines as I could spare Time.
Beshaw. Did not you call me from the Brandy-shop?
Charnock, We went out together, as we have done many a Time, to get what we could meet with.
Mr. Baker, jun. The Crow I swear to; the unfinished Lines, I cannot swear to; but we have two Men here who made them, and who will swear they are my Property. The Prisoners and Charnock were suspected, and we took them before Justice Philips. Charnock begg'd to be made an Evidence (he had worked with me some years ago) the two Prisoners owned the Fact before the Justice.


                  William 
                  Knowlon 
               



            . When we came to work on Christmas-Eve in the Morning, we found our Work gone, and the Shed robb'd: We made Holiday, and I and my two Mates went up and down to make some Discovery; we found some of the Hemp at the Bottom of Shakesby's Walks, which we put into the Ware-house again, and got a Search Warrant, to search where we suspected, but we found nothing; but going to drink a Dram with a Friend we met, we told him our Master had been robb'd; he told us he had seen such Things as we had lost at Bigg's; we went there, and found them upon a Cask-Head; there were several Skains of House-Lines in Bigg's Shop in Whitechapel: Whereof after we had found them, we desired Biggs to stop the Man that brought them if he should come again, but he said he would not; but going up Brick-Lane we met Charnock. Whom we believed to be concerned, and we agreed to have a Penn'orth of Gin together, whereof we turned up to Bigg's again, and there we desired Biggs to stop the Man that brought those Lines; he said he had no Business with it, the Man that brought them should have them. I left one of my Mates there, while I stept down to Justice Philips; and while I was there, word was brought down that the Man that brought the Lines was in Bigg's Shop; he (Charnock) was brought down, and there he told us, the Bolts we should find at Webb's, a Smith's, against Spittle-fields Church, and that some of the Lines were at his Mother's; we went, but the Hole in the Yard was dug up, and the Lines were gone; whereof we searching farther found a Ball of Line buried at their Vault-door, and the Line was my Master's; we found Part of the Hemp in the Cellar, and the best had been spun up.


                  Daniel 
                  Osgood 
               



            . Gave much the same Account as above, and that it was by Charnock's Information that Dun and Beshaw were taken.


                  Alexander 
                  Bolton 
               



            , Clerk to Justice Philips. Dun confess'd himself concerned in the Robbery; but said he did not go into the Shed; and Beshaw own'd he was in Company with the other two, and went with them to the Shed, but when Charnock opened the Door, he said he retired.
The Prisoners having little to say in their Defence, the Jury found them 


               guilty to the Value of 4s. 10d
            .


                  Isaiah 
                  Beshaw 
               



             was a second Time indicted, with 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Robinson 
                  



                
             of Christ-Church in Middlesex


, for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Pierre 
                           le Blanc 
                        



                     
                   in an open Place (called Buttermilk-Alley



) and stealing from him a Hat, value 4s.
            

The Prosecutor being a Frenchman, Eliz. Jonneau was sworn his Interpreter.
Pierre le Blanc. Last Sunday was five Weeks, as I was coming from a Friend's House, thro' Butter-milk-Alley, I had my Hat taken away between 8 and 9 o'clock at Night; I was surpriz'd, and turned about; I saw two Men running from me, the same way they came upon me.



                  Charles 
                  Charnock 
               



            . Robinson and I, Beshaw and Tame, went out of the Brandy-shop (I believe 'tis 5 or 6 Weeks ago last Sunday Night) we went down to Hounsditch, and got a Hat from a Gentleman in Liquor; Beshaw went about Bishopsgate street, to Pick Pockets, but could get nothing; D - m me, says Beshaw, let's go into Spittle fields, where I have had many an old Frenchman's Hat: We agreed, and going down Buttermilk-Alley, Beshaw took the old Man's Hat, and cry'd D-m me, I have got his Hat; then Will Tame went thro' an Alley into Phoenix street, and went away.


                  William 
                  Tame 
               



            , confirm'd the former Account, and added, that the Hat was pawn'd for 2s. - and tho' Charnock and himself had not an equal Share, they both had some of the Money, and he met them again that Night in Whitechapel.


                  William 
                  Jennings 
               



            . I carried Robinson to the Evidence in New-Prison; they knew one another, and he owned before Justice Philips, his taking the Hat in Hounsditch and Buttermilk-Alley both in one Night.


                  Thomas 
                  Turford 
               



            , gave an Account of Robinson's owning the Fact to him as they were carrying him before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brocas 
               



            .
Justice Philips. Robinson owned this Fact before me.
The Jury found them 


               guilty of Felony only
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


