







45. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dunnick 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 1756 Ounces of foreign Silver, called Pieces of Eight, value 470 l.
             the Goods of the 
               
                  Governor
                   and Company of Merchants trading to the South-Sea
               



            , March the 18th

 And
46,47. Thomas and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               receiving eleven Pieces of the same, knowing them to be stole
            . Dunnick 


               pleaded guilty
            .
Mr. Uthar. I spent two or three Weeks enquiring after the Prisoner Dunnick, and in the Course of my Enquiry, I found that Smith and his Wife had pawned some of the Pieces so they were committed on Suspicion. The Woman is Dunnick's own Sister; he liv'd with them at that Time, and she conceal'd him. Some of the Silver they had pawn'd to Mrs. Gordon, and some to Mr. Wild, who are both in Court. These are the Piece.s
Mr. Wild. I live in White-Cross Street: Elizabeth Smith brought two of the Pieces to me, and borrow'd six Shillings upon them the 29th of March. Afterwards on the 31st, she and 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Dunnick 
               



             brought five more, and had 16 s. upon them.
Mr. Gordon. About ten Weeks ago I lent 13 Shillings and odd Money to 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , upon Four Pieces, but he had them again the next Day.
Mr. Wild. These are the very Pieces brought the 29th and 31st of March by the Woman Prisoner; here are the Tickets I pinn'd upon them when I lent the Money.
Mr. Utbar. Smith and his Wife both deny'd that they ever had any Pieces of Eight; and his Wife knew that I was in Pursuit of Dunnick, yet she told me that she harbour'd him and concealed him. Her Husband sent me a Message, that he desired me to give him a Meeting on the 31st of March, and I reproached him with concealing his Brother; this was the very Day upon which he pawn'd some of the Pieces to Mrs. Gordon Mrs. Smith owned she had the Pieces from her Sister Dunnick.
Thomas Smith I never had any of the Pieces from Dunnick. I deal in Needles
, and I took these Pieces in Truck of a Sailor at Wapping for my Goods.
Mrs. Gordon. When he pledg'd them with me, he said he had them of a Sailor at Wapping, and truck'd Needles for them.
Mr. Utbar. She deny'd her having pawn'd any at all; and afterwards she said, she had them of Dunnick.
Mr. Wild. She did deny she, ever pawn'd any. Her Sister was with her when she pawn'd them, and she said her Husband desired her to pawn them.
Several Witnesses appear'd who never knew any Hurt of Smith and his Wife Both 

               acquitted
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


