





42. 
               
                  
                     Simon 
                     Upton 
                  



               
             . of Acton , was indicted for 


               stealing four Weather Sheep, Value 24 s. and five Ew Sheep, Value 30 s. 
            the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Life 
                  




                
            , Dec. 3
.
Roger Life. Last Saturday Night I lost nine Sheep, out of a Field in the Parish of Acton


 , five Ews and four Wethers: They were all mark'd with R. L. the Letters standing cross each other, and a Dot on the near Shoulder. They were found on Monday, in the Possession of one Simmonds , a Butcher, in Smithfield: Five of them were kill'd, and four I saw alive, with my Pitchmark on them: I know they are mine. Simmonds told us he bought them of the Prisoner, and when we took him up, he offer'd to make us any manner of Satisfaction. I ask'd him if he had nobody with him, to help him to get the Sheep out of the Ground? He told us, no; he had no body but himself.
Prisoner. Ask Mr. Life if he and his Son did not at first say the Sheep were lost on Sunday Night?
Life. My Son will give an Account that he saw them, and told them on Sunday.
Prisoner. You have said they were lost on Saturday Night.
Life. No - we follow'd them on Monday Morning to Smithfield, and there we found them. The Prisoner lives about half a Mile from the Ground where these Sheep were kept: He looks after Sheep there.


                  John 
                  Stevenson 
               



            . I live with Mr. Life. On Sunday Morning I told 53 Sheep in the Field: On Monday Morning Nine were missing: I follow'd the Marks of their Feet Half a Mile into the the Road, and concluding they were gone to Smithfiels, I went thither, and found Mr. Simmonds killing one of them: I knew it, and asked him, if he had any of them alive? He said yes, and shew'd me four mark'd R.L. the Letters across, and a Dot on the near Shoulder: I found likewise five of the Skins there; all of them had the same Marks: I could discover by the Skins, that there were five Ews and four Wedthers. Simmonds told me he bought them all of the Prisoner; upon which I went to his House, and charg'd him with having sold our Sheep, and he offer'd to make any Satisfaction that my Father-in-Law desired. He did not say he took the Sheep, but when I ask'd him if he had any one with him when they were taken, he said no, there was no body but himself, and he said he had sold them to Simmonds.
Prisoner. He said he measur'd the Mark of the Man's Foot in the Field.
Stevenson . I did so: And as I brought the Prisoner along, I measur'd his Foot: The Prisoner's Foot was a little longer than the Mark in the Ground; but the Ground being slippery, his Foot might draw back.


                  Samuel 
                  Simmonds 
               



             . I bought five Ews and four Wethers of the Prisoner: They were all mark'd R. L. the Letters cross each other, and a Dot on the near Shoulder: He sold them to me as his own; and he has often come to Market with Sheep: He had eight more, with these which I bought; but they were mark'd with his own Mark.


                  Richard 
                  Rutt 
               



            , 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hughs 
               



            , 
               
                  Hubert 
                  Frampton 
               



             , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lawence 
               



             , spoke to the Prisoner's Character. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


