













39, 40, 41. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lowder 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Lowder 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Gerrard 
                  Pell 
               



             , were indicted for 


               stealing 20 Yards of strip'd Cotton, value 30 s. and 11 Yards of Cotton Check, value 12 s the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Goddard 
                        



                      
                  , in her Shop
            , Oct. 7



.
Mrs. Goddard I lost a Piece of stripp'd Cotton, and a Piece of Check, Oct. 7, the Value of them is about 4 s
- Cook. About two Months ago (I can't remember the Day) we robb'd the Prosecutor's Shop in Moor-Street, by St. Ann's





. The three Prisoners and I had attempted it several times; but at last we found an Opportunity to do it; for about Seven or Eight o'Clock at Night I lifted up the Sash and took out the Check. I was not content with that, so we all return'd and fetch'd twenty Yards of Cotton. We carry'd it to
                Ann Hill
            's House; she pawn'd it for 21 s. and we equally shar'd the Money in her Room. This David Brown, lost his Great Coat, we stole it: Pell was taken up about it, and I was catch'd in the very Coat my self.


                  David 
                  Brown 
               



            . Coachman. I was waiting in the Street for Capt. Powel, and fell asleep in the Bottom of my Coach; when I 'wak'd, my Coat was gone from off my Coach-Box. I was inform'd by a Lad that Pell and this Evidence had been lurking about the Coach, so I pursued them and took Pell, and about a Week afterwards Cook was taken, and he made himself an Evidence and discover'd this Robbery.


                  John 
                  Preston 
               



            . I took Pell for stealing Brown's Coat; he own'd that Cook took the Coat and pawn'd it for 4 s. 6 d. and that he had half the Money. Afterwards I apprehended Cook, and he was admitted an Evidence. All 


               Guilty 4 s 10 d.
            

Gerrard Pell and 
               
                  John 
                  Lowder 
               



            , were a second Time indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Cup, value 42 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dickins 
                        



                      
                  , in his Dwelling-House
            , Aug. 9



. And
42. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Field 
               



             , otherwise Taylor, otherwise Pritchard, for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stole
            , August 10



.


                  John 
                  Dickings 
               



            . I live in Brook-street, Grosvenor-Square





; on Monday the 9th of August about nine at Night, I was at Supper in a Ground Room, and all of a sudden I saw the Window Curtain and a Silver Cup which stood in the Window was gone; I run out, but could hear no Tidings of it, only we found a little old Hat, which the Evidence Cook said was his.
Cook. Pell and 
               
                  John 
                  Lowder 
               



             and I, committed this Robbery; I saw the Sash a little open, and some Body in the Room, but seeing the Cup in the Window I ran to the Prisoners, and told them there was something we must have; so I push'd the Sash up a little higher, and watch'd till the Maid was gone out of the Room; then I snatch'd up the Cup, and away I ran with it. We sold it to Ann Field who lives by Hicks's-Hall





, and she knew it to be stole. We asked her two Guineas for it, but she said she would give but one for it, because it would cost her something to melt it down, and she should have a good deal of Trouble to make away with it. I gave a Man that us'd to deal with her in this Way, Half a Crown to shew me where she liv'd. I had been at 
               
                  Bess 
                  Anderson 
               



            's who buys our Handkerchiefs, to know where I should sell this Cup, and this Man happening to be there, he carried me to the Prisoner Field's, she would not weigh it, because she would not give too much Money for it.
Dickins. I had a Direction from Cook, where this Woman liv'd; so I took two Friends, one of them is a Constable, and we went in and called for a Pint of Beer (she keeps a Publick House
) then we asked for the Mistress of the House; she came to us, and we enquir'd if her Name was not Field. Yes, said she. Then said I to the Constable, here's your Prisoner. Oh! but, said she, my Name is not Field, my Name is Pritchard, and she called several People and asked them if her Name was not Pritchard, and they all said yes. She told us then she knew where this Field liv'd, and would go and fetch her; so she turn'd herself round and away she ran, and we lost her, though one Man stood at one End of the Court, and another at the other, to prevent her escaping; this was on Friday, and she was not seen 'till 11 or 12 o'Clock on Sunday Night. A Person I had employ'd to watch, sent me Word he had heard a Noise in the House, so I got a Constable about one o'Clock, and found her packing up all her Goods in order to be gone.
Field. Field is none of my Name, and as for that Fellow, I never saw him in my Life. Cook the Evidence came to my House, and ask'd for 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jones 
               



            , and the Woman and he went into a Room together, and they had a Quartern of Brandy and a Pint of Beer together.
N. B. We are oblig'd for want of Room, to omit several remarkable Trials, which will be publish'd on Friday next; among others, are the remarkable Trials of 
                  
                     George 
                     Sutton 
                  



                and 
                  
                     Robert 
                     Campbell 
                  



               , alias Bob the Glazier, for the Highway; 
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Butler 
                  



               , for the Murder of her Bastard Child; 
                  
                     Mary 
                     Sommers 
                  



               , alias. Wallin, alias Polly Peachum, for Bigamy; 
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Pollard 
                  



               , for stealing his Majesty's Plate; 
                  
                     Peter 
                     Cross 
                  



               , for Horse-stealing; 
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Anthill 
                  



               , 
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Waters 
                  



               , 
                  
                     Philip 
                     Brown 
                  



               , and Maccarty the Link-Man, for the Murder of Catt. Innys in the Old-Baily; 
                  
                     Rachel 
                     Bowling 
                  



               , for privately stealing a Watch from the Person of 
                  
                     Charles 
                     Taylor 
                  



               ; and other curious Trials largely taken, and too many to mention here.
Note. Whoever shall presume to print these TRIALS, will be prosecuted to the utmost Severity of the Law.






THE PROCEEDINGS AT THE SESSIONS of the Peace, and Oyer and Terminer, FOR THE City of LONDON, AND County of MIDDLESEX, ON
Wednesday the 8th, Thursday the 9th, Friday the 10th, Saturday the 11th, and Monday the 13th of December, 1736, in the 11th Year of his MAJESTY's Reign.
Being the First SESSIONS in the Mayoralty of the Right Hon. Sir JOHN THOMPSON, Knt. Lord-Mayor of the City of LONDON, in the Year 1736.
NUMBER I. PART II.
LONDON:
Printed for J. ROBERTS, at the Oxford-Arms in Warwick-Lane M,DCC,XXXVII.
(Price Six-Pence.)

THE PROCEEDINGS AT THE Sessions of the Peace, and Oyer and Terminer, For the CITY of LONDON, &c.

WHERE are the People who are to prove you are a Woman of Reputation?
Dickins. When we got into the House, we found Men half drunk, and others half naked in some of the Rooms; and in others we saw several lying drunk together in a terrible Pickle.
The Brewer and a Butcher, and one of her Customers appeared to her Character. Pell and Lowder 


               guilty, 39 s
            . Field 

               guilty
            .


                  Gerrard 
                  Pell 
               



            , 
               
                  Charles 
                  Lowder 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Lowder 
               



            , were again indicted for 


               stealing a Cloth Coat, value 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Hoadley 
                  



                
            , M. D.



October 10



. 

               Guilty, Felony
            .







[Transportation. See summary.]


