





53. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Palmer 
                  



               
            , of St. Pancras, Soper-Lane


, was indicted for 


               stealing 1 lb. of Horse-Hair, value 20s. and 1 lb. and a half of Goats-Hair, value 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Walker 
                  




                
            , Oct.6
.
Joseph Walker. As I was sitting in Lloyd's Coffee-House, in King-Street, I saw the Prisoner running along. He was presently stopt, the People said, he had robb'd me, and so he was carried to my House in Queen-Street


. There he fell on his Knees to me, and said, he was a Barber
; that he was just come out of a Salivation, and that mere Necessity drove him to take the Goods.


                  Abraham 
                  Genecour 
               



            . I vas but a very leetel vile gon out of de Shop, and ven I vas come back to go into de Shop again, dare I see dis Man, de Precsonare, vas in de Shop-Antry, and he vant to come out; so I aska to him, vel Friend, vat vas it you vas please to have? And he say, noting at all, he vant noting in de Varld, not he. Vel den I say, Vat you do here? He make a me no answer to dat; but he creep, creep along by de Side of de Vall, and sleep out of de Door, and run avay. His Leg vas vary mush more queek dan mine, so dat I no coud cash him; but I call out to de Peoples to stop a de Teef, and da stop him prasaant. And he drop dis Goat-Hair, but dis oder Horse-Hair I take a out of his Pokate, and he no say 
               
                  von 
                  Vard 
               



            . I take mine Oat, dat dis is de vary same Man dat vas in de Shop. Ven he vas carry before de Shusteece, de Shusteece ask a him, Vel, vat you say for you sailfe? Vy noting, he have noting at all to say.
Prisoner. I had got 40s. in my Pocket to pay my Doctor, but meeting a Man in a green Apron at the Prosecutor's Door, with this Parcel of Hair, he offer'd it very cheap, and I dealing in Hair, and thinking it to be a good Bargain, bought it of him, and he went away. The Minute he was gone, the Frenchman stopt me, and having bought it at so low a Rate, I begun to suspect that it was stolen, and so I run for fear of coming into trouble. The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


