






103. The Tryal of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Justice 
                  



                
            , Esq
; for stealing divers BOOKS, the Goods of the 
               
                  Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity-College, in Cambridge




            , before the Right Hon. Sir 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS 
               



            , Knt. Lord Mayor of the City of London; the Right Hon. the Lord Hardwick, the Hon. Mr. Justice Cummins, the Hon. Mr. Justice Denton, Mr. Serj. Urlin, Deputy Recorder of the City of London, and others of his Majesty's Justices of Oyer and Terminer, for the City of London, and Justices of Goal Delivery of Newgate, holden for the said City and County of Middlesex.
HENRY JUSTICE, hold up your Hand.
Justice. My Lord, 'Tis my Misfortune to be very Deaf, I beg I may be permitted to come nearer to your Lordship.
Clerk of Arr. Can't you hear there?
Justice. I am very Deaf, and have a wretched Cold, which has stuck by me all the Winter: (Then he was permitted to come to the Inner Bar) I hope I shall be allow'd the Liberty of Pen and Ink; and as there have been many Books seized at my Chambers, which can be proved not to belong to Trinity College, I hope your Lordship will order them to be restored me.
Then the Indictment was read.
Justice. My Lord, I observe in this Indictment, here is mentioned a much less Number of Books, than was taken from my Chambers; therefore, I hope, those that are not mentioned in the Indictment, may be restored me; or else they may bring another Indictment for the rest; and those that are in the Indictment I must abide by.
He pleaded Not guilty.
Then the Jury were sworn, whose Names are as follows:
JURY sworn, viz.


                     John 
                     Black 
                  



               ,


                     William 
                     Howard 
                  



               ,


                     William 
                     Franklyn 
                  



               ,


                     Philip 
                     James 
                  



               ,


                     Thomas 
                     Baker 
                  



               ,


                     James 
                     Hewett 
                  



               ,


                     William 
                     Wood 
                  



               ,


                     John 
                     Clark 
                  



               ,


                     Isaac 
                     Burton 
                  



               ,


                     Nathaniel 
                     Gladman 
                  



               ,


                     Edward 
                     Jones 
                  



               ,


                     James 
                     Parker 
                  



               .
Then the Indictment was read as follows:
The Jurors for our Sovereign Lord the King, do on their Oaths present, that Henry Justice, late of London, Esq: on the 13th of January, in the 9th Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second

, by the Grace of God of Great-Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, at Doudon, aforesaid to at the Parish of St. Dunstan in the West, within the Ward of Farringdon-Without



, 


               with Force and Arms, the Tracts and Treatises, and Books following: That is to say, one Tract or Treatise, entituled Opus Novum Gildas Brittannus Monachus, cui sapientis cognomentum est inditum, de calamitate excidio & conquesta Britaniniae quam Angliam none vocant, Author etustus a multis diu desyderatus & nuper in Gratium D. Cuthberti Tonstalli Londinen. Episcopi formulis excusus, of the Value of 5 s. and upwards, of lawful Money of Great-Britain One other Tract or Treatise, entituled, Literarum quibus invictislmus Princeps Henricus Octavus Rex Angliae & Franciae Dns. Hiberniae ac Fidei Desensor respondit ad quandam Epistolam Martini Lutheri ad se missam et ipsius Lutheranae quoq; Epistolae Exemplum, of the alue of 5s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. One other Tract or Treatise, entituled, Gulielmi Postelli Baren. Doleriensis de Originibus seu de Hebraicae Linguae & Gentis Antiquitate, deque variarum Linguarum affinitate Liber, of the value of 2 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One Book containing four several Tracts or Treatises, one of the said four Tracts or Treatises being entituled Pyramidographia, or a Description of the Pyramids in Egypt by 
                     
                        John 
                        Greaves 
                     



                  , of the Value of 10 s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. The 2d of the four Tracts or Treatises being entituled, A Discourse of the Roman Foot and Denarius, by 
                     
                        John 
                        Greaves 
                     



                  , of the Value of 10 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. The 3d of the said four Tracts or Treatises, being intituled, Jacobi Usserij Armachani de Macedonum & Asianorum anno Solari Dissertatio, cum Graecorum Astronomorum Parapegmate ad Macedonici & Juliani Anni Rationes accomodato, of the Value of 1 s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. And the 4th of the said Tracts or Treatises being entituled Roberti Stephani Notae in Novum Testamentum of the Value of 6 d. and upwards of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, An Epitaph, declaring the Life and End of D. Edmd. Boner. Another Epitaph made by a Papist in the Praise of D. Edmd. Boner, and set up in Paul's-Cross with an Answer thereto. Also a Reply to a slanderous and lying Libel cast abroad in the Defence of D. Edm. Boner, of the Value of 1 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, Authores rei venaticae antiqui cum commentarijs Jam Ulirij ad Christinam Augustam, of the Value of 5 s. and upwards, of Lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, De Francicae Linguae recta Pronunciatione Theodoro Beza Auctore, of the Value of 1 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, A Declaration of Foner's Articles, of the Value of 1 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, La Bibliotheque D'Antoine Du Verdier Seigneur de Vauprivas, of the Value of 10 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, Jacobi Sadoleti de Laudibus Philosophiae Libri duo, of the Value of 3 s. and upwards, of like Lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, D. Camerarius de Fortitudine, Doctrina & Pietate Scotorum of the Value of 3 s. and upwards. One other Book, entituled, La Methode Nouvelle & Invention extraordinaire de dresser les Chevaux, les travailler felon la Nature & par fair la Nature, par la Subtilite de l'art: la quelle n'a jamais ete trouvee que par le tres noble haut & tres puissant Prince Guillaume Marquis & Compte de Newcastle, of the Value of 10 l. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, Notitia Monastica, or a short History of the Religious Houses in England and Wales, by 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Tanner 
                     



                  , of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, D. Junij Juvenalis Satyrae, of the Value of 12 s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, facrae Scriparae veteris novaeq; omnia, of the Value of 4 l. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, I Quattro Libro d'ell architettura di Andrea Palladio of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Les Memoires de Messire 
                     
                        Philippe 
                        de Comines 
                     



                   Seigneur d'Argenton of the Value of 20s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book divided into two Parts, the first Part thereof being entituled, I. Pars Romanae Urbis Topographiae & Antiquitatum, and the 2d Part being entituled II. Pars Antiquitatum Romanorum seu Topographia Romanae Ur-bis. One other Book divided into 2 Parts, the 1st Part thereof being entituled III Pars Antiquitatum seu Inscriptionum & Epitaphiorum quae Saxis & Marmoribus Romanis videntur cum suis signis & Imaginibus: And the 2d Part thereof being entituled IIII Pars An-tiquitatum Romanorum five II Tomus Inscriptionum & Monumentorum quae Romae in Saxis & Marmoribus visuntur. One other Book divided into 2 Parts, the Ist Part thereof being entituled V Pars Antiquitatum Romancrum five III Tomus Inscriptionum & Monumentorum quae Romae in Saxis & Marmoribus visuntur. And the 2d Part thereof being entituled VI Pars Antiquitatum Romanorum five IIII Tomus Inscriptionum & Monumentorum quae Romae in Saxis & Marmoribus visuntur. Auctore J.S. Boissardo Vesuntino, the 3 last mentioned Books, being of the Value of 6 l. and upwards of the like lawful Money. One other Book entituled Addenda to the 3d Volume of the Statutes at large, of the Value of 10s. and upwards of the like lawful Money. One other Book entituled the Statutes at large, Vol. IV. of the Value of 20s. and upwards of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, The Statutes at large, Vol. V. of the Value of 20s. and upwards. One other Book entituled, Les Vies des Hommes illustres Grecs & Romains comparees l'une avec l'autre par Plutarque de Chaeronee, of the Value of 3l. - and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Quinti Horatii Flacci Opera, of the Value of 12 s. and upwards of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, The Holy Bible containing the Books of the Old and New Testament, of the Value of 15 l. and upwards of the like lawful Money. One other entituled, The Book of Common Prayer, and Administration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, with the Psalter or Psalms of David, of the Value of 10 l. of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Godefridi Bidloo Medicinae Doctoris & Chirurgi Anatomia humani Corporis, of the Value of 6 l. and upwards of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, De Bello Belgico Decas prima Famiani Stradae Rom. Soc. Jesu, of the Value of 30 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, De Bello Belgico Decas II Famiani Stradae Rom. Soc. Jesu, of the Value of 30 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Vetus Testamentum multiplici Lingua nunc primum impressum, & imprimis Pentateuch, Hebraico Graeco atq; Chaldaico Idiomate, adjuncta uniciq; sua Latina Interpretatione, of the Value of 6 l. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Secunda Pars veteris Testamenti Hebraico Grecoq; Idiomate nunc primum impressa, adjuncta utriq; sua Latina Interpretatione, of the Value of 6 l. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled Quarta Pars Veteris Testamenti Hebraico Grecoq; Idiomate nunc primum impressa, adjuncta utriq; sua Latina Interpretatione of the Value of 6 l. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Novum Testamentum Grece & Latine in Academia Complutensi noviter impressum, of the Value of 6 l. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, AEschylas cum Notis Tho. Stanleii, of the Value of 50 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Pet. Lambecii Commentariorum de Bibliotheca Vindebonensi Liber primus, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Pet. Lambecii Commentariorum de Bibliotheca Vindebonensi Liber secundus, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards. One other Book entituled, Pet. Lambecii Commentariorum de Bibliotheca Vindebonensi Lib. Tertius, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled Pet. Lambecii Commentariorum de Bibliotheca Vindebonensi Lib. Quartus, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Pet. Lambecii Commentariorum de Bibliotheca Vindebonensi Lib. Quintus, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Pet. Lambecii Commentariorum de Bibliotheca Vindebonensi Lib. Sextus, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled Pet. Lambecii Commentariorum de Bibliotheca Vindebonensi Lib. Septimus, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards. One other Book entituled Pet. Lambecii Commentariorum de Bibliotheca Vindebonensi, Lib. octavus, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Supplementum Comment. Lambecianorum seu Catalogus MSS Graecus & Orientalium per Dan. de Nessel, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Appendix Secunda continens MSS juridicos Graecos & Orienta-les & Philologicos, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, the 4th Part of a brief Register, Calender and Survey of the several Kind Forms of Parliamentary Writs, by 
                     
                        William 
                        Prynne 
                     



                  , of the Value of 40 s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, M. Tullii Ciceronis Epistoalarum Libri XVI ad T. Pomponium Atticum To-mus I. of the Value of 10 s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. One other Book entituled M. Tullii Ciceronis Opera, Tomus II. of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Monastici Anglicani Volumen tertium & ultimum, per Will. Dugdale, of the Value of 5 l. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, Historia Religionis veterum Persurum eorumq; Magorum, of the Value of 30 s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. One other Book entituled, of the Value of 15 s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, of the Value of 15 s. and upwards of like lawful Money. One other Book entituled M. Fabii Quintiliani Institutionum Oratariarum, Libri duodecim, of the Value of 10 s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, M. Fabij Quintiliani Declamationes undeviginti, of the Value of 10 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, Alphonsi Ciaconi Explicatio Belli utriusq; Dacici ex Trajani Columna, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, Villare Cantianum, or Kent survey'd and illustrated by 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Phillpot 
                     



                  , of the Value of 15s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, Virgilii Opera Volumen primum of the Value of 10 s. and upwards, of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, Virgilii Opera, Volumen secundum, of the Value of 10 s. of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled Virgilii Opera, Volumen Tertium, of the Value of 10 s. of like lawful Money. One other Book, entituled, Orang-Outang, sive Homo Silvestris, of the Value of 20 s. and upwards, of the like lawful Money, being the Goods and Chattels of the Master Fellows and Scholars of the College of the Holy and undivided Trinity, within the Town and University of Cambridge of King Henry the 8th his Foundation, vulgarly called Tryate College within the Town and University of Cambridge; of King Henry 8th his Founda-tion, and being then found at the Parish and Ward aforesaid, did feloniously steal, take and carry away
            , against the Peace of our said Lord the King, his Crown and Dignity.
Mr. Greaves, of Council with the King, open'd the Indictment, and Mr. Attorney General open'd the Evidence in a very eloquent Speech.
Then the Reverend Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Wilson 
               



             was call'd, and the Charter of the University, was produced and read.
Justice. No one has prov'd that Charter: They should be obliged to shew that Trinity College was incorporated by Letters Patent: there is no time mentioned in the Indictment when it was incorporated: And as Mr. Attorney General has opened the Indictment, they should produce the Warrant, by Virtue of which they seized the Books.
Council. What Book is that in your Hand Sir?
Wilson. This is, Opus novum Gildas Britannus Monachus, cui Sapientis Cognomentum est inditum de Calamitate excidio & Cononeila Britaniac, quam Angliam nane vocant, author vetustus, a multis diu desideratus & nuper in Gratiam D. Cuthberti Tonstalli Londinen. Episcopi formulis excusus.
Justice. Is that the whole Title of the Book?
Wilson. 'Tis all that is in the Indictment.
Justice. Read the whole Title of the Book: Is it in the Indictment?
Council for the Prisoner. We have an Objection to make to all the Books on this Account: In the Indictment they say Triate Col.
C. K. 'Tis so in the Charter. 'Tis not necessary to set forth every Thing that is mentioned in the Title Page; for the Description of the Book and the Title Page, are two different Things. The Title is set forth, tho' what giveth an Account of the Contents of the Book be omitted.
Wilson. The next is intituled, Literarum quibus invictissimus Princeps Henricus Octavus Rex Angliae et Franciae, Dns Hiberniae ac Fidei Defensor, respondit ad quandam Epistolam Martini Lutheri ad se missam, et ipsius Lutheranae quoq; Epistolae Exemplum, value 5 s. in the Indictment.
C. P. How is Dominus spelt there?
Wilson. Dns.
C. K. 'Tis not material, tho' there be a Contraction in one Place, and the whole Word be set forth in another.
C. K. What was the Value of the first Book?
Wilson. 'Tis a curious scarce Book, that Gildas; it has, I know, been sold for 10 s. a curious Man would give more: I value this at a Crown.
C. K. What is the Worth of Luther?
Wilson. Half a Crown.
Justice. What, worth Half a Crown, and imperfect?
C. K. Make some Allowance, if there be a Leaf wanting.
Wilson. 'Tis worth Half a Crown still I believe.
C. K. Go to the next Sir.
Wilson. This is Gulielmi Postelli Baren. Doleriensis de Onginibus seu de Hebraicae Linguae & Gentis Antiquitate; deque variarum Linguarum affinitate Liber.
Justice. Does the Title end there?
C. Yes, this Title ends at Liber.
Justice. I beg to look at that Book.
C. K. What's the Value of this Book?
Wilson. One Shilling.
C. K. What is the next, Sir?
Wilson. I will take them in Order. The next is Pyramidographia, or a Description of the Pyramid in Egypt, by 
               
                  John 
                  Greaves 
               



            . The Indictment mentions four Tracts bound up together; we found them separate as they are now; but I remember them bound up together in the Library: I remember them particularly.
. If they were in the Library bound up together, and have afterwards been separated, they may be said to be one Book, containing four Tracts: Pulling off the Cover alters not the Thing at all.
Justice. I ask whether or no these Books at the Time of finding the Indictment, and taking them from me, were then in one Book as laid in the Indictment. Can Mr. Wilson say they were bound all together when they were taken?
Wilson. I cannot say they were. But I had them at my Chamber bound all together; and I lent them to the Master of Pembroke bound all together; and there's an Account of the four Parts wrote upon a Leaf, which I don't find now.


                  Charles 
                  Mason 
               



            . I remember they were bound together, but I can't be certain whether these Tracts were the 4 that were bound in this very Cover; but I remember, a Scholar desired he might have the Use of it, and I got it from the Master of Pembroke, and lent it him, and returned it to the Library about 3 Months before Mr. Justice went away; when I returned it, they were all bound together in a brown Calf-Skin Cover.
Another Witness. That was the Book that was lent to the Master of Pembroke, and I remember the Tracts were bound up in a brown Cover.
C. K. What were the Tracts contain'd in that Book?
C. Mason. Pyramidographia, or a Description of the Pyramids of Egypt; a Discourse o the Roman Foot and Denarius, by John Greaves Jacobi Usserii Armachani Macedonici Asianorum Anno Solari Dissertatio Graecorum Astronomorum Parapemateiad Macedonici & Juliani Anni Rationes accommodato, and Roberti Stephani Notae Novum Testamentum. This last was an imprfect Piece.
C. K. What is the Value of the Pyramids?
Wilson. I asked the Price of that, and I  could not get one under 10 s. 6 d. The Deescription of the Pyramids, and the Discourse of the Roman Foot are reckoned very curious Piece
C. K. What is Usher's Book worth?
Wilson. About 18 d. Stephanus is imp, is worth 6 d. I believe.
Justice. If I mind the Indictment right, it says, Book containing 4 Tracts; the Pyramids and Roman Foot: Usher & Robertus Stephanus in Novum Testamentum.
C. K. The different Tracts have been mentioned: and here is the Stephanus.
Wilson. The next is an Epitaph of D. Edmund Bonner: declaring the Life and End of D. Edmund Bonner: And another made by a Papist, in Praise of D Edmund Bonner, and set up in Paul's Cross: Also a Reply to a scandalous Lie cast abroad in Defence of D. Edmund Bonner The Value I believe is 1 Shilling, and Authores rei venaticae antiqui cum Commentariis Jam Ulitii ad Christinam Augustam.
C. K. What is the next Book?
Wilson. De Francicae Linguae recta pronunciatione Theodoro Beza Auctore.
C. K. What is the Value of this?
Wilson. One Shilling I believe Sir.
C. K. While they are looking for the next Book, I will ask you Sir, whether you believe all these belong to Trinity College Library?
Wilson. I believe they do: The next is Bonner's Articles, but they are not at hand: The next is, La Bibliotheque D'
               
                  Antoine 
                  du Verdier 
               



             Seigneur de Vauprivas: This was found in Mr. Justice's Bureau, and has Trinity College Arms upon it. We can prove the Book to belong to the Library.
C. K. Mr. Hutchinson, had you such a Book in the Library?
Hutchison. It is now missing from the Library; it was there within these 2 Years.
C. K. Mr. Wilson, when did you see this Book there?
Wilson. I know by the Catalogue there was such a Book there, I can't remember I have seen it: 'Tis not now in the Class referr'd to in the Catalogue; here is the Arms of the College upon it.
C. P. I would ask whether Books may not often be misplaced in the Library, and put into an improper Class?
Wilson. 'Tis possible, but not commonly so.
C. P. I would ask whether the Books in the Library are chain'd?
Wilson. No. they are not.
C. P. Are they all loose?
Wilson. Yes: and any of the Fellows have Liberty to borrow a Book.
C. K. What is the Value of the Book, of which that Leaf was the Title?
Wilson. About 10 s.
C. K. What is the next?
Wilson. The next is, Jacobi Sadoleti de laudibus Philosophiae, Libri duo. And the Value of this is 2 s. The next is, D. Camerarius de Fortitudine, Doctrina & Pietate Scotorum: The Title is wanting: The current Title begins with the Words Introductio Generalis.
C. P. Then this is not in the Indictment.
C. K. We can put it by; we have enough without it. What is the next?
Wilson. La Methode nouvelle & Invention extraordinaire de dresser les Chevaux les travailler selon la Nature & parfair la Nature par la Subtilite de Part; la quelle n'a jamaisete trouvee que par le tres noble haut & tres puissant Prince Guillaume, Marquis & Comptede Newcastle. I know not the Value of this myself, but I have known some Gentlemen have given 10 l. for it.
Justice. Let me see the Book: I know it very well: I know not whether 'tis material or not, but Newcastle is imperfect; here is one Leaf paged 5. and the next Leaf is 7.
C. K. How come you to know this so suddenly?
Justice. I own the Book was found in my Chamber.

Wilson. The next is Notitia Monastica, or a short History of the Religious Houses in England and Wales, by 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tanner 
               



            .
C. K. What is the Value of that?
Wilson. About a Guinea; 'tis a very scarce Book. The next is D.Junii Juvenalis Satyrae; the Louvre Edition: I have seen it valued in a Catalogue at 10 or 12 s.
C. K. Go to the next, Sir.
Wilson. The next is sacrae Scripturae veteris noviq; Testa mentiomnia. This is an Aldus Edition, a very valuable Book, worth three orfour Guineas.
C. K. What is the next?
Wilson. I quattro Libri dell' Architettura di Andrea Palladio, the value of this is one Guinea or a Guinea and half.
The next is Les Memoires de Messire 
               
                  Philippe 
                  de Comines 
               



            , Seigneur d'Argenton; the Paris Edition, Value 1 l. 1 s.
C. K. Pray go to the next, Sir.
Wilson. The next are three Volumes. The first is, Prima Pars Romanae Urbis Topograhiae & Antiquitatum; and all the Volumes consist of two Parts. The 2d Part is, Secunda Pars Antiquitatum Romanorum seu Topographia Romanae Urbis.
C. P. The Title is not compleat in the Indictment, the Title of the Book ends at Accuratissine, and not at Antiquitatum.
C. K. I believe it is so; lay them by.
Wilson. The next is, Addenda to the Statutes at large.
C. P. All the Title here too, is not in the Indictment. (This was laid by likewise).
Wilson. The next in the Indictment, is, the Statutes at Large, beginning, &c.
C. P. You have not all the Title; 'tis only the Statutes at Large, in the Indictment. This was laid by also.
Wilson. The next is the French Plutarch: Les Vies des Hommes illustres Grecs & Romains comparees l'une avec l'autre, par Plutarch de Chaeronee; it is worth two Guineas. The next is Quinti Horatij Flacci a Louvre Horace, worth about a Guinea. The next is an English Field's Bible. The Title is, The Holy Bible, consisting the Books of the Old and New Testament.
C. K. What is the Value?
Wilson. Twenty Guineas, both of them.
C. K. What is the next?
Wilson. The Book of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacrements, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; with the Psalter or Psalms of Devil. This and the other I value at twenty Guineas.
C. K. Go on, Sir.
Wilson. This is Godefridi Bidleo, Medicinae Doctoris & Chiruurgi Anantomia Humani Corporis.
C. P. This is a Copper-Plate; and not set forth right in the Indictment.
Wilson. The next is, De Bello Belgico Decas prima Famianae Stradae, Rom. Soc. Jesu. I value the two Vols. at a Guinea, they are worth more.
The next is, Vetus Testamentum multiplici Lingua nune primo impressum: & imprimis Pentatenchus Hebraico Greco atq; Chaldaico Idiomate, adjuncta unicuiq; sua Latina Interpretatione: Here are four Volumes, and this is the Complatensian Edition, worth about twenty Guineas.
Mr. Richardson. The next is the Aeschylus; but while we were in Mr. Justice's Chamber, that was convey'd away.
(The Council for the King, did not think proper to take up any more Time in proving the Books, but went to the Fact.)
C. K. Do you remember that Gildas to have been in the Library?
Wilson. I cannot say I do; but there is a particular mark on it, by which we know it to be ours. We found many of our Books in the Library defac'd: Prints taken out of curious Books, some of which were found at Mr. Justice's, and made a Report to the College of what we found there.
C. K. Give an Account how this was discovered.
Wilson. 'Tis known (I suppose) that there was a Report of the Temple Library being robb'd; this gave us a Suspicion that the Libraries with us had suffered likewise. On that Occasion we examined Trinity Library, and found many Books wanting, and many defaced. The Vice-Chancellor then commissioned the Register to consult Lawyers, that we might know what was proper to be done: And according to their Advice, Mr. Allen, Mr. Hutchenson our Librarian, and my self, were sent up in January last, to take the Direction of Council, in order to our proceeding further in this Business: We waited on Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Thomson 
               



            , and he gave us a Search-Warrant: We search'd Mr. Justice's Chambers, and there we found all the Books that have now been produced in Court.
C. K. Is there any Marks on that Book by which you know it to be yours?
Wilson. I found several Tracts taken out of books of Miscellanies: These I laid aside, and gave Account of them to the College: Mr. Jackson examined the Library particularly, and found this Volume in my Hand with the Tracts cut out. King Henry the Eighth's Answer to Luther was cut out of this Book: Upon the Leaves of it (23) being marked, the Belly of the 3 was wanting: And this very Tract we found in his Chambers, and putting it in that part of the Volume, from whence it had been taken, it tally'd exctly, and made up exactly the Figure 3, which before was deficient; and this Volume I had out of the Library
Mr. Jackson. The Gildas was cut out likewise of another Volume. On the Inside of the Binding there is a Catalogue of the Tracts contained therein; this was wanting and was found at Mr. Justice's Chambers. It comes in, in the same Order, as mentioned in the Catalogue, the Colour of the Leaves is the same, and it tallies exactly: And for a farther Confirmation there is the Coll. Arms upon it. There is another Tract wanting, which we can't find; but we have got the College Catalogue, which mentions every one of them: this was Numb. 32.
C. K. Is it a Manuscript Catalogue?
Jackson. Yes, Sir.
Justice. I submit it to the Court, whether that Catalogue should not be proved by somebody who has compared the Books in the Library with the Catalogue; otherwise the Catalogue can be of no Service: Besides, how does it appear that these Books ever were in the Library.
C. K. What, must we bring a Man to prove a Catalogue, that was wrote, perhaps, a Hundred Years ago?
Jackson. I believe it to be a true Catalogue: I found the Volume, out of which these Tracts were taken, by the Help of Catalogue.
C. K. I would ask you Sir, whether as far as you have compared it, it is always been found agreeable to the Books.
Jackson. As far as I have observed, 'tis an accurate Catalogue.
C. K. Have you often seen him in the Library?
Wilson. I have often seen him there last Summer, but never observed what he was doing; he came from College in October (I think.) He entered himself a Gentleman Commoner, in August was two Years.
C. K. Was the Postellus Hebraicae Linguae in the Library?
Jackson. By Mr. Wilson's giving an Account of the Tract, I found the Volume in which it was bound, in the Library thus mutilated: the Tract was missing: here is a Catalogue of the Tracts in the Book, and putting this in its Place, from whence it was cut, it fitteth exactly: and the College Arms are upon it. We found it in Mr. Justice's Chamber.
Justice. I acknowledge all this; 'tis all true; but I would -
C. K. Don't confess what you should not. Did not you take this Book from Trinity College?
Justice. I can't say that I - But before I was sent to Newgate, I would ask Mr. Wilson, whether I did not own to you Mr. Wilson (Here Mr. Justice burst into Tears, and when he had composed himself, he went I would ask whether I did not own I had a great Number of Trinity College Books: Did not I own it, before I was taken up by Warrant from Baron Thomson? Did not I acknowledge it? Did not I give you up the Key of my Chambers, that you might take them?
Wilson. We had some Conversation with you, and you did say you had many Books belonging to Trinity, and you did say we might take them; but it was thought adviseable not to do so, as there were Warrants out. We were advised to proceed regularly, by Warrant from Mr. Baron Thomson.
Mr. Justice. And when you found them in my Chamber, were not many of them directed to my Tutor? Was not Professor Taylor my Tutor? Was there not two Boxes of Books packed up and directed to Professor Taylor? And was there not in one of them, a Letter to him?
Q. When was it you searched Mr. Justice's Chambers and found the Books?
Wilson. It was on the Monday. Mr. Justice did say on the Saturday we might take the Books, but we did not obtain the Search-Warrant till Monday. Mr. Justice was in Custody when the two Boxes were packed up, and had been in the Custody of the Constable three Days, at the Bolt and Tun.
C.K. Were the Books pack'd up before or after Notice was sent to Cambridge?
Wilson. After.
Justice. I admit I had a great Number of these Books, and that a great many of them belong to Trinity College: I was so far from altering them or defacing them, that the Arms of the College are in many of them to this Hour. I would not give the Court trouble, I admit them all, and never did deny it.
C.K. Which Books were in the Boxes, and which were not packed up?
Wilson. Juvenal was in one of the Boxes; The Aldus Bible, Palladio, the Complut. Bible, the Statutes at Large, the French Plutarch, the Paris Horace, Field's Bible and Common-Prayer, and Strada, were in Boxes.
Justice. Was there not more in the Boxes than are in the Indictment?
Wilson. Yes; Gildas was not packed up, that we found in his Chamber. Henry the 8th's Answer to Luther, Postellus, Beza de Francicae Pronunciationis, Newcastle's Horsemanship, were not packed up: Greaves's Pyramids, the Account of the Roman Foot, Sadeletus, Bonner's Epitaphs, Authores reivenatica, these were not pack'd-up; there are more mentioned in the Indictment, but you have not gone thro' them, so they have not come before you.
C.K. Were any of the Tracts taken out of the Volumes packed up?
Wilson. No, none of them.
Justice. Have you done with Mr. Wilson? I would ask him, whether it is not usual to give Pupils leave to take what Books they have occasion for? Mr. Wilson is a Tutor himself.
Wilson. It is; to take them regularly sending a Note, Permit such a one to take such a Book, and place it to my Account: None of these were placed to Mr. Taylor's Account.
Justice. I would ask whether you remember where my Chambers were?
Wilson. I remember where you liv'd last.
Justice. I would ask you, how far 'tis between the Library and my Chamber?
Wilson. The Library is at some Distance.
Justice. Is it not quite cross both the great Courts?
Wilson. 'Tis not so: Your Chamber is in the first Court, and the Library is by the River.
Justice. I would ask how 'tis possible for any one to carry them away unseen? How came I by this Privilege?
Wilson. That you best know.
C.K. Do you give leave to any but Members of the College to take Books?
Wilson. No.
Justice. And in what Capacity was I?
Wilson. A Fellow Commoner.
Justice. What are the Privileges of Fellow Commoners?
Wilson. They sit at the Fellows Table, and take the other Advantages that Fellows have; they have no Right to take Books ad libitum. You have a Right to take a Book if your Tutor gives leave, and 'tis placed to his Account. Fellow-Commoners we look on as Boarders; they are no part of the Corporation, and have no Right to take Books without this Licence.
Just There are two sorts of Scholars: A Foundation Scholar, who lives on the Stipend of the College; and one who pays for what they have, and are at their own Expence: Don't you look on a Student as a Scholar? did not I on my Admission pay a Guinea, or a Guinea and a half, according to the Custom of the College (as you do) to the Library Keeper.
Wilson. 'Tis paid upon Admission.
Justice. Can you swear these Books were all taken in London?
Wilson. They were taken in your Chambers.
C.P. I asked before, whether there was any Fastening to these Books?
Wilson. None, in Trinity College Library.
Justice. You say, that Tutors licence their Pupils to take Books, and they are entered by Order of the Tutor in the Register Book. Now I would ask you, Sir, whether it is not a frequent Practice to borrow Books without making such Entry?
Wilson. I have something to do with Pupils my self. I write, Let such a Person have such a Book, and place it to my Account.
C. P. You are a cautious Man. I would ask whether any Body can go into the Library without the Librarian's Leave.
Wilson. 'Tis not always open: There are Hours when the Keeper attends. When a Gentleman studies there, he has leave of a Fellow. A Fellow Commoner of a House is indulged with leave to study there; but he can't take them to his Chamber without his Tutor's Note.
C.P. I would ask whether any one can go into the Library without leave of the Librarian?
Wilson. When any come to see the Library, the Librarian walks with the Person: If he comes to study; he has leave to sit down.
Justice. Has it not been common for Books to be wanting in Trinity College Library?
Wilson. There are many Books out: Because Fellows, according to their particular Studies, have particular Books. I have some; Mr.Taylor has some.
C.P. Ask him if they don't keep them 20 or 30 Years? And if they don't bring them away with them to London?
Wilson. If they do, they should not.
C.P. I ask if you don't know of Books belonging to Trinity, now in London?
Wilson. There are a great many here now. I know but of a Volume of Stillingfleet beside, and that is charged on his Head; he is a Fellow, and is now in Court.
Justice. Who is the under Library-Keeper?
Wilson. The present Man's Name is Harris, he is about 18 Years old.
Justice. In relation to a Fellow Commoner, I would ask whether they have not more Privileges than other Graduates.
Wilson. We allow you to go into the Library to study there, not on any other account.
Justice. Are not Fellow Commoners looked upon as superior to Scholars?
Wilson. Yes. -
Justice. What do you mean by a Fellow Commoner?
Wilson. One who sits at the same Table with Fellows, and enjoys their Conversation.
C. P. Pray does Mr. Justice's Name still continue in the Buttery Book? When did you see it last there?
Wilson. His Name was on the Buttery Boards in October, whether it is now taken off or not, I cannot tell.
C. P. Is it not usual for a Fellow Commoner to have the Liberty of taking a Book without a Note from the Tutor?
C. K. And I would ask if he knows they are allowed to take them, not only out of the Library, but out of Cambridge.
C. P. Have you, every time any of your Pupils have wanted a Book, given them a Note?
Wilson. Yes.
C. K. I would ask whether in all your Time, you ever knew leave given to any Body to cut a Treatise out of a Book, carry it away, and leave the rest behind?
Wilson. No.
Mr. Brounker sworn.
C. K. Do you know where Mr. Justice's Chambers are?
Brounker. In London, in Elm Court. We reckon all the east part of Temple-lane to be in London. Take a Line from Sheer-Lane, and run it down to the Water-side, all on this side the Line we reckon in London. All on this Side the Middle-Temple-Lane we call London. New Court and the Garden is called Middlesex. E'm-Court is on this side of Middle-Temple-Lane.
Mr. Atkinson, the Constable was sworn.
C. K. Had you any Search Warrant brought you?
Atkinson. Yes; It was signed by Baron Thomson.
(The Warrant being proved was read)
C. K How did you proceed upon this?
Atkinson. As I am a City Constable, I did not care to serve it in the Temple without leave from the Benchers. I had leave, and with Esquire Taylor, and Mr. Brounker, we found these Books, which I have had in Custody ever since. We took Mr. Justice in his Chambers, and carried him before Baron Thomson on the Wednesday, who asked him Questions, and told him he hoped he could give a good account how he came by them: He said, he thought he could: and the Baron gave him 3 Days to do it in: I was ordered to keep the Books, and he had leave to go at liberty from Wednesday to Saturday: I was ordered to bring him again before the Baron, on Saturday. and he then not giving a good Account how he came by them, he was order'd to get Bail, and 'till he could find Bail, he was to remain in my Custody; I kept him at my House 'till Monday, then I took him again before Baron Thomson, and he committed him.
C. K. Do you know any thing about his packing up Books?
Atkinson. Yes. On Sunday in the Evening he desired I would let him go to his Chambers, to put some Papers in order. I went with him, and he then packed up these Books in order to send them to Cambridge, and put in a Letter to one Mr. Taylor I believe: When the Books were packed up, he went home with me again.
Justice. I don't know whether your Lordship understood him as I do: I think he said, when he came with the Warrant to my Chambers, he found these Books here, or else he speaks of another Parcel of Books.
Atkinson. I don't know whether the Books that are here are the same Books that you pack'd up.
Justice. Did you find any of the Books mentioned in the Warrant?
Atkinson. No.
Justice. I ask you who it was that pressed you to execute the Warrant?
Atkinson. I believe his Name was Kinaston.
Justice. There was a second Warrant granted. When was that? before or after the packing up of the Books?
Atkinson. The Books were packed up, before the second Warrant was granted.
Justice. There was no Warrant against me then for Trinity College.
Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I am a Fellow of St. John's.
Justice. I beg leave to say one Thing; I have an Objection to the Gentleman's Evidence; it will appear that he was Under Librarian, and had the Care of the University Library.
Taylor. I received Orders from the Vice-Chancellor of Cambridge; about Christmas last, to procure a Warrant to search Mr. Justice's Chambers: Baron Thomson granted a Warrant on the 6th of January. On the 7th they were searched, and Mr. Justice taken before the Baron. I saw some Books which were missing in the Library: On Saturday Morning he was before him again, and then he was put into the Constable's Hands; and on Sunday Night I was informed that Mr. Justice was packing up Books: I went to him and asked him the Reason of his packing the Books up; he said, he was advised to do it, but that it was contrary to his own Judgment.
C. K. How came the Gentlemen of Trinity to suspect Mr. Justice?
Taylor. The Gentlemen desired me in my Search for the University Library, to look for Newcastle's Horsemanship; I saw it in Mr. Justice's Chambers, and sent them word of it.
Justice. When you came to search, was not my Study Door lock'd?
Taylor. Yes.
Justice. When I gave you the Key, did you find any of the Books mentioned in the Warrant?

Taylor. No.
Justice. My Lord, when they came to my Chambers, tho' my Name was not in the Warrant, yet I freely let them search, and they found none of the Books mentioned in the Warrant. There was a Trunk that was lock'd; I opened it, and there was nothing there that they wanted. I will go farther, to shew how willing I was to give Satisfaction, I let Mr. Taylor and Mr. Brounker the next Day search, even my very Cellar, without Constable or Warrant. On their second coming, they found me at Liberty, and my Doors open, and they can't say there was any Obstruction to their searching.
Taylor. There were some Covers of Books in the Cellar.
(The Council for the King rested the Evidence here, and the Prisoner was called on to make his Defence.
Justice. My Lord, I acknowledge, as I always did, and have now done, that I had the Books. I apprehend, I had Authority to take them. First, a General Authority to take what Books I wanted, out of the Library. Secondly, An Authority in my own Right, as a Scholar of the College; and if this appears, this Matter will be so far from being Felony, that it can't be a Trespass. I intended to return them, and this may appear from my declaring that I had them, delivering up my Keys, and packing them up before the Warrant for the College-Books was granted. There was no Warrant against me for the College-Books, before I endeavoured to send them away. As to the Matter of my being a Scholar; it will appear from the Statutes, there are two sorts of Scholars. From the Statute 25 Sept. 12. Eliz. where 'tis said, Nullus Scholaris quicunq; &c From this Statute it appears, that there are stipendiary Scholars, who receive Money or Victuals, who are supported by the College, and Scholars who live at their own Expence; of which Number I am one: And if any Doubt arises on that, I hope these Gentlemen (my Council) will be permitted to argue for me. But I apprehend, if I had no Right as a Scholar of the College, yet I hope this Clause in the 2d of Eliz. Chap. 14. which says, Omnes Scholasticos, &c. will give me the Right of a Fellow. I beg leave to observe, that the constant Word in all Statutes and Chapters, when a Scholar is spoken of, is Scholaris: A Foundation-Scholar is called Discipulus, and I must be the Scholaris. The Pensionaries are the Stipendiaries of the College. Fellow-Commoners have always the same Privileges with Fellows. My Lord, I was so far from secreting these Books, that 'tis intirely owing to the Negligence of a Child, whom they have made Library-Keeper, that my Name was not entered with the Books, according to my Order. But if I had not ordered them to be entered, yet by the Statutes it cannot be a Felony. They lay openly in my Room; they have the College Arms on them, and have particular Marks: Could any body (intending to secret them) be so mad, as to let them lie about openly, with these Marks. There were many Books I intended to send down, before there were any Complaints against me, but they would not suffer me. I had a Message from my Tutor, to inform me, he thought it proper I should send down the Books I had, belonging to the Library, which I had from him. I sent him word, I hoped I should spend my Christmas with him, then all the Books should be put in order; but this Affair happening, prevented my going, or sending the Books. There is something appears in my Behalf from the very Face of these Books. My Chambers were in the Corner of the first Court, and the Library in the Corner of the other great Court; I appeal to any Man, whether it was possible for any one to carry these great Books, (and some there are which are much bigger) out of the Library to my Chambers without Discovery; here are these Bibles, and Plutarch's Lives; the Thing speaks itself; 'tis impossible to remove these Books in a clandestine Manner. But, my Lord, I never was there, but the Boy, the Library-Keeper, was with me: He is a negligent Boy, and, I believe, 'tis no Wonder that Books should be lost from Trinity Library. When I was at College there was 15 or 1600 Books wanting, and must I be answerable for their Neglect, and be subject to Punishments and Indictments? I hope your Lordship does not think it necessary for me to call any Manner of Evidence; the Books are the Books of the Master, Fellows, and Scholars and I am a Scholar, consequently the Books I have a Right in, and they will be as much mine as theirs, therefore it cannot be Felony: If they have been carried away, it cannot be feloniously. I desire my Council may be heard. But it not being proved that Mr. Justice was a Member of the Corporation, his Objection was over ruled.
Justice. I would ask Mr. Professor Taylor if he did not give Directions to the Library-Keeper, that I should have what Books I wanted.

Taylor. Yes, I gave Orders that Mr. Justice should have what Books he had occasion for.
Justice. You are Greek Professor Sir, and was my Tutor: Is it not an usual Method for Tutors to give Orders, that their Pupils may have what Books they want?
Taylor. 'Tis not very common; but as Mr. Justice was a Gentleman, I indulged him.
Justice. I would know whether Fellow Commoners are not indulged with particular Privileges?
Taylor. We make some Distinction to be sure: They sit among Masters of Arts at Church, and in the publick Schools.
Justice. Don't they frequently attend the Schools?
Taylor. Yes.
Justice. What do you take a Scholar to be in Trinity College?
Taylor. They have about 14 l. a Year allowed them.
Q. Do you take Fellow Commoners to be Part of the Corporation?
Taylor. 'Tis taken in the College that they are not.
Justice. I desire to know if 'tis not taken in the College, that there are two sorts of Scholars, and the general Name for them is Scholaris, and that is, because they attend the Schools; don't Fellow Commoners attend the Schools?
Taylor. Yes, and take Degrees as others do.
Justice. There are Scholars in the College who have Pensions, and many others who have not: Well, Sir, I would know the Custom and Practice of the University: There is a Jurisdiction by some of the Charters, granted to the Chancellor, Master and Scholars.
Taylor. Yes, Sir.
Justice. If I had Money owing me, or owed Money, where must I sue, or where might I be sued?
Taylor. In the Vice-Chancellor's Court.
Justice. Why so?
Taylor. 'Tis always the Way.
Q. Suppose a Gentleman at Trinity is not matriculated, how is it then?
Justice. The very same Thing.
Taylor. This Question was never asked in any Suit in the University Courts, whether a Man was matriculated or not.
C. K. Your suing and being sued, is as you are a Member of the University, not as you are a Member of a College.
Justice. I apprehend what I am upon is material, because in all the Charters of Colleges, Scholars, as I am, are called Scholares, and the Stipendiary Scholars are called Discipuli. As the Distinction depends upon the Charter of the University, I would make use of the Words of the Charter, to describe the two sorts of Scholars. I would ask Mr. Taylor, is not a Fellow Commoner looked upon as a Member of a College?
Taylor. He is an admitted Member; I cannot say an incorporated one.
Justice. On the Admission of any one into the College, are there not Fees paid?
Taylor. Did not you pay those Fees?
Justice. I cannot tell: 'Tis not material, whether you or I paid them: But I would ask whether the Bed Makers have not Keys of our Chambers as well as we?
Taylor. Yes.
Justice. Then if I had stolen the Books, they would easily have been discovered. But did not you about November or December, send me word, you thought it proper I should return the Books I had taken?
Taylor. Yes, I said the Library was to be review'd, and it would be proper to replace the Books.
Justice. What Answer did I send you?
Taylor. You said you should come down at Christmas, and then the Books should be replaced.
Jury. We desire to know if there were any Books enter'd in the Library-Book to Mr. Justice on Mr. Taylor's Account?
Taylor. The last time he was at College there were some enter'd to him.
Jury. Were the Books now produced, or any of them enter'd?
Wilson. Not one of these were enter'd.
Justice. I hope the first thing we shall go upon, will be to see whether I am a Scholar or not.
Hutchinson. This is a Register of the Books lent out to the Fellows of Trinity. I am Head Library-Keeper, and keep the Book; it always lies in the Library, and I look into it every Day. There are some enter'd to Mr. Justice on Professor Taylor's Head, and made Return'd. Our Method is, when a borrow'd Book is return'd, the Under Library-Keeper gives a Stroke through the Name of the Book. Rhymer's Faedera, Vol. 1. Ashmole's Order of the Garter, are scratched out.
Justice. Mr. Taylor says, that Fellow Commoners are so far look'd on as Scholars, that they attend the publick Schools, come to Lectures, take Degrees, and therefore I am a Scholaris. I would ask him, whether for neglect of Duty they are not punished?
Taylor. Yes, as junior Fellows are.
Jury. I would ask Mr. Taylor, whether he apprehended he was regular in giving such Licence to Mr. Justice, as he says he did? and whether when he wrote the Letter to him, he apprehended he had more Books than were entered to his Name?
Taylor. I had no suspicion that he had, at that time.
C. K. Pray of whom does your Foundation consist? What do you call your selves?
Taylor. Master, Fellows and Scholars; a Fellow Commoner is not considered as a Fellow, nor as a Scholar.
C. K. Are Fellow Commoners and Scholars chose in election?
Taylor. Those that are Scholars in the House are chosen by Election; Fellow Commoners are not; they are examined, but not elected, nor are they considered as Scholars of the House. A Fellow Commoner may be chosen a Fellow, but he must be chosen a Foundation Scholar first.
C. K. Is there any Form of their Admittance?
Taylor. Yes, they write their own Names in a Register Book, and are sworn before the Vice-master
C. K. Are there any Advancements in the Colledge; to which if a Man be raised, it is necessary that he has been admitted a Scholar Can a Man be Master without he has been a Scholar?
Taylor. Yes; in such Cases the King nominates.
C. P. King Edward VI. gave them a Body of Statutes: and Queen Elizabeth gave them another, which are the Rule of Government; and on one of these Statutes, if I rightly understand, Mr. Justice depends. Here the Charter of the College was referred to, which incorporated them by the Names of Magister, Socii &c Scholares.
C. K. There is no Description in the Charter what a Scholar shall be. Henry VIII. when he gave this Charter reversed the Power to himself to give Statutes; but dying without giving them, Queen Elizabeth gave these, and there is a Distinction throughout between the Socii and Scholares.
Justice. In the 14th Chapter of Queen Elizabeth, you may observe the Stipendiary Scholar is called Discipulus, not Scholaris: Scholaris is another Word for Fellow. The Scholares & Socii are the constituent Parts of the Body. Common Pensioners are not elected, they take no Oath, therefore they cannot be on the Foundation. Commoners are part of the Foundation, the others are no part of the Foundation; if there be any Revenues to be divided they have no part of the Profit.
Here the Statutes were read concerning the Number of, and Distinction between, the Socii Scholares and the Discipuli Scholares.
C. P. I am far from saying that a Crime of this Nature is not punishable. I do not mean any such thing, nor advance any such Doctrine; but what I would insist upon, is, whether it is not a Larceny; punishable it is, but whether it is Felony is the Question.
Justice. I believe the University-Statutes may be given in Evidence, to shew the Meaning of the Word Scholaris. I apprehend it may be material to shew there are stipendiary Scholars, and Scholars of another kind.
(Read the Statutes.)
C. K. This does not shew that Fellow-Commoners are Members of the Corporation; here are Sociis Scholares and Discipuli Scholares, and these are all that are mentioned, and you don't pretend to be of the Discipuli Scholares.
There are to be 62 Discipuli Scholares, one of these you will not allow your self to be.
Justice. No, not a stipendiary Scholar, but a Scholar in general. I desire the Statutes of Edward VI. may be produced.
C. K. We had no notice of them. Here is the Charter of Henry VIII. and the Statutes of the College with relation to Fellow Commoners. There was a Dispute how far the Statutes of Edward VI. were in force; and they are now in the Bishop of Ely's Hands. He has the only authentick Copy of them; it was ordered by the Privy Council that they should be put in to his Hands.
Justice. I desire the 29th Chapter of Elizabeth may be read. Mr. Taylor gave a general Order for me to take what Books I had occasion for, and by Vertue of that Order, I took these; I ordered the Boy to set them to Mr. Taylor's Account; 'tis hardly possible I should take them secretly.
Taylor. I supposed they were to be regularly enter'd in my Name.
Justice. Call 
               
                  Robert 
                  Marsam 
               



            . (Who was sworn.)
Marsam. I liv'd with Mr. Justice as a Servant, about a quarter of a Year before he was taken up; he had many Books, I cannot swear to any in particular.

Justice. The Books always lay about in publick, openly, and my Study-Door always unlock'd; a Man that had stole them feloniously, would have been fitter for Bedlam than Newgate - (Weeps) Do not you remember (to Marsam) a great large Bible lying openly? Shew him the Book.
Marsam I can't say that ever I saw that Book.
Taylor. We found Newcastle's Horsemanship on the Floor in the Study, without its Binding, and the Study Door was lock'd.
Marsam. I can't say I saw that Book.
Justice. He is no Scholar, and so might not take notice of Latin and Greek Books. My Lord, I hope the Distinction as to the Scholares is plainly express'd by Queen Elizabeth's Statutes, and I hope it will be look'd upon, that Scholar is a Student, and every Student a Scholar.
The Council for the Prisoner very learnedly spoke to the Points in Debate, viz. Whether he was not to be considered as a Member of the Corporation. Whether a Member of a Corporation could be guilty of Felony in taking the Goods of that Corporation; and though the Prisoner should not be prov'd an integral or Foundation-Member; yet considering the Liberty or Indulgence granted him, whether it would not be too hard to construct his Crime into any Species of Felony. Their Arguments were severally and distinctly answered by the Council for the King, and the whole Evidence and the Substance of the Arguments on both sides being laid before the Jury in a very judicious and learned Charge, they withdrew, and in short time return'd, and found the Prisoner 

               guilty
            .
He was a second time 


               indicted for stealing a great Number of Books to a considerable value
            , being the Goods and Chattels of the 
               
                  Chancellor, Master, and Fellows of the University of Cambridge




            : To which he had pleaded not Guilty: But the Jury finding him guilty of the first Indictment, he desired leave to retract his Plea, and 


               pleaded guilty
            , and recommended himself to the Favour of the Court, and hoped for their Intercession to his Majesty for Mercy.
On Monday Evening the 10th of May, Mr. Justice was brought down from Newgate, to receive the Judgment of the Court; and being asked, what he had to say why Sentence of Death should not be pronounced against him according to Law: His Answer was as follows:
Justice. My Lord, In my unhappy Situation, I have nothing left, but to plead the Benefit of the Statute, and pray the Favour of the Court, that I mny not be sent abroad, for the sake of the Prosecutors. My Lord, I was so far from denying that I had the Books, that I always ackowledged it; and I should be glad of an Opportunity of making them a farther Reparation, than they have at present. But if I am under a Necessity of going abroad, it will be absolutely impracticable. As therefore it will be more for their Interest than my own, I hope that will be considered. I speak not from any Desire I have to stay here; for I declare, that if I was to be discharged immediately, no one should see my Face more. (then wept) I own I took these Things, but with no Design to keep them: And I have many more belonging to them; which, if I must go abroad, they will never come at: Therefore, I hope, as the Law gives a discretionary Power to send abroad, or to punish at Home, by burning in the Hand, I hope for Punishment here, that I may be of Service to People with whom I have great Transactions. The Situation I have been in in Life, has occasioned my being intrusted with the Affairs of other People, and the Notice I have of my being to be sent away, is so short, 'tis impossible for me to settle them, or put them into any Method, whereby they may know what Course to take. I have also a young Family to take care of; and, I hope, for their Sake, as Justice has already had its course, and taken Place, your Lordship will think proper that Mercy should take its turn: And, indeed, it will be more Mercy to others, than myself. I have the Honour to be acquainted with many Gentlemen of the same Honourable Profession; I am not unknown to your Lordship; but this fatal Error has been a terrible one to me, and the Consequences of it will always lie upon me; and has deprived me of the Profits and Satisfaction I had Reason to hope for from an Honourable Employment. Instead of being punished, by being sent abroad I beg for Punishment here, for the first Reason assigned; viz. that I may have it in my Power to make Reparation to the People injur'd. I never deny'd the Books; always acknowledged them, and took them with an honest Intent; yet, I have been obliged to remove a great many: I ow'd Rent to my Landlord, and was under a Necessity to send them into the Country, and afterwards to Holland; If I am sent away, they can never come by their own, therefore I hope they will not be averse to what I offer. I have not much more to offer: But as I have the Honour to be known to some Gentlemen on the Bench, I should be glad to have the Favour of the Court, that I may be useful to the People I have injur'd.
My Lord, there is one thing which bore pretty hard upon me at my Trial, and which I mention now, not to extenuate my Guilt, but for the Preservation of those who otherwise may fall into my unhappy Condition: In Relation to the Bibles and Newcastle's Horsemanship, I solemnly declare, that I did charge the Librarian to put them to my Account. If a Man goes and takes a Book according to the Rules of the College, and orders the Book to be set down, if it should be neglected, no Gentleman can be safe: I mention this that they may take more Care, and that Accidents of this kind may be prevented for the future. I am now going to suffer the Law, and the Sentence to be pronounced. The Act gives a discretionary Power to the Court, and if they think fit, the Offender may be burnt in the Hand: But whether the Court will use that discretionary Power with Mercy to me, I know not.
For my own Part, I had now rather go abroad, than stay at home; but there are some Reasons which make it better for me to stay at home. I have been confined half a Year already, and I don't know whether I shall have Opportunity to make Application for Mercy, or to make any Discoveries before the Transports go.
Then the Sentence of 


               Transportation
             was pronounced.
On Tuesday, May 11. Mr. Justice mov'd by his Council, that he might be allow'd to transport himself, or that a worthy Gentleman of the City of York might contract for him; but the Court would not grant him such Liberty.
