





8. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Kitchinman 
                  



               
            , of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing 5 Pieces of Printed Callico, value 10 l.
             - the Goods of a Person unknown. July 4
.


                  Peter 
                  Movillion 
               



            . These are 5 Pieces out of 12, which we lost out of our bleaching Grounds, the 23d of June last. We could get no Information concerning them a great while: but at last I heard of a Woman, who knew something of them. The Prisoner at that Time, worked at Mr. Gerrard's, and he having a Ring of this Woman's, she came to enquire after her Ring; the Prisoner told her he had some Pieces of Printed Linnen, and desired her to get some Money upon them: One Mr. Vincent over-hearing this Discourse, informed me of it, and I found out that Woman, the next Witness. The Goods were found in the Possession of one 
               
                  Grace 
                  Adkins 
               



            , but she is secreted. These Pieces now produced, are Part of the Goods taken from the Bleaching Grounds; they are not half finished, or whiten'd, nor are half the Colours in them which they should have.
Q. Why do you lay them as the Goods of a Person unknown?
Mr. Movillion. Because they have cut of the Marks at the Ends of the Pieces, by which we know every Man's Goods.


                  Mary 
                  Skreen 
               



            . The Prisoner at the Bar about 4 Months ago, took a Ring from me, and when I went to him to ask after my Ring, he told me he had 7 Pieces of printed Linnen to dispose off, so one Day he brought the 7 Pieces to me, and desired me to get him 7 Guineas upon them, if you can do it says he, I have 4 Pieces more, and I will bring you them too; I told him I could not raise the Money; then he asked me if Grace Adkins could, and while we were talking of her, who should come in but Grace her self; I did tell her of these Pieces of Linnen, but indeed, my Lord, I did not ask her to lend the Money upon them. Grace told the Prisoner, tho' she could not lend so much Money upon them, yet she would borrow it, and she did so, and I saw the Money paid to the Prisoner, and the Goods deliver'd to Grace. I did not take Notice of the particular Time, but I think it was about a Month before the Prisoner was taken up. - Hold, - by Recollection 'twas about the 25th of July, and there were 6 Pieces then pledged to her. She ( Grace Adkins) lives at 'Squire Clark's at Spring Gardens
Q. Pray what's become of this Grace Adkins?
Skreen. I did not see her for a Month after the Goods were pawn'd to her, not till the very Night that the Prisoner was taken up; then she produced the Goods, and she fell out and quarrell'd with me for saying any Thing about them.
Q. What's become of Grace now?
Skreen. I do not know indeed.


                  Mary 
                  Powel 
               



            . Grace Adkins borrow'd the 7 Guineas of me, which the Prisoner had upon the Goods; she was to pay me again. I never saw the Prisoner before that Time, when Grace paid him this Money for the Pieces of Linnen, but I never saw them open'd.
Skreen. This is one of the Pieces that he then deliver'd.
Mr. Movillion. I took the Goods at Grace Adkins's Lodgings, the 24th of July.


                  Clement 
                  Webb 
               



            , Constable. These are the same Goods which were deliver'd me at Grace Adkins's Lodging; and she own'd before the Justice that they were the very same which the Prisoner brought to her. At the Watch-house he told us, he bought them of a Scotsman, one 
               
                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            , who traded to Holland. These are the same Pieces, - here's 4 whole Pieces, and 2 half Pieces.
Skreen. He brought first 2 Pieces - then four; and one of them he redeem'd the Night before he was taken up.
Prisoner. If I may be indulged 'till to Morrow Morning I will bring my Witnesses.
Q. Where's this Grace Adkins?
Prisoner. I don't know, she's a Stranger to me.
Q. To Skreen Has the Prisoner used any Endeavours to get you out of the Way?

Skreen. Grace Adkins came to me about 4 Days after the Prisoner was sent to the Gate house, and told me, if I would go there to him, he would give me my Ring; so I went to him, and he told me, if I would not appear against him, I should never want Money or Friends. I said I would take Councel upon it, and accordingly he sent me to his Father's Agent, and he told me I might get off with Ease, and that drawing ( withdrawing ) the Cullisses (Recognizances) would not cost above 14 or 15 s. I had set my Mark to one of the Peices, and his Sister came and begg'd me not to Swear to that, because it would save his Life.
C To the Prisoner. Your Trial was put off in the Morning, because your Friends were not come, who were to give an Account how you came by this Linnen?
Prisoner. They are not come yet.
C. If you have any Witnesses send for them, you shall have an Hour allow'd you.
The Prisoner was taken from the Bar, and allow'd an Hour's Time to produce his Witnesses, but none appearing he was put upon his Defence.
Prisoner. I did not buy these Goods, I had them of one John Johnson, who Trades over Sea; I met this Man one Day, and I went with him to the White Swan Ale-house at Holborn-Bridge, and he ask'd me to get him 7 Guineas upon them; I carry'd them to Skreen's for him, and she produced Grace Adkins.
Constable. He told me he bought them of Johnson, and that he had bought Goods of him, and sold them several Times.
Mr. Movillion. The Prisoner was a Servant
 to another Printer, and he and his Brother went suddenly from their Places upon such another Affair.
Q. Have you no Body here from the Swan, where you say this Johnson deliver'd you the Goods?
Prisoner. No.
Constable. Why, he told me himself, that he knew the Goods were not finish'd.
Skreen. Adkins told me the Prisoner offer'd to sell her 2 Gowns at 5 s. a Piece, and that she had bid him 4 s. 6 d. The Prisoner was then in Company with us, - we were all drinking Tea, and in Discourse, Grace said, she would have the first Man that asked her the Question. The Prisoner asked her if she would have him? Upon my Faith (says she) I will; upon which they both went to Merlin's-Cave at Charing-Cross, and there the Prisoner tore off enough Linnen to make her a Gown, and made her a Present of it, to bind the Bargain. I have seen several Gowns upon the People's Backs, which Grace Adkins had sold for him.
The Court allow'd the Prisoner 2 Hours more to send for his Witnesses; after which, Mr. Norton, and Mr. Lutwych appeared.
Lutwych. The Prisoner's Sister gave me Money for Councel and Subpoena's against to Morrow.
Norton. I am the Prisoner's Father's Agent, and the Prisoner used to bring me a Guinea now and then to send to his Father, for he said he thought it his Duty to help him in his Need, as long as he was able, and I commended him for it. The Prisoner has work'd 3 Years in Whitster's Grounds, and I never heard ill of him before.
Lutwych. I gave Subpenae's to Mr. Dottery and his Wife, but I did not imagine his Trial would have been 'till to Morrow
Mr. Movillion. Mr. Dottery is the Prisoner's Brother-in-Law, and he told me positively, that he should not care to appear at the Old-Bailey for him.


                  Joseph 
                  Jarvis 
               



            . I am Servant to Mr. Watson a Printer, the Prisoner was under me, and he behaved well till latterly: 'tis 3 Years ago since he worked with me first. About the Time that I complained the Grounds were robb'd, he went away, and never bid me God b'w'y.
Q. What was the Cause of his going away?
Jarvis. I don't know.
Q. Upon your Oath did not Mr. Watson turn away 2 Servants for being Acquaintances and Accomplices of his?
Jarvis. Yes, he did.
A Woman. I know the Prisoner to be an honest Man; I have known him some Years, and I never knew any Thing but good Behaviour by him.
Q. Are you any Relation of the Prisoner's?
Woman. Yes, I am his Sister. He bore a very good Character, both in the Country and here; Mr. Dottery would have appeared for him, but he's not at Home. 


               Guilty Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


