





62. + 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Groom 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five 36 Shilling Pieces, two Moidores, and fifteen Guineas, the Money of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Sparrow 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling-house
            , Aug. 5
.
Thomas Sparrow . The Prisoner was a Person who used to do the Business of a Chair-woman
 in my House. I keep my Money in a Chest of Drawers in my Bed-chamber; and on the 3d of June last, I lost out of the Drawer six Guineas and a Moidore. The Lock of the Drawer was pick'd, but not broke. On Sunday the 5th of August, my Wife lay dying at Brumpton , and the Prisoner being employed in my House, I went to see my Wife at Two o'Clock, and returned home at Seven. When I got home, I found two folding Doors between the Dining-Room and my Bed-chamber, (which I had nailed up after the first Robbery) broke open. The next Morning I examined my Drawers in the Bed-chamber, and missed nine Guineas, five 36 Shilling Pieces and a Moidore, which was all the Money I had there, except a Moidore: On the Thursday following, I took her to Task, but she'd confess nothing. No, said she, - confess and be hanged. Upon this I turned her out of Doors , and bid her be gone about her Business. On the Sunday following I was sent for to her Lodging, and she confessed she took my Money , and to clear her Husband of being concerned with her, she owned she put the Money in his Pocket. I had lost twenty Pounds all but four Shillings. She owned taking the Money, but said it was not quite so much, and she hoped I would be favourable . Her Husband asked her, - No , do I know any thing of the Money's being taken? No (she said) I took it, and put it into your Pocket.


                  Matthew 
                  Tead 
               



             confirmed the Account of the Prisoner's Confession .


                  Jane 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I was present when the Money was found by her Husband in the Pockets of a Pair of Breeches of his, which lay in a Chest in their Lodging. Mr. Groom found it himself, and was vastly surprised: 'Twas in two Papers in the Breeches Pockets; there was nine Guineas, a Thirty-six Shilling Piece, a Moidore, and eighteen Shillings in Silver. He sent for Mr. Sparrow , and delivered it to him, while the Prisoner lay upon the Bed, and to all Appearance was dying: For after Mr. Sparrow had turn'd her off, on account of this Robbery, she came home, and got blooded, and having opened the Bandage, she let herself bleed almost to Death. When her Husband found this out, he sent for me, and wondering what could induce her to do such a Thing, I told him she was charged with this Robbery: He searched, and found the Money. I never heard her speak till after she was taken up.


                  Elenor 
                  Hill 
               



             . I was present when the Money was found: The Prisoner at that time had lost so much Blood, that we all thought she had been dead. I sat up with her all Night, and the next Morning she spoke: Her Husband , she said, knew nothing of the Money, but she had put it into his Breeches Pocket, unknown to him. On the Sunday following Mr. Sparrow asked her , if it was his Money? She told him it was; and Mr. Sparrow said, if she had owned it when he first earned her with it at his own House, he would not have taken her up.


                  Jane 
                  Avis 
               



             . I heard her own it was Mr. Sparrow's Money. I have known her almost thirty Years. She lived at Mr. Keene's , and at the Dutch Emony's and with my Lord Claredon . I never heard any Harm of her before. 


               Guilty , 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


