








                     Joseph 
                     Paterson , alias 
Peterson, alias 
Paternoster




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Darvan 
                  



                
             , of St. Martin's in the Fields



, were a second time indicted for 


               stealing 3 Suits of Laced Headclothes, 2 Cambrick Heads and Ruffles, 2 Muslin Hoods, 7 Mobs, several Handkerchiefs, and other Things, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Sheppard 
                        




                      
                  , in the House
             of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Lingard 
               



            , the 19th of November
 last.


                  Ann 
                  Sheppard 
               



            . The Goods were left in the Kitchin Window in Mrs. Lingard's House. A Pane of Glass was taken out of the Window, and the Goods carried off, and I advertiz'd 'em, and Mr. Cook, the Constable, brought 'em to me.


                  Daniel 
                  Blunt 
               



            . As we were searching the Prisoners Room (of which I gave some Account in the last Trial) I saw Paternoster have some wet Linen in his Hand, which he went to hide behind the Table. Who does that belong to? says I. Why, to my Wife, says he; these are her Headclothes. Your Wife! says I, (and took 'em from him) does your Wife wear such Linen as this? - This is the same Linen; here's 14 Pieces of 'em.


                  Edmund 
                  Cook 
               



            , Constable. On reading the Advertisement I carried this Linen to Mrs. Sheppard, who own'd it. Among other Things, I found this Diamond Pen in the Room. I suppose it is to cut Glass.
Paternoster. I was never married, and therefore could not say that the Linen was my Wife's.


                  James 
                  Ogilby 
               



            . He said then that his Wife was a Cork-cutter in the Strand.


                  Mary 
                  Ram 
               



            . She that went for his Wife liv'd near St. Clement's Church.

Prisoners. 'Tis no such thing. When we were apprehended, they took all our Clothes and Watches from us, which we can prove we bought, and honestly paid for, and therefore we hope we shall have 'em return'd to us.
The Jury found them 


               guilty to the value of 39 s.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


