





4. 
               
                  
                     Isabel 
                     Gery 
                  



               
            , of St. Clement-Danes


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Stone Seal, value 2 s. a Doll's Gold Ring, value 1 s. 2 Handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a Yard of Sattin, value 3 s. 6d. a Gause Handkerchief embroider'd with Silver, value 6 s. a Sarcenet Hood, value 1 s. and a Guinea, the Goods and Money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Par 
                        




                      
                  ; and a Gold Ring, value 10 s. 3 Shirts and one Shift, value 20 s. 4 Yards of Cloth, value 4 s. 4 Handkerchiefs, value 4 s. 15 Yards of Lace, value 10 s. an Apron, a Hood, 6 Suits of Head Clothes, and 1 pair of Ruffles, the Goods of Persons unknown, in the House of John Par
            , Sept. 21
.


                  John 
                  Par 
               



            . I am a Pawnbroker
, the Prisoner was Nurse
 to my Boy, she had been with me 4 Months, and last Saturday was 3 Weeks she went away Sick. After which there was a Quarrel betwixt her and one of her Companions; and thereupon I was inform'd that several of my Things had been seen in her Box at her Lodgings in Wild-Court. I went to a House in that Neighbourhood, and sent for her and told her she had robb'd me; she said yes, and so she had. I desired to see her Box, she open'd it, and the first Thing I saw was a Handkerchief of mine which I claim'd. Yes, says she, that is yours, and a great many more Things which you little think of. Some of the Things were my own, and the rest had been Pledged to me. There was in particular a little Doll's Gold-Ring. I asked her if she did not take a Moidore out of my Breeches as they hung up; she said no, but she tookout a Guinea - I lost in all to the value of 12 l. or 14 l. She said she took the Goods at several times at the Ware-house Door. My Ware-house is up Stairs on the same Floor with the Nursery. When a Customer comes to redeem any Thing, 'tis common for us to take the Bag in which are several sorts of Goods, and empty at the Ware-house Door to look for what we want, and when we have found it, we carry it down, and leave the rest of the Things there till we come up again; and the Prisoner took these Opportunities to steal the Goods.


                  Thomas 
                  Par 
               



            . I went with my Son John to take the Prisoner up. She own'd that the Handkerchief was his, and many more Things in the Box, and that she took the Guinea out of his Pocket.
This was confirm'd by the Mistress of the Rose-Alehouse, the Corner of Wild Passage where the Prisoner was examin'd.
She call'd several Witnesses to her Character. They depos'd they had known her some Years; that she bore an honest Character, and always behav'd her self well.
The Jury found her 


               Guilty. 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


