





337. 
               
                  
                     Owen 
                     Darby 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Gold-lac'd Man's Hat, val. 4 s from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Candy 
                        




, May 9
.
Candy. I was going home between One and Two in the Morning, in the Month of May, the 9th Day of the Month. - I live in a Habitation in Flying-Horse Court


, - just by the Waxwork Shop, between Chancery Lane and St. Dunstun's Church; and I had not got up above two Thirds of the Passage, before I found my Hat go off my Head: I made a Back-blow with my Stick, but I miss'd my Man, (else he would have felt me) and I turn'd myself round at the same Time, and saw the Prisoner run over the Way; I ran after him, and he got Ground of me, but he dropp'd my Hat, and this honest Chairman stopp'd him as he ran between the Poles of the Chairs. When I came up to him, he said, - I'faith I have name of your Hat No, says I, - but, I will carry you to the Place where you dropp'd it. That's the Man at the Bar, - for I never saw the Face of him till the Chairman took hold of his Wrist, and turn'd him about; then we carry'd him to the Watch-house, and asked him where he lodged? He told us in Rosemary-Lane. I asked him where he was going at that Time o'Night? He said, - to see a Friend at St. James's: I reply'd, - He was likely to have more Halberds than Links to attend him. - All the whole Thing was done in three Minutes.
Prisoner. I ask him, whether he had any Debate with any other Person, before he came out of the Alley?
Candy. I was not in the Court, - but in the Passage; and I saw no one Soul living, till finding my Hat go off, I struck at him by Guess, and if I had hit him, he would not have been here, for I should have pay'd him heartily, and so have dismis'd him.


                  Islmael 
                  Causter 
               



            . I was standing at the Temple Exchange Coffeehouse with my Chair, and hearing Candy cry, - Stop Thief, and seeing the Prisoner run, I clapp'd hold of his Wrist, and Candy said, - Let's lead him back, for he has dropp'd my Hat; I carry'd him five, six or seven Yards back, and found the Hat in the Kennel: Then I carry'd the Prisoner and the Hat to the Watch-house, and deliver'd the Hat to the Constable, or the Watchman, I don't know which, I am sure the Prisoner is the Man I took; for I had the Watchman's Lanthorn, and my own, to see him by, - and I was with him at the Watch-house.
Prisoner. Please to ask him, whether the Prosecutor was drunk or sober?
Couster. I can't say for that I was at Charing-Cross a little while before, and saw him ( Candy ) at the Fountain Tavern, and he was talking about having a Chair, and my Partner said, - Candy don't want a Chair, and in about half an Hour afterwards he came homewards. He said no more that Night, than he said in the Morning, nor was he so disorder'd, as to be incaple of knowing what he did.
Prisoner. Did not the Deputy-Constable tell him he was a drunken, troublesome Fellow?
Causter. There was a Dispute in the Watch-house, and a great many People crowded about, so that I could not tell positively what the Constable said.


                  Edward 
                  Lewis 
               



            , Constable. The Prisoner was brought to the Watch-house, and Candy charg'd him with taking his Hat. I was not there when he was first brought in, but Candy (I found) charged him with taking his Hat, so I sent him to Bridewell, and afterward carry'd him before a Justice. This is the Hat; I have had it ever since in my Custody. Candy had been drinking, but was not so fuddled as not to know a Man. He told me, he had been serving Copies of Writs; he walk'd as well as at other Times, but he is but a lame Walker at best.
Jury. Who is your Deputy-Constable?
Lewis. We have no Deputy-Constable: One of our Watchmen is a Staff-man in the Parish; his Name is Glover.
Jury, to Candy. What is your Business?
Candy. I am a Porter
 at Temple-Bar, and have ply'd there these fifty Years. Here's a Gentleman in Court has known me a great many Years; I have received some Thousands of Pounds at his House.
The Gentleman. I have known him 25 Years: He is a Porter at Temple-Bar, and is employ'd by Gentlemen belonging to the Temple: I never heard any Thing amiss of him, nor of his being a drunken Fellow; with regard to that, I believe he is like other Porters. *


               Guilty, 10 d
            .
 * As this was laid for privately stealing from the Person, had the Jury found the Value to have been above 1 s. it had been a Capital Offence.




[Transportation. See summary.]


