





10. 
               
                  
                     Ann
                      Drury alias 
                     
Walker




               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing twenty two Guineas, from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Baccett 
                        




, October 28
.


                  John 
                  Baccett 
               



            . On the ninth of June about Ten at Night I met two Women in Fleet-street, who asked me to give 'em a glass of Wine, I thought one of them was like a Maid who had been my Servant, but had rob'd me of a pair of Silver Spurs, for which I dismist her, and so to be satisfied I went with them to the Prisoner's House in Hind-Court in Fleet-street


, where I soon found my Mistake. However, I trea ed them with a Tiff of Punch, and after that, with another, and then they went away, and then I and my Landlady (the Prisoner) had another Tiff. I had been drinking before with a Captain on board a Ship, of which I was part Owner. - And so I fell a Sleep - When I waked I asked what was to Pay. The Prisoner said I had nothing to Pay, and that was true enough - for she had left me nothing in my Pocket ( except three Pence ) as I found when I came home. So I went to her next Day, and asked her if she knew the two Women that were in my Company over Night. No, says She, but they were merry free Girls, and you gave them a Shilling a Piece, and went out with them. I told her, I mist some Gold and a Gilt Metal Watch, and an old fashion'd Tweezer Case. She said she would endeavour to help me to 'em again So we had a Tiff of Punch, and we agreed to Advertise the Watch and Tweezer-Case, to be left at her House, with a Reward of a Guinea for the Watch, and a Crown for the Tweezer-Case. I Advertis'd accordingly, and in two or three Days went to the Prisoner's House again. And she told me a Woman had been there with the Watch, but would not leave it because I had not left the Money. Why Madam, Says I you might have laid the Money down for me, when you would have had the Goods for your Security. But however, there's a Guinea for the Watch, and a Crown for the Tweezer Case. So I left the Money and came again next Day, and had another Tiff of Punch, and then she produced the Watch. But where's the Case Madam? - What Case! is not the Watch in the Case? - Aye but the Tweezer-Case, Madam - Lord Sir, I know nothing of the Tweezer-Case - Why Madam did not I leave a Guinea for the Watch and a Crown for the Tweezer-Case? I swear Sir I thought you had meant the Watch Case, for I never read the Advertisement; but D - the Bitch, I know where she lives, and she shall never sting me so, for I'll make her bring the Case. So we parted, and when I came the next time, she told me, truly the Case was Pawn'd for a Crown, and she must have a Crown to redeem it. Why Madam this is a sort of a Bite upon me, did not I give ye a Crown for the Case! - Aye, but Sir I paid that for the Watch-Case. Nay Madam if that's the Case I am as far off as ever, tho' it has cost me three times more to get this Case than ever the Case was Worth. And with that I went away and resolv'd to go no more after it, for I thought with myself I might chance this Woman to Eternity, about my Case, and all to no purpose. However, about two Months afterwards I received 100 l. at the Bank, and paid away 75 l. of it. And going home about twelve at Night with the rest of my Money in my Pocket, and seeing the Prisoner's door open and a Woman in the Window, a Whim came into my Head to call once more for this Case, And so I goes in, and there was Madam mighty glad to see me, and wondring what was become of me, and why I did not call for my Case, Well, have ye got it now? - Aye, Sir, but shall we not drink first - With all my Heart, let's have a Tiff of punch. So the Punch was brought, and then she bid her Maid fetch the Case, but the Maid told her it was too late. Upon this I gave Madam half a Guinea to Change. I can't change it says she, but shan't we have t'other Tiff. I answer'd No she replied, yes but we will, and I'll join with ye. I was not forward to join with her, but, she brought in another Tiff. I tasted it and told her it was to strong, for it was almost all Brandy. She said she loved it so, for if it was not Stiff it would give her the Cholic. Then I ask'd her for my Change, and she said she'd fetch it; but she stay'd so long that I fell asleep, and when I waked I found her leaning over my Chair with her Hand in my Pocket I ask'd her what she meant by that? She pulled her hand away with my Gold in it and said, Here is a fine parcel of Money to carry along the streets at this time of Night. Do ye think I'll let you go out of my House with so much Gold about ye? - No - if you should fall into ill Company and lose it, you'll think you have lost it here, and then I must bear the blame, and therefore I'll take Care of it till you come again. But Madam, says I, is that a Reason for Picking my Pocket? Why Dovee, says she, do you think now that I would rob you of this Money? No, it shall be as safe as if you had it at home. I'll assure you I keep as honest a House as any in London. - One Night a Gentleman went up stairs with a Girl, and left his Gold Watch upon the Bed. I found it after he was gone, and gave him it the next time he came, and so I did by another Gentleman that left his Pocket Book with a 100 l. Bank Note in it. - Madam I'll have my Money says I, before I go, D - ye but ye shan't says she, and if you stay much longer I'll have your Watch too. - But by good luck I had left my Watch at Home. I continued telling her I would not go without my Money, she threatned to fetch them that should silence me, and so she went away and I expected some Mischief for she had told me before that she kept a Soldier to assist her when People would not conform to the Rules of the House. But in a little time she came in again by herself, and said, What, han't you made an end of your Punch yet? get you out of my House? And so she dragg'd me to the Door, and tossed my Hat and Cane after me. I was so disabled with Drinking that I could not defend my self; I made shift to get Home, but being very sick I lay a Bed all that Day. The next Day I went to her House again to enquire after my Money, and then she said I had not been within her Doors that Night. - My Tweezer-Case was sent to me after she was committed to Newgate.
Mr. Parrot. The Prosecutor told me he had got the Slut in Newgate. I went to see her there; she said she was afraid this unhappy Affair with him would be the Ruin of her. That she had sent one to offer him all his Money to make it up; and had likewise sent to a Man that keeps a little Baudy-Ken, and sells Ale in an Alley in Fleet-street, to tell him that if he did not return the Tweeser Case to the Prosecutor, she should be obliged to discover all.
Defence.


                  Jane 
                  Eccleston 
               



             The Prisoner is my Mistress. On the twenty eighth of October about twelve at Night, the Prosecutor brought a Woman into our House, and I made them two Tiffs of Punch, and when the Punch was out they went away together; he had his Hat on, and his Cane in his Hand. But all the time he was in our House, my Mistress was asleep in the Coffee-Room, and did not see him that Night, nor at any time afterwards till he came and took her up.


                  James 
                  Hill 
               



            , Watchman. Between one and two in the Morning, going up Hind Court, I found a Hat, and looking forward, I saw this Gentleman standing as if he was making Water. I asked him if he had lost his Hat, he said yes, and his Cane too. I found it and gave it him, and asked him where he lived. He said, in Nevil's Alley in Fetter Lane. I went home with him, and at parting he said, he did not know but he might be one thousand Pound the worse for that Night's Work.
Q. Was he drunk?
Hill. I leave the honourable Court to judge of that.
Q. What sort of a House does the Prisoner keep?
Hill. I cannot say as to that, for I watch without Doors and not within - I do not know of any Disturbances - in this way - once indeed the Constable was called, about a Trifling Affair of a Boy's losing two Guineas.
Q. What Reputation has the House?
Hill It is very hard for a poor Watchman to give a Character of a House-keeper.
Q. What do you mean by trifling with the Court?
Hill. Why she does keep a - Bawdy-house.


                  Rebecca 
                  Serjeant 
               



            . I live in the Country - at Ratcliff-Cross. On Friday the last of October, Boalled at the Prisoner's House, and there the Proecutor came in for a Dish of Coffee, and asked her if he did not leave twenty two Guineas with her last Night? She said no. Why then says he, I was robbed; and he wanted her to make it up, but she said she would not if it cost her Life.


                  Alphonso 
                  Gilbert 
               



             The Prosecutor said, he would not have prosecuted her if she would have given him part of his Money.


                  James 
                  Abram 
               



            , Ticket-Porter in Castle Yard. She is a very honest Gentlewoman as any in the World, she has dealt with me for Oranges and Lemons.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Burton 
               



            . I wash and nurse, and get my Bread honestly at her House, and never saw no Disorders.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Pearson 
               



            . I live opposite to her, and she always lived very quiet and sedate, and orderly.


                  William 
                  Loveday 
               



            . I live within one Door of her, and occupy a Chandler's Shop, and she paid me honestly for what she wanted.


                  Mary 
                  Menick 
               



            . I live at the Corner of Gray's Inn lane, and three or four Years ago I took a great deal of her Money for Brandy, and Rum, and Oyl, and Soap, and Vinegar.
Mr. Langford, Constable. She keeps a common notorious Bawdy-house.
Prisoner. Have you ever seen any such Disorders there?
Langford. I speak the common Report; you would not have me say that I made it a Bawdy-house.
The Jury found her 


               guilty to the value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


