





3. 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Lucas 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 1 piece of Worsted Cambletee, value 21 s. the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Delahaze 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop privately
            , September 21
.


                  Charles 
                  Delahaze 
               



            . About 4 o'Clock on Saturday in the Afternoon, as I was smoaking my Pipe at an opposite Neighbour's Door, when I saw the Prisoner and another Woman go into my Shop, the Indian Queen in Crispin-street


; and by and by they came out again, and the Prisoner went up an Entry, and the other Woman went another way.


                  Susan 
                  Delahaze 
               



            . I and my Daughter were in the Shop. The Prisoner and another Woman came in, and asked for some Cambletee for a Gown: We agreed for a Shilling a Yard, and then the Prisoner bid me cut off 12 Yards, which I did. Then she felt a good while in her Bosom with her left Hand for her Money, and the same time fumbled under her Apron with her right Hand. I suppose she was hiding the piece of Cambletee. Then she said she had left her Purse at home; and so she laid down half a Crown earnest, and said she would go home for her Purse and come again presently; but as she and her Companion were going out at the Door I mist the piece of Cambletee ; the other Woman run up the Street, and the Prisoner into an Entry; I follow'd her, and brought her back, she said she had got nothing, but the piece was afterwards found in that Entry.


                  Susan 
                  Everton 
               



            . As I was going to wash our Entry, I found this piece of Stuff behind our half Door; and hearing that the Prosecutor had lost such a piece, I carried it to his House, and delivered it to the Constable who was there.


                  Joseph 
                  Brown 
               



            . I examin'd the Prisoner , she said she did not take it out of the Shop , but that the other Woman took it; and that if I went into the Entry perhaps I might find it. But it was brought in by Susan Everton about an Hour after it was lost.
The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


