





27. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Owen 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rolls 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing 16 s. 9 d. Half-penny, August 18
 in the Night
            .


                  Jane 
                  Rolls 
               



            . On the 18th of August, between the Hours of One and Three in the Morning the Hinges were taken off the Back Door of my Shop, the Door flung down in the Alley, my Till was broke open, and 16 s. and 9 d. Half-penny taken out of it, and a Bottle of Gin from behind the Compter. - I found this Buckle in my Shop, I knew it belong'd to the Prisoner, for he work'd at the Stables in the neighbourhood and used to drink at my House, and sometimes he would buckle up his Shoes there, which made me take Notice of his Buckles; and besides he had made his Brags of what he had done, and so I had him taken up and carry'd before Alderman Brocas, where he confessed that he and two more broke my House open and took my Money.


                  Francis 
                  Hulls 
               



            , Watchman, depos'd, That he found the Door off the Hinges between 1 and 2 in the Morning. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bolton 
               



             the Bellman depos'd, That he and the Constable took the Prisoner near Cripplegate, and he confessed the Fact.
His Confession before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brocas 
               



             was proved and read in Court: He therein owns that himself, 
               
                  James 
                  Smith 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Panton 
               



            , on Sunday Morning the 30th of November before Day-Light, broke open the House of 
               
                  William 
                  Rolls 
               



             in the Parish of St. Giles's without Cripplegate


, and stole some Money and a Quart Bottle of distill'd Liquors.
The Jury 


               acquitted him of the Burglary, and found him guilty of the Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


