






10 11. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Jordan 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Bowen 
                  



                
             of St. Mary, Whitechapel



, were indicted, Jordan for 


               stealing a Cambrick Handkerchief value 3s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Sparkes 
                  



                
            , January the 1st, in the 8th Year of of his Majesty's Reign

: And Elizabeth Bowen, 


               for receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            , the 11th of December

 last.
Mary Sparkes. About 12 Months ago, the Prisoner Jordan lived with me, and while I was gone to my Aunts to Breakfast, she took the Handkerchief out of my Draws. I taxed her with it, and she denied it: So I troubled my Head no more about it; 'till I accidentally heard Mrs. Bowen had got it. I went to her House, and she shewed me the Handkerchief: I told her it was mine; she said she had it 12 Years, and I must prove it to be mine. or I should suffer for it. I got a Warrant for her, and Jordan, and Bowen produced a different Handkerchief, from what I saw first. Jordan own'd she took it, and sold it Bowen, for 2s. 6d. in exchange for a Gown, and was to give her 1s. 8d. in Money.
Council. Did you miss it while Jordan liv'd with you?
Sparkes. Yes, and charg'd her with it.
Council. How long was it, from the time you lost it, to the time you saw it again?
Sparkes. I saw it no more, 'till the Morning I took out the Warrant for them.
Mary Barret: I went with Mrs. Sparkes, to enquire about her Handkerchief: Mrs. Bowen shewed her the right, at first; but when we went again, she produced another. Jordan owned, she was to give Bowen the Handkerchief, and 1 s. 6 d. for a Gown.


                  Rachel 
                  Haddock 
               



            . I heard Jordan tell Bowen, she had got such a Thing in pawn, and Bowen said, she would give her half a Crown for it.
Several Witnesses appearing to Bowen's Character, she was 

               acquitted
            ; and Jordan found 


               Guilty, to the value of 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


