






20. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Chamberlain 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 7 Shirts, val. 20 s. a dimitty Waistcoat, val. 5 s. a Pair of thread Stockings, val. 1 s. and 8 Pieces of silk Scarves, val. 4 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Davis 
                  



                
            , Clerk
. Sept. 27

.
He was a second Time indicted for 


               stealing 4 Linnen Aprons, value 5 s. six Linnen Handkerchiefs, val. 3 s. a pair of Linnen Pockets, value 6 d. and 4 pair of Linnen Ruffles, val. 18 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Bennet 
                  



                
            . Sept. 26

.
Tho. Davis. I live in the Tower of London



. On Monday the 25th of September I went to my Burean, in my Chamber, and open'd it (as usual) to take a Guinea out of a Purse, which contain'd 7 Guineas, and a mourning Ring, but it was gone; somebody had taken it away. The next Day I miss'd 9 Shirts, a dimitty Waistcoat, 3 Scarves, - 3 or 4. Three Handkerchiefs, and (I think) a pair of Stockings. Mrs. Bennet having been robbed likewise, and the Prisoner having her Goods, it was suspected that he had got mine; and Endeavours were used to bring him to Confession. At last this Corporal, (
               
                  John 
                  Alexander 
               



            ) brought me 7 of my Shirts, the dimitty Waistcoat, and the Scarves. After these Things were deliver'd to me, I went to the Prisoner, in the Black Hole, and desired to know where my Money was? His Answer was, that he had given his Wife Orders to deliver all, and it she would come to him, he would endeavour to find the rest of my Goods.


                  John 
                  Alexander 
               



            . I went to the Prisoner after he was taken up, to ask him, if he knew any thing of Mr. Davis's Things? At first he said he did not: but at last he sent me to fetch his Wife to him. She came, and I went back with her to her Lodging, and she deliver'd me all the Things mention'd in Mr. Davis's Indictment, by the Prisoner's Order. He order'd her in my Presence to let me go with her, and to deliver me the Things. These are what she deliver'd to me.
Mr. Davis. These are all mine.


                  Hannah 
                  Bennet 
               



            . I was robb'd on the 26th of September of some small Linnen, (mention'd in the Indictment) which hung upon the Lines in a Summer-house, upon the Ramparts of the Tower. A Window-shutter was taken off, and all my Things were gone.


                  Robert 
                  White 
               



            . I mounted Guard at the Tower on the 26th of September. The Prisoner came on Duty about One o'Clock, and went off without Leave about 3 in the Afternoon. Upon which I return'd him to the Officer. About 11 at Night, the Robbery of Mrs. Bennet was found out; and about that Time he came on Duty, and being suspected, I disarm'd him and took him Prisoner, and found a great many Things that Mrs. Bennet swore to, in his Pockets. Then I took him before the Officers, and he own'd that he clapp'd one Foot against the Wall, and the other against the House, so got up, and wrench'd open the Window with his Bayonet; but he begg'd the Officers would not bring him to Trial for the Fact. I can swear I deliver'd Mrs. Bennet the same Things, I took out of his Pockets.
Mrs. Bennet. And I swear they are all mine.
Prisoner. I lay down to sleep on the Guard-Bed, and don't know how the Things came into my Pocket. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


