






14 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Pope 
                  



                
             of St. Andrew's Holbourn


 was indicted for 


               privately stealing one Bell Mettle Mortar, weighing 100 lb. value 5 l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Goleburn 
                  



                
            , January 5.

 And

15 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Whitehead 
                  



                
             of St. Andrew Holborn


 was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            , January 5

.


                  William 
                  Goleburn 
               



            . The 5th of January last, my Mortar was stole out of my Shop: I am an Apothecary
, and live in Leather-Lane



; I cannot say, of my own knowledge, who stole it.


                  Nathan 
                  Cockran 
               



            . 
               
                  Francis 
                  Pope 
               



             and I went to Mr. Goleburn's House the 5th of January, between 6 and 7 in the Evening: We open'd the half Hatch, and I went in and took the Mortar: I carry'd it home to my Room, and sold it to Whitehead for 37 Shillings. Pope said it was Brass; I said it was Iron, but it proved Brass, and we sold it the Prisoner, Whitehead. She always bought what we stole; she liv'd in George-Alley, at Fleet-Ditch



. When I had got out of the Shop, Pope lifted it up upon my Back.
- Partridge. I was at Home one Evening and Cockran came to my House, and asked me where Whitehead liv'd; if I would fetch her, he said he would satisfy me. I fetched her, and he shew'd her the Mortar: He asked her, if she could help him to dispose of it; she said she could, and went out to enquire for a Chap: She returned and said, if he would bring the Mortar, she had found one that would buy it. Whitehead and I carried it to one Mrs. Peaton's: She bought it; what she gave for it, I don't know, but Whitehead received the Money, and gave it Pope and Cockran.
Q. Did she receive it, and dispose of it as stolen Goods?
Partridge. Yes.
Q. Do you know any thing of her?
Partridge. I know no ill of her.
Q. Why, is not receiving stolen Goods, a Crime? You are on your Oath: Was she not a Receiver of stolen Goods?
Partridge. Yes. She paid Pope for this Mortar, in Black-Boy-Alley in Chick-Lane. The Prisoners had nothing material to say in their Defence. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
             each.





[Transportation. See summary.]


