





9 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wetherhead 
                  



               
            , of St. Mary, Whitechapel


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Silver Watch, value 3l. 3s. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Smith 
                        




, on the 17th of December
 last.
Alexander Smith. Coming out of Good-men's-Fields Play-House


, the 17th of December: The Prisoner, and 3 more of his Assistants, came up to me; the Prisoner struck me violently on the Stomach, and immediately clapt his Hand to my Watch, and drew it out; when he had got the Watch, he attempted to take my Money: I had a Purse in my Pocket, with 12 Guineas and a half in it, and a 5 Moidore Piece; he try'd to get it, but I stop'd him before he could get it out. I seized his Hand, and the Watch was then in it, and cryed out Robbery, and the Gentlemen, who was in Company with me, came to my Assistance; and we carry'd the Prisoner to Mr. Huddy's Tavern; there I would have him stripp'd, but did not find my Watch upon him. As soon as he had got his Clothes on again, he made his Escape, but was retaken presently.



                  Philip 
                  Huddy 
               



            . Capt. Smith brought the Prisoner that Night, into my Kitchen, (assisted by his Friend) and charged him with the Fact. They searched him, and found nothing upon him; I said it was not usual for these Fellows, to keep what they steal in such a way, about them; and would have had 3 Men searched, who followed them into the Kitchin at some Distance, but they slipp'd off. and presently after the Prisoner took an Opportunity to cape; but being pursu'd, he was taken, and brought back; then he begg'd for Pity, and cry'd; but all of a sudden, he changed his Note - And said who dared detain him without a Peace Officer? - And fell to fighting, and laying about him in a desperate Manner, and would have made his Escape, if I had not seized him by the Collar, and detained him. Presently after this, a Man, who sometimes plies as a Porter for me, came, and desired to speak with me; he told me, he had found the Gentleman's Watch: The Captain described the Watch to me; and the Place were the Fellow found it, answers to the Account, the Captain gave of his losing it.


                  Kemp 
                  Outoloni 
               



            , was with Mr. Smith, at the Play-House, and confirm'd his Evidence.


                  Richard 
                  Heatly 
               



            . On Wednesday the 17th of December, standing at the Play-house Door, I heard an Out-cry, - stop Thief; I cross'd the Way with a lighted Link, and met the Prisoner; he made a full Stop, and fell down: Mr. Huddy's Drawer took him. I went with him to the Tavern. and returning from thence to the Play-house, about two or three Yards from the Play-house-Door: I took up this Watch, carried it to Mr. Huddy's, and Mr. Smith owned it.
 Nothing material being offered by the Prisoner in his Defence, the Jury found him 


               guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


