






7. 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Cook 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the House of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Allen 
                        



                      
                  , in the Parish of St. Stephen Wallbrook, between the Hours of 1 and 3 in the Night, and stealing twelve linnen Table-cloths, value 3 l. twelve linnen Napkins, value 12 s. four white linnen Aprons, value 10 s. three Cambrick Handkerchiefs, value 4 s. three Muslin Handkerchiefs, value 4 s. two Muslin Hoods, value 22 d. eight coarse Towels, value 4 s. six Silver Tea-spoons, value 10 s. one Silver Tea-strainer, value 6 s the Goods of 
                     
                        Hannah 
                        Allen 
                     



                  ; and 18 pair of black Silk Stockings, value 9 l. six pair of white Silk Stockings, value 3 l. 25 yards of white Silk Tabby, value 4 l. 22 yards of grey Silk Tabby, value 4 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Satchwell 
                        



                      
                  ; and four Guineas, the Money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Davis 
                        



                      
                  , in the Dwelling-house of Hannah Allen
            , Octob. 21

. And,
8. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Carter 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               receiving 11 Napkins, 4 Aprons, and 4 Towels, part of the said Goods of Hannah Allen, and I pair of Silk Stockings, and 25 yards of Tabby, part of the Goods of William Satchwell, she well knowing them to be stole
            , October 21

.
Mrs. Allen. I live in Buckler's-bury



; the 22d of October my House was broke open, between 1 and 3 in the Night, and I was robb'd of the Things mention'd in the Indictment; the Watchman knock'd us up, because he found the Door opens The Prisoner had been my Servant; I keep a Tavern
, and he was my Errand-boy
. I lost a dozen of Table-cloths, a dozen of Napkins, 6 Handkerchiefs, Cambrick and Muslin, 6 gilt Tea-spoons and a Strainer, a Velvet Hood, and a Scarlet Cloth Cloak, and 4 Aprons. The Linnen was in a Place that was like a Seat, to sit upon, and I believe they could not have been found, but by Some-body that knew the House. He had been gone away from me 3 Weeks or a Month before I was robb'd. The Goods were advertis'd the next Day, and the Prisoner was taken up on Suspicion, and carry'd before Justice Midford, where he confess'd the Fact. He was ask'd to sign his Confession, but he refus'd to do that. The Substance of it was, that he and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Williams 
               



            , and another, (whose Name I have forgot) came in through the Window; that the Pin not being fast, he took it out, and then threw up the Sash; that they then got into the House, and took the Goods, which they carry'd to several Persons Houses, who knew them to be stole. I employ'd the Constable only in the Affair, and he brought me some of my Linnen again. The Whole of it, I believe, is mine, but Part of it I can positively swear to.


                  Hen 
                  Mold 
               



            , Constable. On the First of November, or the latter end of October, I found the Prisoner at a naughty House in the Cole-yard in St. Giles's. I brought him away, but he would not speak 'till I got him to my House. I ask'd him if he knew 
               
                  Dick 
                  Williams 
               



            ? He shook his Head, and said, yes, I know him to my Sorrow; 'tis he that has brought me to all this; and he desir'd me to go back to the House where I took him, for he was sure that Williams and Humphries would come there. I went there to look for them, but one 
               
                  Sue 
                  Chapman 
               



             had given them Notice to get out of the Way. The Prisoner inform'd me, that his Companions were to be paid for the Goods that were dispos'd of at one Harbin's in Leicester-street, by Hockley in the Hole, but they never came there for the Money, nor did we find any of the Things at Harbin's House, but he help'd us to some of the Linnen, a piece of black Tabby, and some of the Stockings again. The Prisoner Carter own'd before Justice Midford that she carry'd the Goods to Harbin, to sell for these Men.


                  John 
                  Davis 
               



             gave an Account, that he was Mrs. Allen's Drawer, and that the Windows and Doors were fast over Night; that he lost 4 Guineas, some Silver, and 18 d. in Half-pence, out of a Cupboard which was nail'd up in the Yard, and likewise a pair of Pumps. That the Prisoner confess'd he got thro' the Window, and broke open the Cupboard, and had pawn'd the Pumps.


                  William 
                  Satchwell 
               



            . I left two dozen of Silk Stockings, and two pieces of Tabby at Mrs. Allen's, which she inform'd me were stole with her Goods. I believe these to be the same which I lost.
Hen. Mold. The Prisoner told me, that if it had not been for him, his two Companions would have murder'd the Maids, and the Mistress too.
Harbin. The Goods were brought to Sue Chapman's House, and there I saw them. The Prisoner Carter brought them from thence to my House, and desir'd me to dispose of them. I was to get what I could for them, and was to be paid for my Trouble. The two Prisoners, and Williams and Humphries, coming daily after me for the Money, I got one Mrs. Stokes, who is run away, to help to sell them. I receiv'd 4 l. from her, and gave the two Prisoners some part of the Money; some part I kept my self, and 5 s. Stokes had for her Trouble. I ask'd the Prisoner Cook how he came by the Goods, and he told me they were safe enough, for they got them 10 Miles off. The Monday after Lord Mayor's Day, Cook and Williams, and Humphries were quarrelling at an Alehouse, and Cook said if they had not been Fools, they might have gone up Stairs, and have got 150 l. One of them reply'd, we should then have disturb'd them, upon which Cook said, if they had made any Noise, we would have blown all their Brains out. I dispos'd of the Spoons, and the Prisoner had his Share of the Money at the Black-Bull upon Saffron Hill.
Prisoner Carter. Ask him how he can have the Assurance to say the Goods were brought to my Room without his Knowledge? He and Sue Chapman brought them to me, to look at, and I fastned my Door with the Poker.


                  Tho.
                   Morris
               



             gave much the same Account with 
               
                  John 
                  Davis 
               



            .
The Jury 

               acquitted
             Carter, and found Cook 


               guilty of Felony only, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


