





10. 
               
                  
                     Lambert 
                     Hammond 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Pair of Brass moulding Flasks, value 6 s. a copper Boiling-pan, val. 24 s. a mourning Sword, val. 12 d. a 10 lb. Brass Weight, value 10 s. and a brass straining Weight, val. 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Knelms 
                  




                
            . Sept. 8
.
Mr. Knelms. The Prisoner was my Servant
, and went on Errands, and open'd and shut Shop. I lost a copper Boiling-pan, in August last, and the Beginning of September I tax'd him with it; he own'd he took it, and made no Excuse.
Prisoner. My Master has entrusted me several Times with considerable Sums of Money.
Mr. Knelms. I had a good Character of him, when I took him, - only I heard he was a little light-finger'd, in such Things as a little Tea, &c. But he confess'd all the Things in the Indictment, and by his Direction we found them at the Pawnbrokers.


                  Edward 
                  Ryland 
               



            , Constable, depos'd, the Prisoner, when he took Charge of him, own'd he took all the Things mention'd in the Indictment, and told where he had pawn'd them.
Prisoner. My Master told me, if I would confess, I should go about my Business.
Mr. Knelms. I promis'd I would be favourable; but my Meaning was, that I would save him from being hang'd.


                  Tho 
                  Harrison 
               



             swore the Prisoner brought one of the Weights, the Boiler, and the Flasks, to him to pawn, and was positive he was the Man. The Court reprehended the Pawnbroker for taking in such Things from the Prisoner, and he, in Excuse of himself said, the Prisoner had used the Shop before, and he thought the Goods were his own. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


