





22.* 
               
                  Mary 
                  Tomlin 
               



            , of St. Bartholomew the Great


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the House of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Seagood 
                        




                      
                   in the Day-time, he and others being then therein, and stealing a Silk Gown, val. 40 s. a laced Cambrick Head and Ruffles, val. 25 s. and a Hat val. 5 s. and other Things, the Goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Seagood 
                     



, July 27
.
* Mary Tomlin was try'd last Sessions. Vid. Sessions-Paper, Numb. 6. p. 171.
Henry Seagood, I live in Little Bartholomew-Close


. On the 27th of July, between 11 and 12 at Noon. I left the Sash of my Ground-room next the Yard shut, and my Goods lock'd up in my Drawers; but returning in a Quarter of an Hour, I found my Sash pull'd down, my Locks broke, the Drawers upon the Floor, and that Apparel and Linen had been taken away, to the value of 15 l. A Girl told me that she saw a Creature in the Yard with a Bundle, and asked her what she did there? And the Creature said, What's that to you, ye Bitch, or some such Words. The Girl shew'd us which Way she went, and we follow'd, and found her in Long-lane.


                  Mary 
                  Pagl 
               



            . I sell Old-Cloaths. The Prisoner asked me if I'd buy any old Gowns; and with that she threw down a Bundle with these 4 rich Gowns in it, and these laced Head-cloths and Ruffles. She asked 3 s. 6 d. for the Head, and 2 d. for the Russels. I told her, I was afraid she did not come honestly by them, and then stepping out to call a Neighbour, she run down Seacoal-lane.


                  Eliz 
                  Drake 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner in the Prosecutor's Yard behind his Door. What do ye do there? says I. What's that to you, 
               
                  ye Drapgaiiows 
                  Toad 
               



            , says she, and so she went off. The Jury found her 


               guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


