





1. 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Sealy 
                  



               
            , of St. Martins Ludgate


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Velvet Manteel, value 40s. and one Yard of Velvet, value 12s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Barnard 
                     Townsend 
                  




                
            , November 3
.
B. Townsend. I was not at home when the Goods were lost; but hearing of it afterwards, an Advertisement was put in the Papers, by which means, I was informed that the Prisoner lodg'd at Mrs. Howard's, a Coffee-House, in Bell-Savage Yard. I went thither on the 11th of November, and found the Prisoner. I ask'd her, If she was not at my Shop about a Week before to buy Half a Yard of Muslin? She said, Yes. And did you not, says I, take away a Manteel, and a Piece of Velvet? She answered, Yes; and she said, she had made the Velvet into a Hood.


                  Milliscent 
                  Nicholas 
               



            . I was in Mr. Townsend's Shop when the Prisoner came in. It was the 3d of November, in the Evening. She ask'd to see some Muslin; I order'd Candles to be brought, and then shew'd her some. She wanted Half a Yard, and whilst we were disputing about the Price, another Customer came in, and while I turn'd my back to serve her, I suppose the Prisoner took away the Goods: For the Manteel with a Bill of Parcels pinn'd up in it, lay ready for a Gentleman who had bespoke it, and a Person coming to fetch it, in about Half an Hour after the Prisoner was gone, I miss'd both that, and a Piece of Velvet of about a Yard with a Slope on it. I suspected she had taken it, and told Mr. Townsend so when he came in. I saw her no more till Nov. 11. when she was taken at Mrs. Howard's. She readily confess'd that she took the Manteel and the Piece of Velvet out of the Shop; that she tore the Slope of the Piece of Velvet, and made it into a Hood, and that she burnt the Bill of Parcels.
Prisoner. I don't know what I confess'd; they came on me by Surprize. I own I had the Goods, but they were sent me from the Bath. Are you sure it was I that came to cheapen Muslin?
M. Nicholas. Yes.
Prisoner. What Cloaths had I on?
M. Nicholas. A short Mob and a wash'd Gown; you was clean dress'd, and looked like a tight Girl.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Howard 
               



            . The Prisoner came to me as a Lodger November 4. and gave me these Things in security for her Lodging till her Uncle came to Town.
The Constable confirm'd the Prisoner's Confession, and the Jury found her 


               Guilty to the value of 4s. 10d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


