






55, 56. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Cook 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bartlet 
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a silver Watch, value 30 s. 2 half Guineas, and 30 s. the Goods and Money of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Mason 
                        




                      
                  , in the House of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Gale 
                     



, Aug. 5
.
Edward Mason. On the 5th of August, between 2 and 3 in the Morning, I happen'd to be in Liquor, and as I was going along Fleet-street, I was pick'd up by what we may call - not a Woman, I suppose - but - a Mistress of the Town, and I was taken into Sword and Hanging-Alley, or Hanging and Sword Alley, or some such a cramp sort of a Place.
Court. What happen'd after you were carry'd into this Alley?
Mason. Carry'd? - No, have a care of that, I was not so drunk as that came to neither - I was not carried - I walk'd or as a Body may say, I was conducted, by this Woman, as I took her to be; but I can't be positive what she was, Because I did not examine her, and I would not swear to a Thing that I was not sure of.
Court. Was it either of the Prisoners?
Mason. No; no, it was none of the Prisoners - But I was conducted up into a Room where I found the Prisoners. We had 2 or 3 Quarterns of Cherry-brandy, and other Liquors to the Quantity of 2 or 3 Shillings. Then they persuaded me to go to Bed, because they saw me in Liquor; and so I began to strip, and in the first Place the Shoes - Aye, I suppose the Shoes must come off first; and then to be sure the Breeches must come next, and the Breeches I laid upon the Table, and then -
Court. You went to Bed?
Mason. No; I don't suppose I went to Bed - But I was making Preparations to go to Bed, and so far is right. And when I had laid my Breeches upon the Table, the Prisoner, Betty Cook, snatches them up, and runs down Stairs with them. I cry'd out, Stop Thief ! my Breeches! my Breeches! she has got my Breeches, and all that I have - And indeed it was all that I had at that time.
Court. All that you had?
Mason. That is, all that I had in my Breeches, when my Breeches were off - Take me right - I don't say t'other and all - No, no - that was all safe.
Court. What did you lose?
Mason. My Watch, and two half Guineas, and 30 s. may I believe I could swear to a Guinea more, for I had 4 or 5 l. not long before I met the Woman, and I had been in no other Company that Night.
Court. Where did you get fuddled?
Mason. At the Tavern along with some Friends.
Court. Then you were in Company?
Mason. Yes; in Company with Men, but with none of the other female Sex, that was what I meant, for I was not so drunk as not to know one from t'other - I left my Friends at a Tavern upon Fleet-street-hill, and at several other Places, and I had my Money and Watch then, and that was not much above half an Hour before I lost my Breeches
Court. Did you follow the Prisoner Cook when she went away with your Breeches?
Mason. No; the other Prisoner Bartlett bolted the Door, and would not let me run after my Breeches.
Court. Was the Bolt within side the Room where you were?
Mason. Yes.
Court. And could not you open it then?
Mason. I might have done to, but if I had where should I have found my Breeches?
Court. Did you ever get your Breeches again?
Mason. Yes? a Man brought them to me afterwards, but there was nothing in them except this Rule.
Court. When you were so drunk as you say, could you take so much notice of Cook as to know her again, and especially as you had been such a little while in her Company?
Mason. Yes; for I'll tell you what - It's just like as when a Man was frighted, his Senses strike quicker than ordinary at such a Time.
Court. That's a new Piece of Philosophy.
Prisoner Cook. Did I bring you into the, House?
Mason. No; but you took my Breeche that I'll swear, and I was not over and above drunk neither, for I remember that you were brought out of the Bed, and had no Stockings on, because as I have heard since, you were famous for slight of Hand - And I found you again, about a 11 a Clock, the same Morning, with the Watch upon you - No, that's a Mistake, for you were upon the Watch.


                  Francis 
                  Skelborn 
               



            , Constable of St. Brides. The Prosecutor told me, that he had lost his Breeches in Gale's House, in Hanging-Sword-Alley


, upon which I took up the Landlady, and Bartlett, the Girl, and carry'd them before Alderman Brocas, and soon afterwards I heard that Cook was at another House in the same Alley. I went and thither and found her upon a Bed. As soon as we came in, I perceived her take something off the Bed, and put it in a Chair, and then she sat down upon it. She desired us to go out a little, because she wanted to make some necessary Occasion. You Saucy Toad, says I, get up! and then we found the Prosecutor's Watch under her. I carry'd her to the Bull-Head, and there she was so outrageous, that she swore, and damn'd, and broke all the Windows, and we were forced to send for a pair of Handcuffs from the Compter, before we could manage her - At last she offered the Prosecutor 18 s. to make the Matter up.


                  Robert 
                  Misset 
               



            . I went with the Prosecutor and Constable to Cook's Room. The Prosecutor said, That's the Woman. She got into the Chair, and said she wanted to make Water - I swear to the Words Verbatim, and I took the Watch from the left side of her Buttock - Yes, I say, her Buttock, for I think that is a proper Word.
Prisoner Cook. She that carry'd the Prosecutor into the House, was more likely to rob him than I.
Court. But how came the Watch in your Possession?
Cook. The Woman that pick'd him up, was a little Woman big with Child, and her Husband brought the Watch to me, and desired me to Pledge it for him.
The Jury 

               acquitted
             Mary Bartlett, and found Elizabeth Cook, 


               guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


