





15. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Raven 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing an Iron Rail, value 2 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Arabella 
                     Scattergood 
                  




                
            , March 22
.


                  William 
                  James 
               



            . This Bar fell in the Airey, and alarmed me and the Watch.


                  James 
                  Fenning 
               



            . I am Watchman in Cavendish Square. As I was standing in my Watch-box between 2 and 3 in the Morning, I heard the fall of an Iron Rail, and running out I saw the Prisoner coming from the Steps at Madam Scattergood's Door with a Bar in his Hand. As soon as he perceiv'd me, he took to his Heels, and I ran after him. He threw away the Bar, and ran by the Duke of Argyle's down King-street; I cry'd out, stop Thief, he got past the first Watch, but was stopt by another Watch, and he was not out of my Sight till he was taken. The Moon was up, but it was a little cloudy, though not so much but I could see him.


                  Jonathan 
                  Dickenson 
               



            , Watchman. As I called Two o'Clock in Marlborough-street, I found a Bar of some Pallisades bent, and looking farther I found another in the same Condition. Upon this I thought there was some Roguery going forward; so I planted my Lanthern in the middle of Blenheim-street, that my Inhabitants might see I was upon my Duty, and then I went aside and stood upon the Watch, and presently I heard a cry of stop Thief. Says I to my Brother Watch, do you go down Tyler-street, and I'll go down Little Marlborough-street, and so we did. I met the Prisoner running with his drawn Sword (for he is a Soldier) and I knocked him down. My Liberty has lately been very much robbed, which is a sign that it is pestered with Rogues; I have lost a great deal of ron and Lead - not that it was my own, but my inhabitants; and as several Attempts have been made, they had lost a great deal more if it had not been for the Care of the Watch, which is a Sign that the Watch have not neglected their Duty; and if the Watch should sink, by consequence my Inhabitants cannot stand. And therefore, pray, my Lord, stand by the Watch whatever you do, or else my People will be undone; they will be robbed, and have their Throats cut, and their Houses burnt about their Ears. The Prisoner has threatened to be even with the Watch, but he did not say which of them; therefore, I hope, the Watch will be protected. When I knocked the Prisoner down, he reeled six Yards before he sell, and then he said I had killed him.
Luke - Watchman. I heard a cry of stop Thief, and met the Prisoner running with his drawn Sword; I made a blow at him, but he put it by with his Sword; I called out to 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Dickenson 
               



            , who knocked him down. The Prisoner was upon Guard, and had his Accoutrements on. I found this Chissel in his Cartridge Box. The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


