





155. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Grimson , alias 
Grimshaw




               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ridley 
                        




                      
                  , about Eight at Night, and stealing a Cloth Coat, a Cloth Waistcoat, a Pair of Buck skin Breeches, five Shirts, five Guineas, four Half Guineas, and twelve Pounds thirteen Shillings in Money, the Property of the said Bridley, in his Dwelling House
            , Feb. 8
.
John Ridley. My House was broke open the 5th of February. I keep Coaches, and there is a Stable joins to my House, and a Door in the Stable, that goes up Stairs to my Chamber. This Door in the Stable must be broke first, and then the Chamber-Door. I went out in the Morning about Nine o'Clock, and left the Prisoner in the Stable, for he used to help me about my Coaches, and I did not come home 'till between Nine and Ten at Night. I am sure I locked the Chamber Door, for I called him up and gave him a Glass of Brandy, before I went out, and he saw me lock the Door when I came out. But when I came home, I found the Door broke, and this Iron was left in my Room, which Mr. Johnson in Grays-Inn Lane proved to be the Prisoner's, and the Prisoner owned Mr. Johnson gave it him. I lost seven Shirts, a Cloth Frock, a Cloth Waistcoat, a Pair of Buck-skin Breeches, and 20 l. in Money. I am positive I had all these Things in the Chamber on Saturday Night, and no one else had been in the Room from that Time to the Time I came home, and found I was robbed. When the Prisoner was taken, one of my Shirts was upon his Back, and he owned it was mine. He deny'd his taking any thing else, at first, but afterwards, when he found I was about to search his Lodging, he confessed his taking every thing, but the Money; and he acknowledged that he he forced open the Door in the Stable with this Iron.
Prisoner. Were all the Things you found in my Custody your's?
Ridley. Yes: - The Shirts were all numbered and marked with I. R. They are in the Constable's Possession, but he could not be here.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Basiere 
               



            . The Prisoner lodged in my House, a Week and two Days; and two Days before he was taken up, he desired me to tye up four Shirts in a Napkin for him, and put them in a Chest which stood in his Chamber, which I did, without looking for any Marks, either good or bad; and seeing a Coat, Waistcoat and Breeches upon his Bed, I put them in likewise. I can't tell whether he had these Things when he came to my House at first, nor did I know what Linnen he had; but three of the Shirts, and the Breeches, were found there, which Mr. Ridley owned, when he searched his Room, and one of the Shirts was upon his (the Prisoner's) Back, but the Coat and the Waistcoat were gone I was present when Ridley searched, and he carry'd the Things he claimed before the Justice. During the Time the Prisoner lived at my House, he used to go out in the Morning, and come home at Night to Bed. I never saw him but twice in his Room, and I know nothing of his Character. A Coachman brought him to me, as an honest Man, and he behaved as such, to the best of my Knowledge.
Bury. Did he break the Door in the Stable, or the Chamber Door with that Iron?
Ridley. He broke the Door in the Stable first, and then the Chamber Door. The Stable Door was a strong Door, but he bent the Staple of the Door back, and then forced open the Chamber Door, which he saw me lock; 'twas a Stock-lock, and a very good one: When he came out, (I apprehend ) he came thro' the Coach-house, which was fastened on the Inside with a wooden Pin; for those Doors were left open, and the Pin was gone.
Prisoner. The Shirts were, - all my own, - every one, - all my own, and the Breeches too. I bought the Breeches in Monmouth-street, and the Shirts in Rag-fair, but nobody was with me when I bought them. 


               Acquitted of the Burglary*, Guilty of the Felony
            .
* Burglary is breaking into an House in the Night, with a Felonious Intent. In Law, 'tis Night when one Person's Face cannot be distinguished from another; Now, although the Prisoner confessed he broke open the Door, he did not in his Confession own at what time it was; and as the Prosecutor was out in the Morning the Offence charged as Burglary might have been committed before Night.




[Transportation. See summary.]


