





484. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Turner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Silver Watch, val. 5 l. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Woodall 
                        




, Aug. 19
.
Woodall. I am a Pipe-borer
 to the New River Company. I was coming home from Work about Ten o'Clock at Night, on the 19th of August, and the Prisoner asked me to give her a Pint of Beer; I told her I would spend my three Halfpence with her, and she carried me to a private House, a Ginhouse in Love-Court, in George-Alley


, between Shoe-Lane and the New Market. We had two Quarterns of Gin, and I staid with her about Half an Hour. I had my Watch at a Quarter past Ten, and miss'd it before she went down Stairs. We had been pretty near together, and I felt her pluck something out of my Pocket, but I could not tell what it was: As soon as I miss'd it, I ran down Stairs after the Prisoner, and met a Woman upon the Stairs, and she blew the Candle out, to prevent my following her; but I pursu'd her, and found her out; and took her last Friday, but she would confess nothing, and I have never seen my Watch since.
Prisoner. Ask him if he did not promise to give me a Shilling?
Woodall. No: I promis'd her nothing, but she made bold to pay herself well, - for she got my Watch, and that's the Truth.
Prisoner. Ask him if there was not another Woman in Company with us.
Woodall. There was another Woman who brought the Liquor, but she only staid to drink two Glasses of Gin.


                  Ann 
                  Coome 
               



            . When this Woman was put in the Compter, I happen'd to be there myself, and I ask'd her, what she was brought in for? She told me, - for picking a Cull's Pocket of a Loge, (a Watch) three Weeks ago, which I have sold for - Money, said she.
Prisoner. This Woman is a nasty drunken Creature, and knows nothing of the Matter: 'Twas the other Woman that was in the Room with us, who took the Watch. The Man shook Hands with me when I left him, and he bid me Good-night. 


               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


