





5. 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Marlborough 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 200 weight of Lead, val. 20 s. fixed to 3 Messuages
             belonging to 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wakelin 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gillings 
                  



                
            , in the Parish of St. Paul Shadwell July 30
.


                  John 
                  Gillings 
               



            . I charge the Prisoner with taking the Lead from the top of the Houses, on Saturday Morning, the 30th, of July. Two of these Houses are empty; they stand at the lower end of Foxes lane, near Pelican-stairs, Shadwell


. I was call'd out of Bed between 2 and 3 o'Clock in the Morning, and found the Lead carried about 16 Feet from the Place where it was fixed, and just ready to be thrown down.
A Witness. I can't say any Thing to the Prisoner's taking the Lead, but hearing the Noise that Thieves were upon the Top of the House, I went up, and saw the Lead ripp'd up, and the and the Prisoner behind the Chimnies. I endeavoured to take him and he dodg'd me round the Chimnies, but at last he said, if I would not hurt him, he would surrender. The Lead was mov'd 16 or 18 Feet from the Place where it was fix'd.
Another I was on board a Ship hard by, but hearing the People say, a Thief was behind the Chimnies, I came ashore with a Staff 6 Feet long, and a Ladder being raised against the Houses, I went up, and asked the Prisoner what he did there. What's that to you says he? Come along say's I, and immediately I seized him, and brought him down. There was about 2 hundred Weight, roll'd up and carry'd to the Corner of the House, just ready to throw down.
Q. When did any of you see the Lead fix'd?
Gillings. We see it almost every Day.
Defence. I came from Shadwell Market to these Houses, and the Street being all in an Uproar, I asked what was the Matter? The People told me, that somebody was stealing Lead from the Tops of the Houses; so I went up the Ladder to help them take the Thief, and when I was upon the Top of the House, that Man came up with his Staff and knocked me down.
A Witness. I was the Man that set up the Ladder; I was the first that went up, and there was no Person upon the House but the Prisoner.
Gillings. I help'd this Man to raise the Ladder; the Prisoner never went up the Ladder. - I believe he got in at the Cellar-Window of an empty House.


                  Margaret 
                  Tyler 
               



            . I have lived 5 Years next Door to the Prisoner; he is a quiet Neighbour, and never would be Drunk, - no, never of a Sunday in all his Life, but would go to Church. As to this Affair, I know nothing of it, - the Man's a Bricklayer
 by Trade. This very Day the 29th of July, I sent him with two Rabbets to Poplar; he return'd to our House between 8 and 9 o'Clock at Night, and 'twas half an Hour past One before he left us.
Q. And what then?
Tyler. Why I never heard any ill of him in my Life.
Q. To the Prisoner. You say you are a Brick-layer, where are any of your Masters, for whom you have work'd?
Prisoner. I work'd for one 
               
                  William 
                  Killet 
               



            , a Bricklayer in Ratcliffe-Highway, but he is not here I believe. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


