






13, 14. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Newell , alias 
Black-head




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Martin , alias 
Paps-Nose




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a silver Watch, 3 Hats, 4 Caps, a Coat, a Cotton-Gown, 2 pair of Stays, 6 Shirts, 2 Linen-Frocks, 6 Aprons, 12 Handkerchiefs, a pair of Shoes, and a pair of silver Buckles, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Ketteridge 
                        



                      
                  ; and two Gowns, and a pair of Shoes; the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Trip 
                        



                      
                  , in the Ship called the Happy Return
            , July 15
.

Capt.
 Ketteridge. The Goods were lost out of my Ship on the 15th of July in the Night. On the 17th I went to buy a Hat at Ben. Green's in Rosemary-lane, and there I found one of those Hats I had lost - Green produced Lucas, from whom he said he had the Hat; and by Lucas's Information the Prisoners were taken.
Ben. Green. Lucas brought this Hat to me to dress - The Captain came to buy a Hat, for he said all his Hats were stolen out of his Ship. He bought one, and in an Hour afterwards came for another. Here's a Hat would do for you now, says I, but it's none of mine, it was brought to be dress'd; and so I shew'd him the Hat that Lucas left. Why this is one of the Hats that I have lost, says the Captain. Is it? says I, then I can help you to the Man I had it from. And so I took Lucas at a House he frequented in Wells-street


                  Joseph 
                  Lucas 
               



            . I and the two Prisoners were drinking at Reynold's Brandy-shop, in Weil street, near the Watch-house, in Rag-Fair, and about 10 at Night we went from thence to Iron-Gate, where we stole a Boat and a pair of Sculls, and row'd about to see what we could get. About 12 a Clock we came to The Happy Return, near King James's-Stairs


, and seeing no Light on Board, we wrenched open the Cabbin-window. Then Newell struck a Light, and lighting a Candle in a dark Lanthorn, he gave it to Martin, who went in at the Window, but came out again presently, and said he heard a Woman speak to a Child. Upon this I pull'd off my Shoes and crept in, and brought out 2 Coats, 2 Petticoats, 3 Hats, a silver Watch, a pair of silver Buckles, some Linen, and other Things. My Wife sold the Watch for 36s. I kept 12s. for my own Share, and gave the Prisoners 12s. a-piece. Martin allow'd 4s. 6d. for the Buckles, he reckoned 18 d. for his own Share, and gave us 18 d. a-piece. We sold all the rest, except one Hat and a Handkerchief, to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Baily 
               



            , who is gone off, for 50s. We spent half a Crown of the Money, and divided 15s. 10d. a-piece. I carry'd the Hat next Day to Green's to have it dress'd, and he would have given a Shilling for it; but I told him I could get more. However, he bought the Handkerchief of me.


                  Richard 
                  Farmer 
               



            , Headborough, in White-chapel. I took Lucas, and he inform'd against the Prisoners - Newell confess'd before Justice Lade, that he was concern'd in this Fact.
Newell. I made my self a voluntary Evidence against Lucas, and one 
               
                  John 
                  Faucet 
               



            , for robbing this Ship; but Lucas's Friends had Money, and so he was admitted to be an Evidence.
Keeper. Newell was an Evidence this time Twelvemonth.*
* Against Abraham Gibson, in Sept. 1733. Session-Paper, Numb. VII. pag. 184.
Martin. I bought this Hat among others for 5 s. 6 d.
The Jury 

               acquitted
             Martin, and found Newell 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


