






43, 44. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hastings 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Walter 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 2 Pair of Stockings, and a Sarcenet Lining of a Gown
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Chaffin 
                  




                
            , Feb. 1
.


                  Matthew 
                  Goodred 
               



            . I had 2 Pair of Stockings, and a Sarcenet Lining of a Gown to dye for Mrs. 
               
                  Anne 
                  Chasins 
               



             ; I put them in my Shop Window, which has a Sash before it, the Glass was broke, and the Goods were taken away on the 1st of this Month, betwixt 4 and 5 in the Afternoon.


                  James 
                  Hamilton 
               



            . As I was standing in Mrs. Wells's, (a Cook's) Shop in Leadenhall-street


, I heard a Pane of Glass broke, and looking out, I perceived it was the Prosecutor's Window, which is opposite to Mrs. Wells's, and I saw the Prisoner go into the Three Kings Entry which is close by. I did not then suspect them to be Rogues, but thought they had broke the Glass by Mischance. But while I was looking, Walter came out, and putting his Hand in at the broken Pane, took out a Piece of Sarcenet, and went again into the Entry: Then the other Prisoner took out something else, I think it was a Pair of Stockings, and went after Walter; in a little Time they both came out again, Hastings with a Pair of white Stockings in his Hands, and Walter with the Sarcenet in his Apron. Walter came up toward where I stood, and Mrs. Wells took him by the Collar, and pulled him into her Shop; he said, he had found the Silk. Another pursued Hastings, and took him. As we were carrying them before a Justice, Hastings threw something into a Shop Window; we look'd and found a Pair of white Stockings, and the other Pair was found upon Walter, when he was search'd before the Justice.


                  Ann 
                  Wells 
               



            . As I sat in my Bar, I saw both the Prisoners at Mr. Goodred's Window. Walter took out a Piece of Silk, and wrap'd it in his Apron, and as he was coming along towards my Door, I stopp'd him, and pull'd him into my Shop; he pretended he had found the Silk, and offer'd to leave it with me, if I would let him go.
Constable. I found one Pair of Stockings on Walter.
Job Hanks. Hastings's Father was a Pains-taking Man, and so was his Mother too.


                  John 
                  Burkitt 
               



            . His Father was a Shoemaker, and work'd for me several Years, and I never knew but the Boy was towardly. The Jury found them both 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


