





3. 
               
                  
                     Honour 
                     Penery 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Brown Silk Gown, a Cotton Gown, two lac'd Caps, three Cambrick Handkerchiefs, a Holland Apron, a Cambrick Apron, and a check'd Apron, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Ellard 
                        




                      
                  , in the Dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Pullen 
                     



, in the Parish of St. Bride's March 20
.
Jane Ellard On the 19th of March I was going along one of the new Streets near Grosvenor-Square, and two Women came up to me from the other Side of the Way, and told me I had a mighty pretty Gown on; - pray, says one of them, what did it cost a Yard? I informed them what I gave for it; Oh! 'tis a sweet pretty Thing they said, - pray which Way are you walking? I told them I was going to look after a Place; they said I should have the Refusal of two or three very good Places, and if I would tell them where I liv'd, they certainly would come and give me Directions about them. I told them that I should be very much obliged to them, and that I lodged at Mr. Pullen's, in George-Alley


, by the Ditch Side. The next Day as the Bells rung Eleven, they came up Stairs; I am very positive to the Prisoner; the other Woman that was with her pass'd for the Prisoner's Mistress. I asked them about the Place they were to help me to, but they told me they were Apprentices to Sir 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Newton 
               



            , at Turnham-Green, and that they must first calculate my Nativity; so out they pull'd a great Book with Heads and Hands in it; they told me a vast deal out of the Book with the Heads and Hands in it, and said I must bundle up all the Things I had, - Rings, Money, and Cloaths. I have but little Money, says I, and I don't Care to bundle up my Cloaths, that can relate nothing to my Fortune, - that's quite silly, and if any body should hear this Business besides our selves, they would laugh at us. Well, they argued with me a great while, and said it must be done, and began to be angry because I would not do it. Why, - says one of them, suppose you were Sick, and a Physician comes and prescribes Physick for you, - if you won't take it, what Good can he do you? 'Tis all the same Thing, we can't pretend to do you any Good, unless you'il do as you are ordered. At last I bundled up all my Cloaths, and they went away, but they returned again, and asked me if I had done as they bad me? I said I had, and that I had put them in my Trunk. Then now, says the Prisoner's Mistress, - with the Blessing of God take them out of your Trunk; I did so: Now, says she, with the Blessing of God, get a Ha'p'orth of Brown Paper. I did not care to go for the Paper, so she went herself, and did up all my Cloaths, telling me they must be done up very close, and not a Breath of Air must come upon them. When this was done they bid me down upon my Knees and say the Lord's Prayer; I refused at first, but by fair Means and foul they made me at last say the Lord s Prayer. Then they bid me turn about and open the Windows, which we had shut, for fear any body should see what we were about. I opened the Windows, and in the mean Time they chang'd the Bundle, and left this in the Room of it, - 'tis full of nothing but Hay and Straw; my Bundle was made up exactly like this Bundle, and they carry'd it quite off. After they had put down this Bundle instead of mine, the Prisoner's Mistress said she must treat with me upon such a Spot of Ground, and bid me, - because it rain'd, - put on my Hat, least I should catch Cold. I went out with them as far as the Royal Bed, the Corner of Holborn, there they told me a young Man was to meet me, and would give me a Gold Ring, charging me not to look at my Bundle 'till Eight o'Clock at Night; at Eight o'Clock I found myself a great Sufferer by them, for all my Cloaths were gone, that I had worked for a great while.
Some little Time after I got a Place at the Corner of Shoe Lane in Holborn, and about a Fortnight after I had been there, I saw the Prisoner go by the Door; I was so fluster'd, that I had no Power to get off my Chair, but by and by I saw her come past again; then I ran after her and begged a young Man to stop her, for she had robbed me. He call'd after her, Hark ye! Hark ye! - and stopped her. She was brought back to my Master's House, from thence she was carried to Guildhall, and so sent to Newgwate.

Prisoner. It was not I that did this, my Landlady knows I never had any Companion belonging to me in my Life, nor did I ever in my Life see any Conjuring Book.


                  Mary 
                  Lee 
               



            . I can say nothing to this Fact, but the Prisoner robbed me of two large Silver Spoons, two small Spoons, two Gold Rings, and several other Things, exactly in the same Manner; I said the Lord's Prayer, and this was the Bundle she left me instead of my own.
Prisoner. I am a Mantua-maker
, and never kept Company with any other Woman in my Life. I am as innocent as the Child that is born, - and welcome is the Grace of God.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Woods 
               



            , 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Wheeler 
               



            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Whiting 
               



            , never heard of the Prisoner's being a Conjurer, never heard Harm of her, nor ever saw any fine Book with Heads and Hands in it in her Custody. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


