





25. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Batley , alias 
Sarchel




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of Breeches, thirty four Guineas two half Guineas and five Shillings, the Goods and Money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Watson 
                        




                      
                   in the House of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Jordan 
                     



, Nov. 17th
.
John Watson. This Thomas Jordan keeps a Lodging House in Rag-Fair


. We went to drink together at Mr Smith's, and there I told Jordan, that I did not like my Bed. He said I should have a better, and so I went home with him again, and there I saw the Prisoner whom I had never seen before. I drank a Mug of Beer, there and then was for going to Bed. Jordan bid the Prisoner, take the Candle and make the Bed; and while she was doing that I undrest. I put my Breeches under the Pillow and got into Bed. My Money was sew'd up in my Fob. The Prisoner came pretending to take the Candle, but took hold of my Breeches. I got a grip of them. But she cryed, Let go ye Old Dog, or I'll cut your Neck, and so pulled them away from me, and run down Stairs and out of the House, tho' I got out of Bed and called to Jordan to stop her. I put on my Coat and went down to follow her, but he stood at the bottom of the stairs, and would not let me go out, for he said if I did, the Mob would kill me. He gave me a pair of his Breeches to put on. I would have-gone out the next Day but he would not let me. At last I took him up, then he found out the Woman. It was I that made her a Woman, for she was a ragged ars'd Beast before she laid hold of my Breeches.


                  Su 
                  Smith 
               



            . I keep an Alehouse in Rag Fair. On Friday in the Afternoon, the Prosecutor and Jordan and four more, were five Hours, at my House, and got drunk, and squabbled about the Reckoning - Next Day I was told that the Prosecutor had lost his Breeches - Jordan was sent to New Prison, where he lay for a Week. The Prisoner came drunk to my House, and said to me, Jordan is taken up, but poor Man he is innocent, and knows nothing of the matter, for I took the Breeches my self.
Prisoner. The Prosecutor came to me in Newgate, and said. Do not be dead hearted, poor thing! For when you come to the Bar, I won't hurt ye.
The Jury found her 


               guilty to the value of thirty nine Shillings
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


