







245, 246, 247. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Smith 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Corker 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               privately stealing a Gold Watch and Gold Seat, value, 3 l. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Spragg 
                        



, April 2

. And


                     Thomas 
                     Smith 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stole
            .
Edward Spragg. About two o'Clock in the Morning the 2 d of last Month, I was coming from the King's Arms Tavern in the Strand, and at Charing Cross



, at the Entrance of some Court thereabouts, I met with the two Women at the Bar. It was dark, so I have no Knowledge of their Faces, and I was pretty much in Liquor, so I can't answer for it, how far I was prevailed upon to listen to them. I was going to my Lodging in Westminster, and either in the Street, or in the Court, one of them took an Opportunity to pick my Pocket. I suspected them, on their endeavouring to run away, so I seized Jane Smith, and charged her with picking my Pocket: She deny'd it, but I held her fast 'till I got to Whitehall, and then I demanded the Assistance of some Soldiers, and they carried her to the Round-House in St. Margaret's Church Yard, where she was searched, but to no Purpose, and she deny'd the Fact. Presently after, the Beadle, or Constable went out, and took Mary Corker, and I believe she was search'd, and nothing being found upon her, she deny'd it likewise. Next Morning this Man, (George Swindell) came to me and told me he believed he could tell me where my Watch was; and that I must get a Warrant for the Man that had it was a Soldier
 upon Duty on the Parade. I got a Warrant for him, (Thomas Smith) and the Officer delivered him up to us. At first he deny'd knowing any Thing of it; but when he was before the Justice, and was ordered to be searched, he said he would not give us that Trouble, he had the Watch about him, and produced it directly. When the two Women were before the Justice, Jane Smith owned she picked my Pocket of it: She said she took it out of my Pocket.
Jane Smith. I will take my Tryal when my Husband is cleared; for he was abed and asleep when the Thing was done. Did not you pick us both up, and ask us where we were going? And did we not tell you, we were going where we could pick up a Sweetheart? Upon which you told us you would give us a Glass of Wine in a convenient Place, and make us a Present.
Spragg. I own I met them in the Strand, but 'tis to no Purpose to ask me any Questions, for, as I hope for Mercy, I can't tell what I said to them.
George Swindell. I am a Barber, and shaved and powdered Thomas Smith. He came into my Shop that Morning about Seven o'Clock, and pulled this Watch out of his Pocket, and I looked at it.
Spragg. This is my Watch.
Swindell. This is the Watch the Prisoner (Thomas Smith) shewed me. I saw him afterwards under Arms on the Parade, and having learned at the Round-house that a Gentl man had lost such a one the Night before, I went to Mr. Hilsley, the Constable, and he directed me to Mr. Spragg.


                  John 
                  Hilsley 
               



            . On Monday Morning, April 2, between Two and Three o'Clock, this Gentleman brought Jane Smith to the Watch-house in St. Margarets Church-Yard, and charged her with picking his Pocket of a Gold Watch in a Court somewhere about Chairing-Cross. I understood by Jane Smith, 'twas done in Northumberland Court. She insisted upon it, that she had it not, and that several other Women were with him, and if it was lost, somebody else had it. The Gentleman was positive that only she and another Woman were with him; upon which I purged her, to know who that other Woman was, and at last she said if it was any body, 'twas Mary Corker, and described her to us. We then secured her, and went out to see after Corker; and hearing by a Watchman, that She and Thomas Smith, the Soldier, were just gone down an Alley, we went after them, and seeing a Man and a Woman before us, I stepped after the Woman, and caught hold of her, [Corker] but the Soldier ran away as hard as he could. We carry'd her to the Watch-house and searched her, but did not find the Watch. However we locked Her and Jane Smith up in the Round-house 'till Morning; and about Nine o'Clock Swindell (the Barber) came and inform'd me he had seen such a Watch in Thomas Smith's-Possession, so we got a Warrant and took him off the Parade; and at Justice Manley's he pulled out the Watch, and said he would not give us the Trouble to search him. After this we sent to fetch the two Women, and at an Alehouse (where we waited 'till the Justice could hear us) Jane Smith confessed she took it out of the Gentleman's Pocket, - yes, damn her Soul she did, and she did not value it, - she had kept a House before now, at Antigua, she said; and (snapping her Fingers) she did not value being sent there, nor going abroad, provided she was not sent to Virginia or Maryland. She owned that while the Gentleman was fond of her, she took his Watch out of his Pocket, and convey'd it to Corker.


                  Ann 
                  Swindell 
               



            . The next Morning after the Fact was committed, I going to Tothil-street; and seeing a Mob about the Round-house, I made up like one of the Foolish Women, to see what was the Matter: I saw 
               
                  Jenny 
                  Smith 
               



             at the Window, and Molly Corker was asleep; I bid Jenny wake Molly, and then I asked them, what they were there for? Jenny Smith took a Gold Watch from under her Petticoats, and a black String and a Seal and Key out of her Stocking, which she shew'd me, and said, - Is not this a noble Watch? And Thomas Smith, her Husband, standing at the Window, she gave it to him, and said, - My dear Tom Smith be true to me; he took the Watch from her, and said, - D-mn my Soul if I am not, then he put it into his Pocket.
Jane Smith. This Woman came to the Round-house, to ask Molley Corker for her Cloak; and she told us she was going for two Gallons of Liquor, and would send us a Dram; and she said, that as we had been searched, we might keep the Watch, and might make the most of it; so she took it away with her in some foul Linnen, and carry'd it to my Husband. The Gentleman that pick'd us up told us he had no smaller Money than a Moidore, and must trust to his Honour; I found the Watch in my Cloaths, and as he was so dishonourable as to cheat us, I thought I would not give it him again.
Thomas Smith. I met Mrs. Swindell that Morning in Green's-Alley, and she desired me to carry a dirty Cap and an Apron, and the Watch, to her House: She told me a Man had left it with her for a Pledges so I took it and went to the Barber's, and from thence to the Parade, where I was taken.


                  Ann 
                  Swindell 
               



            . On my Oath, Smith gave it her Husband through the Window.
Jane Smith, 

               Guilty
            , 


               Death
            . Thomas Smith, 

               Guilty
            . Corker, 

               Acquitted
            .




[Thomas Smith:Transportation. See summary.]


