





49. 
               
                  
                     Emanuel 
                     Pim 
                  



               
            , was indicted for; 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wayte 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing 2 Shirts, a Sheet, a Smock, a Blue Apron, and 3 Handkerchiefs, November 4
, in the Night
            .


                  Joan 
                  Wayte 
               



            . I hung up some Linnen to dry in my Room below Stairs. I went out between 8 and 9 at Night, and shut my Door after me; but when I returned, which was in about half an Hour, my Door was open, and the Linnen was gone.


                  Edward 
                  Lawrence 
               



            , Constable. Going by a suspected House, I listened at the Window, and over-heard this Boy, Will. Bear, tell his Mother that he had got a Shirt, and a Shift. I went in and apprehended him. He presently offer'd to discover his Accomplices. As I was going with him to Justice Lade, we came to a House where he said the Prisoner lived with a Woman that past for his Wife. I went in and found the Prisoner and the other Shirt, a Shift, and a Blue Apron; the Prisoner said he found those Goods.
Will. Bear. On Monday Night I met the Prisoner in Paul's Church-yard, he asked me to go with him, and so we went to this House where we saw some Linnen hanging to dry. There was a half Hatch bolted with 2 Bolts. He unbolted them both, but he was forced to hoist himself up and lean over the Hatch to reach the lower Bolt. Then he went in and brought out 2 Shirts, a Shift, a Sheet, 3 Linnen Handkerchiefs, and a Blue Apron. Then we went over London-Bridge, and thro' Pepper-Alley, and came to a Bench by a great Brew-house, where he gave me one Shirt and one Handkerchief for my Share, and said he'd carry the Rest home to his Wife and have 'em dried - She sells Oysters in Dead-man's Place.
Prisoner. I was at my Lodging at Mrs. Woodstocks the Bull in Kent-street, from 8 o' Clock that Night, till 8 the next Morning, and if she was here, she would say the same.
The Jury found him 


               guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


