





60. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Bodenham 
                  



               
            , was indicted, for that, whereas, at this Sessions, 
               
                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Whitlock 
               



            , of Paddington, were try'd for breaking and entring the House of 
               
                  James 
                  des Romaine 
               



            ,
Esq; and stealing a Gold-watch, a silver Snuff-box, 3 Gold-rings set with Stones, 1 gold Mourning-ring, 13 silver Spoons, 12 Silver Forks, 7 Knives, with silver Hasts, 1 silver Soop Ladle, 4 silver Salts, 8 silver Tea spoons, 2 Pistols mounted with silver and Steel, 1 silver hilted Sword, 1 silk damask Night-gown, 20 Holland Shirts, 6 Holland Sheets, and 52 Guineas, and 17 s. the Goods and Money of James des Romaine, Esq; and 4 silk damask Gowns, 3 silk Petticoats, 10 Holland Smocks, 4 Suits of lac'd Head-Clothes, 1 Cloth-cloak, and 1 silver Buckle set with Bristol Stones, the Goods of 
               
                  Ann 
                  des Romaine 
               



             Spinster, on the 25th of October, about 8 at Night, and were duly convicted. He, the said 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bodenham 
               



            , 


               did afterwards received, 1 Gold-watch, value 20 l. 1 silver Snuff-box, value 40 s. 3 gold Rings set with Stones, value 40 s. 1 gold Mourning-Ring, value 10 s. 13 silver Spoons, value 3 l. 12 silver Forks, value 6 l. 7 Knives with silver Hasts, value 3 l. 1 silver Soop-ladle, val. 30 s. 4 silver Salts, val. 50s. a silver hilted Sword, value 40 s. 8 silver Tea-spoons, value 10 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        des Romaine 
                     



                  , Esq
; and a silver Buckle, set with Bristol Stones, value 7 s
            . the Goods of 
               
                  Ann 
                  des Romaine 
               



            ,Spinster
 (in all to the value of 41 l. 7 s.) October 26
.


                  Ralph 
                  Mitchell 
               



            . On Thursday Night the 25th of October, Will. Brown, Jo. Whitlock, Will. Blackwell, and I broke Colonel Romaine's House at Paddington, and stole a gold Watch, a large Parcel of Plate, and other Things, of which Brown and Whitlock were convicted here last Wednesday. On Friday October 26 (the Day after the Fact) Brown and Whitlock, and I went from Mr. White's in Grainge-road, near Newington-butts, with the gold Watch and the Plate, to the Cock in the Old-Baily, where we left Whitlock, and then Brown and I went with the Goods to the Prisoner's House, the ship in the Old-Baily. We left Whitlock, because I knew the Prisoner would be scrupulous of dealing with so many at a time.
Court. Then you were acquainted with the Prisoner?
Mitchell. Yes, I had dealt with him several times before, and especially in Watches that I had stole out of Ships in the River; and he used to say, those were the safest Goods to deal in, because the Owners were going to Sea, and could seldom stay long enough to prosecute; so that he was in no Danger on that Account; and he always desir'd me to be true to him, and not bring him into any Trouble - And so, as I was saying, Brown and I went to his House at the Ship, and turn'd into a little Box on the left Hand, where he presently came to us, and ask'd if we had got any Thing for him? Yes, says I, We have a gold Watch - shew it him, Brown. So the Watch was produc'd, and I told him the Price was 16 Guineas. 16 Guineas? says he, I can't afford near that Money; 'tis very old; the Gold is but thin, and the Watch is worth but little more than the Gold weights. We agreed to take eight Guineas. He ask'd me what else we had got? I told him some Plate; we shew'd it him; he took us into a little private Room, where he Doctors his Watches, and weigh'd it - There was 3 silver Salts - We stole 4, but we sold but 3 to him - 12 silver Forks, 6 Knives with silver Handles, and 1 little Knife with a silver Handle, 13 silver Spoons, 1 large silver soop Spoon, and a silver Hilt of a Sword. These are all I remember we carry'd at that Time; and as for the tea Spoons, the Women shar'd them among themselves. He weigh'd the Plate, and said there was 80 Ounces. We trusted to him for that, for we did not understand the Weights.
Then the Clerk of the Arraigns read the Record of the Conviction of Brown and Whitlock, by which it appear'd that all these Goods (among others) were stolen by them out of Colonel des Romaine's House.
Mitchell. The Prisoner was a little suspicious of Brown, because he was a new Face. I know, says he to me, I can trust you well enough, but I don't know whether I can trust that other Man. O ! says I, Brown is a very honest Fellow - he has been transported. Has he, Faith? says the Prisoner, nay then there's no Danger - we are all right! - well, what must I give you for this Plate? You know the Price, says I, what you always give - 4 s. 6 d. and Ounce. Then, says he, the Plate and the Watch together comes to just 24 l.
Court. Did you cast it up?
Mitchell. No, we trusted to his Reckoning, as well as to his Weights. He bid us go in and take a 3 s. Bowl of Punch, and he'd bring us the Money before it was out. He call'd a Coach, and took the Plate with him, and in about an Hour came back, drank Punch with us, and paid us 24 l. Now, says he, I hope you'll be true, and bring me into no Trouble - I have had a Bargain of this! - I question whether I shall make my Money on't again - You must use me better next time. He complain'd so much of hard Dealing, that I took out of my Pocket a silver Buckle set with Bristol Stones, and made him a Present of it.
Court. Look on that Buckle.
Mitchell. Aye, this is the same.
Court. Where did you get it?
Mitchell. We took it among the other Things we found in Col. Romaine's House - The Prisoner having paid us the Money, we call'd upon Whitlock at the Cock, and all three went back to Whtie's, where we shar'd the Money with Long Will. who was concern'd with us in the Fact. About a Fortnight after this, I and my Wife went to the Prisoner's, and sold him a gold Mourning-ring, it had the Name of Ann des Romaine engrav'd on the Out-side of it, he gave us a Crown for it; and this too we took from Colonel Romaine's - The Prisoner told me he had been try'd (or taken up) once or twice, but he knew how to get such things off.
Prisoner. Were all the Knives sold to me, on the Friday, with the rest of the Plate?
Mitchell. Yes.
Prisoner. Were the Knives out of the Handles ?
Mitchell. Yes.
Prisoner. Did I go into the little Place with you,
Mitchell. Yes.
Prisoner. Was 24 l. all the Money that was given?
Mitchell. Yes - I sold it for 4 s. 6 d. an Ounce, and you said it weigh'd 80 Ounces.
Court. Eighty Ounces at 4s. 6 d. and 8 l. for the Watch, comes to more than 24l.
Mitchell. I don't know as to that, but I am sure we had not a Farthing more of him.
Prisoner. Was not you at my House, from the time you sold the Plate, to the time you brought the Mourning-ring?
Mitchell. Yes, I was with Whitlock when he came to you to get his Watch mended.
Prisoner. But did not you come on the Saturday (the very Day after you sold me the Plate) and receive 3 l. more?
Mitchell. No, I receiv'd but 24 l. on Friday, and not a Farthing afterwards.
Prisoner. The Plate I bought on Friday, weigh'd but 75 Ounces, for the Knife-handles were not weigh'd then, because I had no Fire, and could not take the Knives out. The Watch was worth no more than the Gold weigh'd, and I allow'd but 7 l. for it, and so the Watch and Plate came to 24 l. 12 s. but they insisted upon 25 l. because it was even Money, and 25 l. I paid them that Day, and 3 l. the next Day for the Handles.
Court. But 24 l. 12 s. was more than the Watch and 75 Ounces of Plate, came to, at your Price.


                  John 
                  Boice 
               



            . On the 21st of November, by my Lord Mayor's Order, I went with Justice Deveil, and Col. des Romaine, to search the Prisoner's House. The Justice read a Paper to the Prisoner, in which all the Goods the Colonel had lost, were distinctly mentioned, and the Prisoner positively deny'd that he had had any such Goods in his House - I found this Buckle in a Drawer, and took it out, and laid it upon a Table. Going back to my Lord Mayor's, I ask'd Mitchell, if he knew any thing of such a Buckle? he said, Yes. I return'd to the Prisoner's House, to fetch it, but it was remov'd, I ask'd his Wife where it was, she said, she believ'd we had taken it with us; but I pretending if she would help me to it, I could procure her Husband to be admitted to Bail, she took it out of a Drawer, and gave it me.


                  Lucy 
                  Montreasure 
               



            . This is my Buckle. It was lost from Col. des Romaine's.
Prisoner. By what particular Mark do you know it?
Mrs. Montreasure. The Hook had been broke in this Place, and was afterwards mended.


                  Phillis 
                  Mitchell 
               



            . I went with my Husband, when he sold this Mourning-ring to the Prisoner, I ask'd the Prisoner if he could help me to a Ring for my own wearing, he said he could have done it, if I had come but an Hoursooner, for he had just parted with a little Diamond-ring, that would have come cheap, and he would have sold it me for 3 or 4 Shillings profit, because he got by my Husband. I told him I did not care to wear that Mourning Ring, because I knew how it was come by.
Court. Was that in his hearing?
Phillis. Yes, and my Husband told him, it was got with the rest of the Things at Paddington; we drank 18 Penny worth of Punch, and had some roast Veal from the Cook's for dinner.
Mitchell. I might say so to the Prisoner, but I can't remember positively whether I did or no - I know they were talking about the Ring when I went to fetch the 6 Pennyworth of roast Veal.
Prisoner. Did not I ask if the Ring was stole?
Phillis. I don't remember such a Question.
Prisoner. Pray, my Lord, let her be examin'd a-part. [Then Ralph Mitchell withdrew.]
Prisoner. Where was the Ring weigh'd?
Phillis. It was not weigh'd at all that I saw; you gave 5 s. for it, and I gave you 2 Guineas worth of Silver for 2 Guineas.
Prisoner. Pray ask her how long she has been marry'd?
Court. I cannot ask her that. [Then her Husband was call'd in again.]
Prisoner. Did your Wife see the Ring weigh'd?
R. Mitchell. I don't know that it was weigh'd at all.
Court. He agrees with his Wife.
Mr. Boise again. When we ask'd the Prisoner for several Things in the Catalogue, he shuffled, and said, he was a Dealer, and might have bought such Things, but did not know that he had.
Prisoner to Mitchell. Did not Brown sell me some Buttons and a Watch that Day you were marry'd, which was 3 Days before you were taken?
Mitchell. I don't know; I was gone for the Veal.
Prisoner. I ask'd if the Watch was honestly come by, and if no House was broke open? for otherwise I would not buy it for the World; and you said that Brown brought the Watch from Dover.
Mitchell, I said the Watch came off the Water; and you said you was not afraid to buy such Watches, because there was seldom any Prosecutions on those Accounts - You and I have often had Dealings together.
Prisoner. And you frequently came to my House, did you?
Mitchell. Frequently! I came as ofton as I had Occasion - I sold you a silver Tankard not long ago, for 5l. - My first Acquaintance with you was by means of 
               
                  Ned 
                  Wilcox 
               



            , who then kept a Brandy-Shop in Nightingal-lane, and afterwards went to live in Charterhouse-lane, but I believe he is dead now, for I have not seen him this Twelvemonth.
Court. Colonel, when your House was broke open did you lose a gold Watch?
Colonel. Yes.
Court. And a mourning Ring?
Colonel. Yes.
Court. Was any Name engrav'd on it?
Colonel. Yes, Ann des Romaine.
Court. Any Plate?
Colonel. 13 silver Spoons, a silver soop Ladle, 12 silver Forks, 7 silver hasted Knives, 4 silver Salts, and 1 silver hilted Sword - These were my Goods.
Court. Any Buckles?
Colonel. A silver Buckle set with Bristol Stones.
Court. Whose Property was that?
Colonel. This Lady (Lucy Montreasure's) I bought it for her.
Prisoner. I have no private Room. The Place I carry'd them into was the Shop where I keep my Watches.
Mitchell. But there were Curtains to the Window, and he said, Draw the Curtains and then nobody can see us.
Prisoner. I weigh'd the Gold of the Watch, and told them it weigh'd but 7l. 10s. as for the Inside (as it was a large old Watch) it was not worth above 15 or 16 s. When they shew'd me the Box of Plate, I said, I hoped no House had been broke open, and if there had, I would not meddle with it for the World, for I had often been in Trouble. There was no Arms nor Cypher on the Plate. There was not above 1 third of it Sterling. It weigh'd 75 Ounces, and, with the Watch, came to 24 l. 12 s. They insisted on 25 l. which I paid them. When Mitchell went out, Brown told me he brought it from Dover, to sell for a Person there. Next Day in the Evening, they came to see the Handles weigh'd (for I could not take the Knives out of them before;) they weigh'd 13 Ounces, and I paid them 3l. 1s. 6d. 3 or 4 Days before they were apprehended Mitchell and his Wife brought me a mourning Ring - they were marry'd that Day - and Brown brought me some silver Buttons and a Watch.
Court. And could not you read the Name on the Ring?
Prisoner. Its possible I might read Ann des Romaine upon it, and yet might think nothing of the Robbery.
Court. But was not the Story of Col. Romaine's Loss very strong then?
Prisoner. Yes, it was so; and I had heard much Talk about it, but really I did not think of it when I bought the Goods.
Juryman. Had not you one of the Warnings that were given out on this Occasion? - for its common to send them to Watchmakers, as well as to Goldsmiths.
Prisoner. I can't tell but I might have had seen an Advertisement in the House, but I can't remember that I had seen it, or if I had seen it I had forgot the Particulars - O here is my Girl! she has brought the Book I sent for - This is the Book where I set down what I buy -
Court. This Book is no Evidence, but you may refresh your Memory with it.
Prisoner. Here is - 'Oct. 26. Bought 75 ' Ounces of old Silver, and an old gold ' Watch, large Size; the Watch for 7l. ' and the Silver for 18l. 12s.'
Court. Of whom.
Prisoner. 'Of Mr. Mitchell - the 27th ' Bought 13 Ounces of old Silver, of Mr. ' Mitchell for 3l. 1s. 6d. Then here's the ' Day they were marry'd, bought an old ' silver Watch of Mr. Brown, Mr. Mitchell's ' Friend, for 2l. 2s. and some old silver ' Buttons.'


                  William 
                  Plant 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner ever since he was Apprentice to Mr. Watts, in Fleetstreet, which is 14 or 15 Years ago; I liv'd over-against him, he had the Character of an honest fair dealing Man, 'till two Years ago; but since - I have heard he has been taken up for receiving stolen Goods.


                  Samuel 
                  Thorn 
               



            . I have known him 12 Years; my Master lodg'd 2 Years in his House when he liv'd in Nevill's-Alley. He had the Character of a fair Dealer - no ways amiss - in the way of his Calling.
Court. Did you never hear of his receiving stolen Goods?
Thorn. I have indeed heard some such thing, but do not know it.


                  William 
                  Edlin 
               



            . I have done Business for him, and found him a fair Dealer. Tho' I can't I say but things have been whisper'd about - and so forth - of his buying Goods of ill People.
- Grace. I have known him 25 Years, his Character was good - when I first knew him - I have dealt with him at a Market Price. And have trusted him with Rings, and once with a gold Watch - I never heard any ill of him, more than from his own Mouth; he told me himself he had been taken up upon an Affair.
Prisoner. Yes, I was taken up twice this Summer, but acquitted - I was put in an Information about a gold Watch, but I gave 400 l. Bail, and nobody appear'd against me - and when any of these Rogues are apprehended, they make a common Practice of informing against me - I hope the Court will observe the Price I gave - Mitchell has been burnt in the Hand here, and his Wife has had 2 Husbands hang'd.
The Jury found him 

               guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


