





6. 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Kelly 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Quarter-Barrel of Raisins, value 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gordon 
                  




                
            , in the Parish of St. Mary-Hill, May 25
.
Mr. Gordon. On the 25th of May, my Cooper and a Constable came to tell me a Man had stole a Quarter-Barrel of Raisins from Smart's-Key


, where I had thirty in all. I went down to the Key, and miss'd one of them. They told me the Man was in Custody; and while I was talking to them, the Barrel was brought to me, and had been taken out of the River; for the Prisoner (it seems) had thrown it over Board. The Mark upon the Barrel was mine, and I believe it was my Property. I lost nothing by the Goods, but sold them for the same Money, as I should have done, had nothing of this happen'd.


                  William 
                  Symmonds 
               



            . I was coming in a Boat past Smart's-Key, and saw the Prisoner there, with a Barrel in his Arms. He was coming into a Boat with it, and tumbled down, Barrel and all, into the Boat. My Waterman said, - There's a Thief. I made him shove back, and then the Prisoner heav'd something over board. Upon this we took him, and carry'd him ashore. In his Boat we found two Pieces of the Head of the Barrel, and some of the Raisins. In two or three Hours afterwards, the Barrel was taken out of the Water, and we compar'd the Pieces we found in the Bottom of the Boat, with the Breaches in the Head of the Barrel, and they fitted: Part of the Mark was upon the Pieces, which flew out when he fell with the Barrel, and part was upon the Head of the Barrel itself. We found, by comparing this Mark, with that upon Mr. Gordon's Barrels, that the Goods belonged to him, so they sent for him, and he own'd them.


                  Robert 
                  Colson 
               



            , the Waterman, confirm'd Mr. Symmonds. Testimony, adding, that he very plainly saw the Prisoner throw the Barrel over-board, after he tumbled into his Boat, and that the Pieces of the Barrel Head, which were shewn Mr. Gordon, were the same that he took out of the Prisoner's Boat 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


