







                  Joseph 
                  Taverner 
               



            , of Finchley


, was indicted, for that he, together with 
               
                  John 
                  Poulks 
               



            , 


               did steal two Ewe Sheep, value 40 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Plevin 
                  




                
            , on the 16th of December
 last.
The Prosecutor depos'd, That the Sheep were feeding in the Field, and the next Morning he found only the Skins, the Guts, and the young Lambs, for they were both with young; but the Carcasses were carried away.
A Watchman depos'd, That he was crying 3 o'Clock in the Morning, when he met the Prisoner in the Field with a Bundle, and demanded of him, what he had got? That the Prisoner told him it was old Cloaths, he being a Taylor by Trade, but he told him he must go with him before the Constable; that examining the Bundle, it was found to be Mutton, and he said he had found it at Black Mary's Hole.
The Constable depos'd, That he enquiring of him what he did out at that time, he told him he had been to Hampstead for some Work, and getting Drunk, had lain in the Field, and going along found the Bundle, and it was Mutton. The Constable added, That as he was carrying him to New Prison, he desired to come back again, and he would tell him more about the Mutton; and owned, that himself and Foulks had been in four Robberies in stealing Sheep; that Foulks liv'd at Hampstead, that he went thither, and found the other six Quarters of the Sheep, the Prisoner having two found upon him.
The Prosecutor depos'd, That the Mutton was that of his Sheep, and gave the following Reasons; that they had taken off the Skins so bunglingly, that they had left pieces of Flesh upon the Skin, and also had cut Holes in the Skins, and left the Wooll upon the Flesh, and that applying those Places the one to the other, they match'd exactly. The Fact being fully prov'd, the Jury found the Prisoner 

               guilty
             of the Indictment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


