





71. +
               
                  
                     George 
                     Stone 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Robin 
                        




                      
                  's, about Eleven in the Night-time, and stealing Three Pound in Money
            , Oct. 8
.
Mrs. Robins. I live in Knight-Rider-Street


. My House was not broke open, but the Window that goes down into the Cellar was wrench'd, October the 8th. It was fast as we could make it, but it had receiv'd such Damage by a Cart, that any one might get into it, provided the Bars and the Iron-work should be wrench'd. The Bars I found wrench'd, and I suppose the Prisoner got into my House that Way. I lost between Three and Four Pounds out of a Cupboard in the Back Counting-house. I had bolted the Door at the Top of the Stairs (that lead into the House) myself, when I went to Bed, but I found it open. The Counting-house Door was latch'd, but not lock'd. In the Morning I found the Lock upon the Cupboard wrench'd, and it hung only by one Nail. The Prisoner was my Servant, and I suspect him, because I sent him out on an Errand that Night' and he took the best of his Cloaths away with him. My Son, another Servant and I, sat up for him, but he did not (as we know of) come home that Night, and next Morning I found the Money gone, and the Door at the Top of the Cellar Stairs, and the Cupboard Door broke open, and my Money gone. My Husband at this Time was out of Town.


                  Walter 
                  Pearce 
               



            . On the 8th of October, at Night, Mrs. Robins desired me to shut up her Shop, because the Prisoner (she said) was gone out with Candles. About Eleven o'Clock I saw him at her Door, and told him his Mistress sat up for him: He did not care to knock at the Door, so I told him, I would. No, says he, you shall not, - I'll get down the Cellar Window. The Iron Bars were fell so much, that any body might get down, and he said he would sit in the Cellar till his Master Franky (his Mistress's Son) got up; and so down he got directly, but I know nothing of his getting out again. He was taken about seventeen Days afterwards, and was carried before Mr. Adderman Parsons.
Prisoner. Was the Family a bed when I got in?
Pearce. No; the Clock had not gone Eleven. Madam was sitting up for him then.


                  William 
                  How 
               



            . I was one of the Persons that took him. I know nothing of the Robbery, but one Mr. Major, an Acquaintance of Mr. Robin's , happen'd to see the Prisoner at Hoxton ; he ran after him till he was tired, then he cry'd Stop Thief, and I took him. Mr. Major told me he had robb'd his Master; to which the Prisoner made (at that Time) no Answer: But when we got him into Mr. Weaver's House at Hoxton, he own'd he had taken Three Pound in Silver, but did not mention from what Place he took it. We asked him, What he had done with it? He said, he had spent it. We sent for his Master, as soon as we had taken him, and he asked him, how he could serve him so? The Prisoner cry'd, and said, he was sorry for it.
John Chitham's Evidence was to the same Effect. 


               Acquitted of the Burglary, Guilty of the Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


