





3. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Pain , alias 
Page




               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           George 
                        



                      
                  , in the Parish of St. Margaret, Lothbury, between the Hours of 12 and 4 in the Night, and stealing a Beaver Hat and crape Band, value 13 s. the Goods of the said George; and a Velvet Manteel, value 15 s. a Velvet Hood, value 5 s. a cambrick Apron, val. 5 s. a cambrick Handkerchief, value 2 s. a muslin Tucker, val 6 d. a Tortoise-shell Snuff-box, val. 10 s. an Ivory Nutmeg-grater, val. 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christiana 
                           Stedman 
                        



                      
                  . A Woman's Scarlet Cloak, value 5 s. a black silk Hood lac'd, val. 5 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Williams 
                        



                      
                  , in the Dwelling-house of the said George
            .


                  Henry 
                  George 
               



            . On the 10th of September my Family and I had been abroad; we came home about Seven at Night, and I being the last Person that went in, I took the Key from the outside of the Door, and put it into the Lock, on the inside, and latch'd the Door, though I did not lock it. The House is in Catherine-Court, in Princes street, Lothbury


. We sat 'till about 11, and before we went to Bed, the Watchman beat past 9, 10, and 11 o'Clock very hard, and the Door did not open. When we went to Bed I bid the Maid make fast the Door, and I suppose the Watchman having beat at it, and she seeing the Key in the Lock, imagin'd it was fast; but a little after 4 in the Morning the Prisoner (who is a Watchman
, and was upon Duty that Night) came up Stairs, with a Neighbour, to my Chamber, and told me, the Door of my House was wide open, and he thought proper to let me know it. I thanked him for his Care, and gave him 6 d. then I went down, and seeing the Brass and the Pewter standing as they did when I went to Bed, I fasten'd the Door, and was going to my Chamber again; but missing my Hat, (worth about 12 or 14 s.) I call'd up my Family, and then we found one had lost one thing, and another, another Thing. I miss'd nothing but my Hat; and the next Morning a young Man came and told me the Prisoner had sold a Hat; and that the Man who bought it, had pawn'd it in Grub-street. I went to see it, and it prov'd to be mine. When he was before the Lord Mayor, he said he found the Door open, and going in, he saw two Hats hang up, so being a poor Man he took one of them. The Hat was produced before the Lord-Mayor, and he confess'd it was the Hat he took.


                  Christiana 
                  Stedman 
               



            . I liv'd in the House with Mr. George, and lost on the 10th of September at Night, a Velvet Mantelet, worth 15 s. a Hood lac'd, worth 5 s. a Cambrick Apron, worth 5 s. a Cambrick Handkerchief, 2 s. 6 d. a Tortoise-shell Snuff-box inlaid with Silver, 10 s. a Nutmeg Grater 6d. a Muslin Tucker, half made, 1s. By the Beadle's Information I found the Mantelet, the Hood, Apron, and Handkerchief, at Mrs. Abdy's in Grub street; she keeps a Publick-House, and there the Prisoner had pawn'd them, or sold them for 19 s. and I paid the Money for them.
Ann Williams. I lost a scarlet Cloth Cloak that Night, worth a Crown, and a black silk Hood lac'd, worth 5 s. I was present when the Cloak was found at Abdy's, But the Hood I never had again.


                  Margaret 
                  Follet 
               



             On Monday Morning, Sept. 10, about 4 o'Clock, the Prisoner call'd out, and said, - here's a Door open; I bid him stay at the Door 'till I came down. He told me 'twas not my Door, however I desir'd him not to go from it 'till I came down. He did so; and I found Mr. George's Door wide open; but as the Brass and Pewter was standing, I was in good hopes nothing was gone. The Prisoner and I went up Stairs to call Mr. George to shut his Door; and he gave the Watchman 6 d. and thanked him for his Care; but in an Hour or two afterwards I heard of these Losses.


                  Forsby 
                  Cotton 
               



             On the 11th of Sept. I heard that Mr. George had been robb'd, and the Prisoner being suspected, I took him up before my Lord Mayor, who committed him to the Compter. Some Days after, I went to see him in Prison, and he told me, that several of the Things were at Mrs. Abdy's, and own'd he had taken them out of Mr. George's House, himself. I inform'd these Gentlewomen what I had heard, and went with them to Abdy's, where we found the Things that have been mention'd. As to the Things that are not found, he told us he knew nothing about them.


                  Ellen 
                  Abdy 
               



            . The Prisoner brought me a Velvet Manteel, a Hood, Handkerchief and Apron, and a scarlet Cloak, on the 11th of September, and pawn'd them with me for 19s. He said they were his Wife's, and that he bought them for her of a Man that ow'd him Money, but as they wanted Money, to prevent her lying in the Street with a young Child he must dispose of them. So I let him have the Money, and afterwards these Gentlefolks came and claim'd them.


                  Thomas 
                  Gwyn 
               



            . I am a Watchman in the same Ward with the Prisoner. The Morning after the Robbery was committed, I heard the Prisoner had sold a Hat, and found out the Person he had sold it to, who told me he was to give 6 Shillings and half a dozen of Beer for it. The Tortoise-shell Snuff-box and the Nutmeg-grater, I found the next Morning in a Closet in the Prisoner's own Room, Mr. George and the Constable were present at the same Time.
Mr. George confirm'd these Circumstances.


                  Richard 
                  Roberts 
               



            . Last Monday was a Month, I bought a Hat of the Prisoner for 6 s. and 6 Penn'worth of Beer. As I had no ready Money to give him, I pawned it for 2 s. which I gave him in part of Payment. He told me 'twas his own, and I was to have paid him the rest of the Money on Saturday Night.
Prisoner. He did not give me the 2 s. I had but 18 d. I never was at that Stand before that Night, and was told that the Door was open by another Watchman, so I came with him to the Door, and pull'd it close, telling him 'twas only an empty House. Then I went away, and when I came again to beat my Rounds, I struck at the Door and it flew open. Mr. Cotton came to me in the Counter, and promised to give my Wife half a Guinea if I would tell him where the Things were, and when he had got what he could out of me, he gave her nothing at all. Acquitted of the Burglary, and 


               Guilty of the Felony, 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


