





60. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Wheeler 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver hilted Sword value 4 l. a Coat and Wastcoat value 3 l. a Camblet Cloak value 18 s. a Silk Petticoat value 15 s. a Shirt and a Shift value 5 s. and 5 Guineas, and 13 s. the Goods and Money of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Morris 
                        




                      
                   in his House
            , Octob. 5
.


                  William 
                  Morris 
               



            . I live at the Corner of Bowl-Yard in St. Giles's


. The Prisoner was my Servant
; that is, had her a month upon liking. I left my Goods and Maid at the same time about two Months ago. The Toad has been the Ruin of me. I went after her; I spent a great deal of Time and Money, and offer'd a Reward for taking her. But by good luck, in about a Fortnight, going to a Bawdy-house, not far from my House, on the Backside of Drury-Lane, I met with her. She was lock'd up in a Room, and they denied her to me at first; but when I told them, and stood stifly to it (as well I might, for it was nothing but the Truth) that I had seen her through the Window, I gained Admittance, and there was my Gentlewoman, drest up, I'll warrnt ye, like one of the tip top Madams of the Hundreds. I asked her what she had done with such and such Goods and Money. She said, truly, that she knew nothing of my Money, or my Silver-hilted Sword; but as for the rest of the Things she confest that she had taken them, and pawn'd them to Mr. Hamlin at the Corner of Cole-Yard in Drury-Lane, and some at other Pawn-brokers; and I found them accordingly.


                  Edward 
                  Hamlin 
               



            . The Prosecutor came with a Constable in Disguise, and the Prisoner, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wheeler 
               



            . The Prosecutor said he wanted to redeem a Coat and Waistcoat that were pawn'd for a Guinea. I asked him who pawn'd 'em. He said his Wife, What's her Name, says I. This is my Wife, says he, pointing to the Prisoner, and her Name is Mary Wheeler. So I brings out the Goods, and then truly they told me the Goods were stolen - Now I can't swear that the Goods were pawn'd by the Prisoner, tho' it's true they were pawned in the Name of Mary Wheeler, and I don't know how it should be she, because I don't know her, and we take in Goods of no Strangers.


                  John 
                  Richardson 
               



            . On the 7th of October, the Prisoner pawn'd a Riding-Hood to me, by the Name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Newark 
               



            , for 6 s. - I shewed it to the Prosecutor, and he own'd it.


                  Anthony 
                  Barns 
               



            . At separate times in October, she pawn'd a Petticoat to me for 4 s. a Shirt and a Smock, and an Apron for 3 s.
Prisoner. I was the Prosecutor's Servant a Month, and I hope he'll give me my Wages before I plead my Cause -
Pros. Wages! You have a good Assurance.
Prisoner. This Man kept a Cook's Shop formerly. Then he was a Pedlar about the Country with hard Ware, and now is a Cobler
, and mends Shoes for his living. When I lived with him he sold a Dram, and let out Lodgings to Gentlemen for two Pence a Night, and if a Gentleman and Lady came together, then he got three Pence for a Bed. His House was a Thorow-fare, and always open to all Comers, and so as I did not like such irregular Doings, I left his House, and provided for myself.
The Jury found her 


               guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


