





6. 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Adams 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew's Holborn


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Gold Ring, value 11 s. a Silver Spoon, value 4 s. 6 d. and 5. Guineas in Money, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Joshua 
                           Howard 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling House
            , July 16
.
Joshua Howard. The Prisoner liv'd 3 Weeks with me as a Servant
; on the 18th of July, in the Morning, she went away, - before my Wife was up. Her going away in this Manner made me suspect she had robb'd me, so I search'd about the House, and I miss'd 5 Guineas, a Silver Spoon, and a Gold Ring; they were lock'd up in a corner Cupboard.
Q. Was the Cupboard broke?
Howard. No; therefore I suppose she had a Key which would open it; or she might watch her Opportunity and take our Keys.
Q. When, and how did you take the Prisoner?
Howard. I was informed she was at Islington, so I went there, and met her last Sunday Night near the Green Man, in the Road to Holloway. I charged her with the Robbery, and told her she must go with me; she said, she had not meddled with any Thing, but as we were coming along, she owned that she had taken two Guineas. I got a Warrant for her that Night, and carry'd her before a Justice; there she own'd she took the Spoon out of the Cupboard, and had laid it upon a Shelf in the Shop, upon which the Justice committed her to Prison. On-the Tuesday, the Justice would have had her to have sign'd her Confession, but she refused. She told us, that she had taken the two Guineas one Morning when my Wife was gone to Covent Garden. We are both of us out every Morning about two Hours; she goes out with Fruit, and I with Milk.
Howard's Wife. A Neighbour having informed me, that my Maid liv'd extravagantly when I was abroad, I suspected her to be the Thief; so I enquired into the Affair, and I found out this Mrs. Victor, her Acquaintance. Mrs. Victor had receiv'd a Guinea from the Prisoner, to buy Shifts and Aprons. Upon this, I taxed her with the Robbery; - She wished sad Wishes, if ever she was Mistress of a Guinea in her Life: (this was one Night when we were going to Bed.) I told her I would enquire farther into it next Morning, but next Morning, when I got up, - my Maid was run away.


                  Ann 
                  Victor 
               



            . I did not know any Thing of her having any of Howard's Money: - 'tis true - indeed, - she did give me a Guinea to buy some Linnen for her; and she told me it was Part of her Wages, receiv'd at a Place in the Country; but a Fellow-Servant where she had left her Cloaths, having run away with them, she must desire me to lay out that Guinea in Linnen for her.
Q. When was all this?
Victor. This was within a Week after she came into Howard's Service. I saw she had 2 Guineas more, (at that Time) and some Silver.
Mrs. Howard. The Prisoner own'd, that she took the Money out of a Horn Cup, two or three Days after her first coming to us.
Defence. I am very Innocent, - I was frighted when they took me, and did not know what I did
Q. But what was the Reason that you ran from your Service in so abrupt a Manner? What do you say to that?
Prisoner. I was frighted, - and so I was, when I was before the Justice.
Mr. Howard. She was never threaten'd at all; she confessed voluntarily where the Things were. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


