





58. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Norman 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew's Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entring (with 
                     
                        William 
                        Morris 
                     



                   not yet taken) the House of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Barker 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing a Woman's Silk Night Gown, value 30 s. a Woman's work'd Gown, value 3l. a Silk Petticoat, value 30 s. a Cloth Coat, value 20 s. a Pair of Breeches, value 2 s. a Pair of Sheets, value 5 s. 3 Linen Aprons, value 14 s. and a Silk Apron, value 3 s. on the 10th of December
, about 8 at Night
            .
[At the Prisoner's Desire, the Witnesses were examin'd a-part.]


                  Henry 
                  Barker 
               



            . About 3 Weeks before Christmas, I lost the Goods mentioned in the Indictment. My House is in Fetter-Lane


, the Goods were in a Back-Parlour; there's an Entry goes from the Street Door, to that Parlour. I suppose the Street Door was open, but the Parlour Door was lock'd. About 9 at Night, as we were going to Bed, we saw the Parlour Door was broke open, and presently miss'd the Goods. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Powers 
               



             being in the Poultry-Compter, sent for me, and told me, that the Prisoner burst off the Staple of the Parlour Door.


                  Edward 
                  Powers 
               



            . On Tuesday Night, the 10th of the last Month but one, the Prisoner and I, and Will. Morris, found the Prosecutor's Door open, and so we went along the Entry to the Kitchen Door.
Court. The Kitchen Door?
Powers. I suppose it was the Kitchen, because it was upon the Ground Floor, and we went a good Way down an Entry; I am sure it was a Back-Room, but I don't know what Name they may call it by. So when we came to the Door, says the Prisoner, this Lock will fly, and with that he burst it open.
Prisoner. Where did we meet that Night?
Powers. At Mr. Dacres's House.
Dacres. I don't remember that I saw Norman there.
Powers. Mr. Dacres's Maid knows of our being there.
Maid. I don't remember that I saw them together. About a Fortnight after Christmas, I saw the Prisoner at our Door talking with my Sister, but Powers was not there then.
Prisoner. Two Years ago this Person was taken up for ing of Money out of People and he has been out of Jail but 3 Months and yet he has got 18 Robberies in his Information: Is it likely he could be concerned in so many Facts, and have so many Accomplices in so short a Time? He has put a great many innocent Men, besides me, in his Information. never drank but twice with him in my Life.
Court. Has not the Prisoner been an Evidence himself?
A Turnkey. Yes, my Lord, he was an Evidence last Summer against* 5 young Fellows, who were all capitally convicted, but were afterwards transported.
* J. Robins, V. Robins, Barret, Chorley, and Dangerfield, in July last. Vid. Sessions Paper for last Year, Numb. 6, p. 153.
The Jury 


               acquitted the Prisoner of the Burglary, and found him guilty of the Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


