





8. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Webb 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a silver Watch value 3 l. from the Person of 
                     
                        Ben.
                         Johnson
                     




, Nov. 26
.
Ben. Johnson. About 7 at Night, I met this Gentlewoman, in Broad St. Giles's, she ask'd me, to give her a Dram I refus'd, but she follow'd me, and begg'd for a Pint of Beer. At last I went with her to the Three Compasses against St. Giles's Church


, where we had three Pints. We went into a private Room by ourselves, and I hid my Watch then; but before we had empty'd the last Pint, I miss'd it. Upon which I call'd the Landlord, and sent for the Constable, who carry'd her to the W house, and from thence to the Round-House, where my Watch was found upon her.



                  Jonathan 
                  Hazledine 
               



            . I keep the Round-house. The Prisoner was brought thither to be searched for the Watch, but as we could find nothing of it in any Part of her Clothes, we concluded she had put it in a certain private Place; I found it there, and pull'd it out by the String.


                  John 
                  King 
               



            , Watchman. When we could not find the Watch in her Cloaths, I said, I believed she had hid it in a particular Place, which is easy to guess at without naming, for I knew such things had been done by other Gentlewomen on the like Occasion. So we propos'd to search her, but she refusing to let us, Mr. Hazledine, the Governor of the Round house, desir'd his Wife to do it ; but she bid him do it himself and he would, for she would not be concern'd in any such sobb. Whereupon he undertook it, and I and the Constable of the Night, assisted in holding the Prisoner, while he examin'd her, and in a little time he took the Watch out of the Close-Clipboard.


                  Joseph 
                  Anderson 
               



            . When we had search'd her in the common Way, and could not find it, King told us, he believ'd he knew where it was, and that a superficial Examination would signify nothing, for if we expected to get it, we must search to the Bottom. So I held her Hands, and turn'd my Backside to her Feet while they made the Search, for I did not much care to see how they proceeded. I heard one of them say, that he felt it, and soon after, that he had got it out, and then I venture to look back, and saw the Watch in his hand. He wip'd it, and gave it to me, and it is.
Prisoner. I and my Husband had quarrel'd, and I was crying as I went along the Street, when the Prosecutor met me, and ask'd me, what I cry'd ? I told him, I had got a wicked Husband that had abused me, My Dear, says he, will you leave him, and go along with me? o, says I, tho' he has been a barbarous Man te, I'll never do that, for I bare two Children by him, and am now big with another. Will., says he, you may go and drink with me, Forever. And so at last, he overpersuaded me and when we came to the Alehouse, he wanted to have to do with me, but having no Money he gave me the Watch to pawn for a Guinea, and then, because I refus'd to let him have his Will, he charged me with picking his Pocket, and sent for a Constable, who carried me to the Round-house, where they stumbled and strumbled, and trowd me about till the Watch was found.
Constable. She told me she knew nothing of the Watch, and never so much as saw it, but when we had found it upon her, she desired me to make the Matter as early as I could.
The Jury found her 


               guilty to the value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


