





8. 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Newman , otherwise 
Wroth




               
            , of the Parish of Hornsey


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the House of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Gillow 
                        



                      
                  , and stealing 6 Silver Spoons, value 3l. 1 Silver Candlestick, value 15 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gillow 
                        



                      
                  ; 1 Silver Tobacco Box, value 20s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Paul 
                        



                      
                  , and 1 Cloth Coat, value 5s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Chambers 
                        



                      
                  , the 9th of December
, about the Hour of 3 in the Morning
            .
Francis Gillow. I know these Things to be mine, these 6 Spoons, and this Candle-stick: I lost them the 29th of December last, from my House at Highgate


. and they were found on the Prisoner, who was my Servant
.


                  Anthony 
                  Wells 
               



            . I know the Prisoner; these Goods were taken out of his Pocket, before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Gonson 
               



             in Gray's-Inn. I followed the Prisoner from Kentish Town, and seeing he had some Things in a Sack, I overtook him, bid him Goodmorrow, and asked him to spend a Penny with me, to get him apprehended.


                  Benjamin 
                  Paul 
               



            . There is my Name on the Tobacco-Box; Mr Gillow is a Brewer, and I am his Clerk
. My Box was in a Scrutore locked up in Mr. Gillow's Parlour; it might be a Fortnight before the Robbery I saw it last, but I am positive it was there: I got up to the 20th of December, between two and three in the Morning, went out and shut the Door after me. The Scrutore in the Parlour was broke open, but I did not see any Marks of Violence on the Street Door.
Mr. De Veil. The Prisoner at first denied the Fact before me; but the Goods being found upon him in my Presence; he told me the Man that detected him was as great a Rogue as himself, and that they both went into the House together.  Acquitted of the Burglary, and found 


               guilty to the Value of 39 s
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


