






3, 4. 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Whitesides 
                  



                
            ,*  and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Marshall 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               privately stealing 19 pair of Men's Wash-leather Gloves, val. 20 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joan 
                           Wall 
                        




                      
                  , Widow, in her Shop
            , Jan. 21
.
*Whitesides was in April, 1732, convicted of stealing a Hat. Sessions-Paper, Numb, IV. pag. 114. And last Sessions he was try'd with 
               
                  James 
                  Ford 
               



             for a Burglary, but they were both acquitted.


                  Robert 
                  Alcock 
               



            . I live with Mrs. Wall, who keeps a Shop
 the Corner of Mark-lane in Tower-street


. In the Evening I shut the Sash-door next the Street, but did not bolt it, and went backward to light Candles. In about 5 Minutes I return'd with the Candles, and found the Door open. I look'd in the Pigeon-holes behind the Counter, and miss'd a Parcel of Men's Gloves, upon which I enquir'd in the Neighbourhood, if any suspicious Persons had been about the Door; and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Pitt 
               



             inform'd me, that he had seen such a one as Whitesides loitering up and down, and sometimes standing by a Ballad-singer; and he said, if we went directly to Rag-Fair, we might chance to find him with the Goods in some Gin-shop. So Pitt, and 
               
                  John 
                  Hawkins 
               



            , and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Ford 
               



            , and I went all together. And as we were passing by the backside of the first House, from Tower-hill, going into Rag-fair, we look'd in at a Window, where there was a Candle, and saw Whitesides trying on a pair of the Gloves; upon which we went to the Fore-door, and found Marshall shutting up the Stall (it was an Apple-stall;) we search'd him, and took one pair of Gloves out of his Pocket, and then we went in; but having made some Disturbance in seizing Marshall, I suppose Whitesides took the Alarm and hid the Gloves; for at our first going into the Back-room we could find nothing but the Paper they had been wrapp'd in, and one pair lying loose on the Dresser: However, upon farther search we found the rest under a Cherry-Sieve. Whitesides ran up Stairs, and Marshall got into the Cellar; but we got a Constable and secur'd them both.


                  Richard 
                  Pitts 
               



            . As I stood at my Door, a Girl was singing Ballads, and Whitesides came and saunter'd about her for some time, and all on a sudden he was gone. I was hardly three Minutes after, when Robert Alcock came out, and said, he had lost a Parcel of Gloves. I told him what a loose Chap I had seen, and that if we went immediately to Rag-fair, it was a Chance if we did not find him a selling the Gloves in some of the Gin-ships. So we and 2 more went, and at a Back-window, I saw Whitesides standing by a Candle, and trying a Pair on. We took Marshall at the Door, and found a pair of Gloves in his Pocket, and going backwards, Whitesides ran up, and Marshall down Stairs. One pair of Gloves lay on the Dresser, and the rest we found under a Cherry-sieve, which a Girl was sitting on. Marshall bid Whitesides go and fetch the Man they bought the Gloves of, and Whitesides would fain have gone, but we would not trust him.
Whitesides. I was try'd here last Sessions, and resolving to get clear of ill Company I enter'd my self on board a Ship; but going to take Leave of my Brother, I met Marshall, who ask'd me to buy a pair of Gloves, and so I stepp'd into the House to try them on.
Marshall. That's very true, for Whitesides is an innocent Man. I found the Gloves in a Dust-hole by the Postern on Tower-hill, and meeting one Mrs Pattison, she desir'd me to call at the Corner-house going to Rag-fair, and help the Girl ( 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Gibbs 
               



             ) to shut up Shop, which I did, and Whitesides coming by, I said to him, See here, what I have found! and, says he, What will you have for a Pair? I told him, a Groat. So he went backwards to try them on, and in the mean time these People came and broke in upon us. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


