





16. + 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Woodward 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver Watch, value 31. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Lock 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling-house
             , Nov. 24
.


                  Edward 
                  Lock 
               



             . The Prisoner, with a Man who belongs to a marching Regiment, came to my House, to take a Lodging, and the Prisoner went up Stairs with me to look at a Room; my Watch happening to hang at the Bed's Head, she desired me to put my Head out of the Window, and call the Man (who came with her) that he might likewise see the Lodging. What's your Husband's Name said I? O says she, you need only call - Corporal. I did so, and while I was going to the Window, I saw her go to the Bed's Head. After I had called - Corporal, he came up to the Top of the Stairs, but she pushed him back, and told him, the Room would not do. I followed them down Stairs, and they had not been gone long , before a Thought came into my Head, that perhaps I had lost my Watch. I went up Stairs, and saw 'twas gone. Upon which I searched after the Corporal, and found him, and by his Means we took the Prisoner; and she owned, she had sold the Watch to a Man at the Star-Inn, in the Strand I never got it again; it was sold for nineteen Shillings, to one 
               
                  George 
                  Steward 
               



            , who belongs to the Train of Artillery.


                  William 
                  Rittle 
               



             confirmed the former Evidence.
Prisoner. As to that Man, he has sworn nine Lives away two Years ago. The Soldier that was with me, is as much Guilty as I am, though they have let him go. 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


