





69. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     King 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Spoon, value 6 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Richardson 
                  




                
            , Sept. 2
.


                  William 
                  Richardson 
               



            . I was in the Country when the Spoon was taken; when I came Home my Servant told me she suspected the Prisoner had got it. I went to her in St. James's Workhouse, and asked her how she could take the Spoon? She told me she was drunk when she did it, and own'd she took it from the Dresser in the Kitchen. I took her before Justice Lambert, and he committed her to Tothill fields Bridewell As we were carrying her thither, she told me she had pawn'd it at Mrs. Martin's in Peter-street. I found it there; and paid 6 s. and three half-pence for it again. The Prisoner liv'd by blacking Shoes, and sweeping the Streets
, - she was not my Servant.
Prisoner. The Prosecutor condescended to let me pawn it.
Richardson. No; I did not. I told her I knew a Gentleman that was acquainted with Justice Lambert, and if she would let me know where the Spoon was, I would get him to do her what Service I could; upon which she told me where I might find it.


                  Mary 
                  Martin 
               



            . The first Time I ever saw the Prisoner, she came to pledge a Petticoat for 6 d. when she fetch'd the Petticoat, she pledg'd this Spoon. She told me it was one Mrs. Walker's, who wanted a little Money to make up her Rent.


                  Eliz.
                   Auvash
               



            . The Creature came to me, and ask'd for a little small Beer, I bid her come down with me into the Kitchen, and I suppose, while I drew the Beer, she took the Spoon, for I miss'd it as soon as she was gone. 


               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


