






9, 10. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                      Edesbury , alias 
Edsfworth




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                      Griffith , alias 
Griffin




               
            , 


               were indicted for stealing a Silver-Cup, value 40 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Matth.ew 
                     Bird 
                  




                
            , July 23


Mr. Bird. I kept the Ship-Tavern at Temple-Bar




 and was burnt out by the Fire that happen'd there, on the 23d of July, about 2 in the Morning - And afterwards a Man came, and enquir'd, if I had not lost a Silver Cup, and a Brass-candlestick - I knew the Cup was mine by the Mark, but was not so positive to the Candlestick, and therefore did not put it in the Indictment.


                  James 
                  Jemmit 
               



            . I keep a Brandy-shop at the End of Gloucester-Court in White-Cross-street. On the 23d of July between 6 and 7 in the Morning, the Prisoner came to my Shop for a Dram. The Woman had something ty'd up in a Handkerchief, and desir'd me to let her leave it a little while in my Shop, and let Nobody but her have it. So she put it upon the head of a Cask, and they both went away together; the Man came again by himself, in half an Hour, and wanted the Bundle. No, says I, the Woman bid me deliver it to Nobody but herself. Well, says he, then take care of it and don't let her have it except I come with her, for there is something of Value in it. Something of Value? Says I, Then it can never belong to her, for she thinks herself rich when she's worth a Bushel of Cinders - You must know she's a Cinder-Wench - It's no matter for that, says he, there is a Salver Taster in it. So I opens the Handkerchief, and there was a Parcel of Rabbit-skins, a Brass-candlestick, and this Silver-cup. Is this your Taster? Says I, 'tis a good sizeable one! By and by in comes the Woman, and I charges a Constable with them. And upon enquiring I found out the Prosecutor; I had never seen Edesbury before, but the Woman had been several times at my Shop.


                  Sarah 
                  Griffin 
               



            . I had been at Covent-Garden Market, and as I came back I found this man (Edesbury) standing at the Fire. He had got the Cup and Candlestick under his Coat, and he ask'd me if I knew any House where I could leave them for him.


                  Thomas 
                  Edesbury 
               



            . Are not you a lying Toad? Did you ever see me in your Life before - My Lord she's wicked vile Woman, never set Eyes on her in my Days.
Court. It seems you were taken up together.
Edesbury. That's true to be sure; but I never had the least acquaintance with her till that Morning when I happen'd to see her at the Fire - I was drinking at the Woolpack in Petticoat-Inn till 12 at Night, with others of the Craft - The gentle Craft, my Lord; and there was a Prize-shoe to be shewn, and after that I went to see one of my Shop-mates home to St. Martin's lane; and in coming back I saw this Woman at the Fire with these Things in her Apron. You Bitch you, says I, what have you got in your Lap? She said it was something she had found, and then she ask'd where Tom Gilpin was -
Court. 
               
                  Tom 
                  Gilpin 
               



            ? You said you had never seen her before, how came she then to know that you were acquainted with Tom Gilpin?
Edesbury. That's well observed indeed, my Lord - I believe I over-run my self a little there - I have but a bad memory, for I forgot the main Article - Yes, I had seen her before, for I and my Shop-mate and Tom Gilpin, coming from Petticoat-lane, met this Creature in Cheapside and pick'd her up; Tom asked her to go to Drury-lane, and she agreed to it: But there she dropt me, and my Shop-mate went along with Tom; and so I and my Shop mate went to St. Martin's-lane together; and as I came back I met this Bitch at the Fire, and ask'd her what she had got in her Apron, and so she came to ask me where Tom Gilpin was; You Bitch, says I, You have must reason to know where he is, for you were with him last. And then she and I went through Temple Bar into Fleet-street, and turn'd down Chancery-lane, and so came to Fetter lane, and then to Shoe-lane, and down Harp-Alley to Fleet-ditch, and up Fleet-lane to the Old-Baily, and cross Newgate-street to Giltspur-street, and through Pye-Corner into Smithfield, and so to Long-lane, and cross Aldersgate-street to Barbican, and then down Red-Cross-street, and up White-Cross-street to Jemmit's Brandy-shop; and there we drank together, and she left the Things and then we parted.
Court. But you thought fit to call there and demand the Bundle, as if you had aright to it; and it seems you knew there was something of value in it.
Jemmit again. When the Constable came, Edesbury said, for Christ's sake be favourable, or I shall be hang'd for these Things; and he own'd they were taken at the Fire.
Edesbury. I said I believ'd she had stole them there - And has for her part she got drunk, and gave Jemmit a slap of the Chops as she was going into Newgate.
William Drogheda and 
               
                  Job 
                  Williams 
               



             depos'd, that Edesbury had Lodg'd with then, and they took him to be a very honest Fellow.
The Jury found both the Prisoners 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


