






69. 
               
                  
                     Christian 
                     Brown 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Thursby 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a Damask Gown, value 7 l. a Silk Petticoat, value 4 l. a Velvet Manteuil, value 3 l. and a Velvet Hood, value 1 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Rowland 
                           Allen 
                        




                      
                   in his House
            , in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields


, Octob. 27
.
Mr. Allen. The Prisoners were both my Servants
; Thursby came to live with me on the 14th of August last. Brown was my Cook
. They both lay together in a Room, up three Pair of Stairs: My Mother lay in another Room on the same Floor. On the 27th of October my House was broke and robb'd in the Night: I don't know who did it; but we were alarmed by Thursby. She goes first to my Mother, lays her Hand on her Face and wakes her, and tells her there were three Rogues in the House; but desires her not to come out of her Room for fear the Rogues should murder her. Then she goes to the Window and calls out Thieves. The Noise waked me. I got up, and taking the Key of the Door with me, went down Stairs, I found all my Doors and Windows fast, except the Parlor Window, and that was open. The Sash was thrown up, and the two Alarm-Bells were taken and laid down upon the Table. The Drawers were open. The Goods in the Indictment were taken away; besides which, there was a Petticoat dropt, and a Gown half in and half out. Thursby told me that as she was a-bed with Brown she was waked by the Noise of her own Trunk being broke open, and then saw three Men, one in Grey, one in Olive, and one in Black: That two of them had Masks, and the other had a black Crape over his Face, and a long Knife in his Hand, that he threatned to cut their Throats if they did not lye still; that he plunder'd her Trunk, took out her Cloths and a Purse of Money which he chink'd in his Hand, and then they tyed up her Clothes in a Table-Cloth and went away - I called in a Constable: he said. This must be done by your own Servants. I said, I believed my Men to be very honest, and had no suspicion of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Thursby 
               



            , because she had been robb'd; but Brown had lost nothing, and therefore carried her before a Justice who, committed her to the Gatehouse, where she lay three Days - Three Weeks after this we found a Suit of Thursby's Clothes at Pawn, and they proved to be the same that she said she had been robb'd of: Upon this I carried her before the Justice. At first, she said she had pawn'd no Clothes, but afterwards own'd that those were hers. She was carried before the Justice again the next Day; but as we could prove nothing upon her, he bid her go home again, and not fly from me, for if she did he told her it would be an Argument of Guilt. But notwithstanding this, she left my House and I went next Day to enquire for her at a House in Wapping, where her Mother-in-Law lives: Her Mother-in-Law told me that she had been a Thief to her -
Court. You must not swear to what the Mother-in-Law told ye - Tis no Evidence.
Mrs. Allen. Thursby said she had lost 20 Guineas and the Value of 20 l. in Clothes. One Suit which she said was lost at that time, we afterwards found at Pawn, where it had laid three Weeks before.
Prisoner Thursby. Was not there a Corner-Cupboard full of Plate in the Parlor from whence your Goods were taken?
Mrs. Allen. Yes, there was Plate.
Thursby. As I knew this: it is likely, if I had been concerned in the Robbery, that I would have taken the Gowns and Petticoats and left the Plate?
Court. Did you ever find any of your Goods again?
Mrs. Allen. No, none of them.


                  Mary 
                  Keeble 
               



            . Thursby pawn'd those Clothes to me.
Court. What Clothes?
Mary Keeble. I suppose they were her own. I have them here in a Paper - But - beging your Pardon - I must put my Spectacles on - Let me see - and here's a Gown and Coat Sept. 7. laid for 40 s: Sept 13, a Cap for 5 s. Octob. 8. a black silk-Hood and a Body of a Shift for 4 s. Octob. 12 a Velvet Cap for 6 s. Octob. 19. a Pair of Ruffles for 5 s. - that's the last - the last? No, hold - here's some in November - but that's nothing -.
Mrs. Allen. That Gown and Coat she said she was robb'd of: tho' she had pawn'd it in September, and we were not robb'd till the 27th of October.
Thursby. 'Tis not the same, for the Gown and Coat that I lost were of another Colour. My Mistress knows that I told her another Colour; and as I told her, so it was put in the Advertisement, and here the Advertisement is to prove it.

Mrs. Allen. It was a drest Suit, and she told me that she had but one drest Suit.


                  Sarah 
                  Cox 
               



            . On the 20th of November, Thursby came to me much better drest than I had seen her lately. She brought these Men's Shoes and Stockings and desired to get her a Suit of Men's Apparel, and procure her a Passage to Jamaica with some Captain that would take her as his Boy. She seem'd to be under a great Concern; but being so well drest I said to her, Mrs. Collet, (for that was her first Husband's Name) the Times are well mended. She answered, But indifferent. Are ye out of Service says I. Aye says she, I have left my Master these three Weeks, tho' it seems she had then been come away but one Day; And she told me that Captain Towers had given her a Suit of Cloaths, and a Fan and five Guineas.


                  Henry 
                  Tomlin 
               



            . Thursby came to me on the 25th of August in a Brocade Suit with red Flowers. Court. Are ye sure it was in August. H. T. Yes. Court. Were those the Clothes that were pawned? H. T. Yes - I am glad to see you so tight says I. And so, says she, 
               
                  Christian 
                  Brown 
               



             our Cook let three Men into our House and kept them five Hours in the Dust-hole, and then they came up Stairs in Disguise, and one of them had a long Knife, and I lay with my Hand upon my Eyes pretending to be asleep for fear they should kill me, and they took this Brocaded Suit out of my Trunk.
Court. How is this possible? Could she tell you on the 25th of August, that she was robb'd on the 27th of October following?
H. T. No, this was not all at the same time. She came to me in that Suit on the 25th of August, and she came again in October, and it was then that she told me the Rogues had robb'd her of the Suit she had on the last time she saw me.
Mrs. Tomlin deposed to the same Effect.
Thursby. My Master and Mistress tamper'd with these People to make it up with me; but I would not agree to it.


                  Martin 
                  Johnson 
               



            . Mrs. Allen was at my House several times, and endeavour'd to persuade me to go to the Prisoner Thursby, and tell her that I could swear, that I knew the Clothes that were at pawn were the same as she said she had lost.


                  Mary 
                  Johnson 
               



            . Mrs. Allen came to me, and shew'd me a Piece of Silk, and said, Go to your Sister, and swear, that you can swear this to be a Piece of the Clothes that she lost.
Then ten or twelve Witnesses appear'd to the Prisoner's Reputation. They deposed that she was about 21 Years of Age, and they had known her some seven or eight, some fifteen, some twenty Years, and that she bore a very good Character.
The Jury acquitted 

               Brown
            , and found Thursby 


               guilty to the value of 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


