





 35. 
               
                  
                     Nathan 
                     Cockran 
                  



               
            , of St. Luke's, Middlesex


, was indicted for 


               stealing 22 Dozen of Silk Loopes, value 50 s. eight Gross of white Thread ditto, value 7 l. one lb of Thread, value 5 s. 9 d. a Linnen Apron, value 4 d. and two Bandboxes, value 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Turland 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling-House
            , March 25
.


                  Henry 
                  Turland 
               



             I have nothing to say, but that the Goods were my Property, and were stole out of my House in Noble-street


, on the 25th of March. There was about 22 Dozen of Silk Loopes, and 8 Gross of Thread Loopes, a Pound of Thread, a Check Apron, and two Bandboxes. I saw them all in the back Room below Stairs, on Saturday the 25th of March, and on Monday following, we miss'd them. Upon Enquiry, I found that this Witness (Elizabeth Haydon) knew something of the Affair, so I had her before Mr. Justice Polson, and she discover'd the Prisoner and his Wife. Thro' her Means we took him; and we found some of the Goods at Mr. Compton's ot the White-Hart in Pater-noster-row, 12 or 13 Dozen of them were sold there. When Cockran was taken up, he own'd he had had the Goods, but he told us, he had them from one Bolingbroke and his Wife. Two Gross he said were pawn'd, he could not tell where, and the rest he deliver'd to Eliz. Haydon to dispose of for him. Part of the Goods which were found in Pater noster-row, were carry'd before my Lord-Mayor, and were put into the Hands of Nettlefold the Constable.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Haydon 
               



            . The Prisoner sent for me on the Thursday before Good-Friday to his Lodging; I went up Stairs, and he shew'd me a great quantity of Silk and thread Loopes. There were 16 dozen of Silk Loopes, and 6 gross and better of thread Loopes. He told me if I would dispose of them for him, he would satisfy me for my Trouble. I saw no Banboxes, nor any check Apron. I ask'd him whose they were? He said they were his own, and he ty'd them up in a Handkerchief, and his Wife and I went to Mr. Crouch's Shop, (he is dead, and Mr. Compton keeps it now) Mr Compton would not have bought them if he had not known me. He knew me, and bought 12 or 13 Dozen of Silk and Thread Loopes together, and the Prisoner had the Money. 'Twas either 14 or 15 s. that we had for them, I can't tell which. I told him I never did sell such Goods for the Money, but having Cockran's Consent, I took the Money and gave it to him, at the Post-Boy in Black-Fryar's. After this, I sold 6 Dozen to one Mr. Plummer in the Borrough for 6 s. Tee Prisoner's Wife and he were both at the Door, the same Time. This Money I likewise deliver'd to the Prisoner, and he gave me 3 s. 6 d. for my Trouble.
Prisoner. I desire she may be asked, whether one Mrs. Deal, did not deliver her the Goods at 1 s. per Dozen?
Haydon. I don't know Mrs. Deal, nor did I ever see her in my Life, as I know of.
Prisoner. Was not Mr. Deal and his Wife in the Room when she was there, and took the Loopes to dispose of?
Haydon. No, there was none in the Room but the Prisoner.
Eliz. Turland. I saw about 6 Dozen of the same Goods I had lost in Mr. Compton's Shop in Pater-noster row. We gave him Notice to be here Yesterday; but I have not seen him here to Day. Mr. Compton own'd before my Lord-Mayor, that he bought them of 2 Women, one of whom, he knew to be a Loop-maker upon Clerkenwell-Green, but he said he could not tell where to find her. I saw only Thread Loopes at his Shop, but he said he had bought 2 Dozen of Silk Coat Loopes among them, at 2 s per Dozen, when a Crown a Dozen is my Market Price. My Lord granted me his Warrant to bring Mr. Compton before him, and he order'd him to let the Constable have the Goods. I saw them, and they were part of the Goods I lost. Mr. Compton said he did not know the Value of them. My Lord-Mayor granted me a Warrant for Mr. Plummer in the Borough, but he refused to let me have my Goods, unless I would pay him 12 s. tho' I saw them at his Shop, and he gave but 6 s. for them.
Mr. Turland. Mr. Justice Engier told me I must return Mr. Plummer 12 s. then I might take my Goods. Mr. Plummer and his Wife said, they bought them of 2 Women who had a great deal of Work, and that they might have bought much more; and Mrs. Plummer told her Husband she had a Notion that they were 2 loose Creatures, of whom he bought this Work, and she seem'd to be frighted. Mr. Plummer lives at the 3 Kings on the other Side of the Bridge.
Prisoner. I had the Goods of one Deal and his Wife; and Haydon saw me deliver the Money she gave me to Deal and his Wife, at the Post Boy, and they gave her 6 s.
Haydon. I never changed a Word with any one but the Prisoner upon this Affair; nor had I any Money but what he gave me.
Cockran. Here's the Prisoner who heard Haydon say, she would swear my Life away for a full Pot of Beer.


                  Tho 
                  James 
               



            , a Prisoner. I am in Custody for taking a Handkerchief. I heard Haydon say, she had the Loopes to dispose of from Cockran's House. I heard nothing more 


               Guilty, 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


