







35, 36, 37, 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Blunt 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Powle 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Star 
                  



                
            , were indicted with 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Drummond 
               



            , not taken, for 


               stealing 18 Pieces of Silk for Handkerchiefs, value 6 l. one piece of Cambrick for ditto, value 18 s. five pair of worsted Stockings, value 18 s. the Goods of William and 
                     
                        Latchlin 
                        Ross 
                     



                   , in their Shop
              in the Parish of Kensington


, March 10
.


                     William 
                     Ross 
                  



                
            . On the 11th of March about five in the Morning, a Watchman came from St. Giles's, and knock'd us up, and enquired if we had not been robb'd? we found that a shew Glass near the Window had been broke, and it must have been done before the Shop was shut up, for the Shutters of the Window were whole and fast. The Goods mention'd in the Indictment, were taken out of this Shew-Glass, which I am sure was whole (and the Goods were in it) about a Quarter of an Hour before we shut up the Shop.
Latchlin Ross. His Evidence was to the same Effect.


                  Edward 
                  Haines 
               



            . We set out from -
Q. How old are you?
Haines. I was 14 last October.
Q. Do you know the Nature of an Oath?
Haines. Yes; I should not take a false Oath against any Body, if I do, I shall go to Hell; the Devil will have me, and I shall burn in Fire and Brimstone for ever. - We set out from Blunt's Cellar to Kensington the 10th of March; it was not quite Dark when we got there, so we walked up and down 'till Kensington Clock struck eight. Then we came to this House, and Powel took a Knife and cut the Putty from a Pane of Glass and took the Glass out; then he let some of the Glass fall down, and I took the rest out of his Hand and put it into a Cart-rut. When he had clear'd the Glass out, he took out the Silk Handkerchiefs and I took out four Pieces more, and five Pair of Stockings: then the Prisoner Starr came up, and he took out several more; how many, I cannot tell. Blunt and Drummond took out more. Powel made me try again, and I got more; but we observing a Gentlewoman to stand at some Distance, we were afraid of being discover'd, we bundled up the Things and carried them in our Bosoms and Pockets to Blunt's Cellar in Church-Lane, St. Giles's. (in this Cellar he sells Gin, and harbours Thieves and Pickpockets) When we came to Blunt's, we found there were seventy Handkerchiefs, and five pair of Stockings; that was one Pair for each of us, and the odd Pair was made a Present of to Blunt's Wife. We intended to sell all we had got the next Day, so we bundled them up again, and put them under Blunt's Bolster, and then we all went to Bed. Presently after this, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Steel 
               



            , Drummond's Wife came in and told us, that Blunt would certainly cheat us out of some of the Goods, because we were (all of us) drunk so William Starr went to Blunt's Bed, and would have the Goods from under his Bolster. Blunt would not part with them, but after some high Words, he threw them at him, and got out of Bed in his Shirt and charged the Watchman with Starr, and Starr charged the Watchman with Blunt. So the Discovery was made.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with this Company?
Haines. Not above three Months: My Father sent me to Tothill Bridewell, for stealing some Half-pence from him, and there I got acquainted with Starr. We us'd to be at Blunt's Cellar all Day, and at Night we us'd to turn out. If we had no Money he'd trust us, even to the value of 5 s. He supply'd us with Gin, and boil'd two-penny Mutton Chops for us. I came acquainted with Powel, at one Marget Fox's in Church-Lane, who was cast last Sessions for Transportation. Powel would have been glad to have been made an Evidence that he might have sav'd Starr, for Starr and he were born at Bristol, and were Townsmen.
Q. Does Blunt sell Gin, in his Cellar now?
Haines. Now - no not now, - but his Wife does.


                  Lawrence 
                  Nott 
               



            , Constable. Between twelve and one at Night March 10, Blunt came into the Watch-house in his Shirt, and Powel was with him; they called one another Thieves, and Powel said, he could carry me where I might take ten Thieves more. As I was going to take these ten Thieves, I met this little Boy (the Evidence) and Blunt's Wife, coming along with the Goods. Powel carry'd us to Blunt's Cellar, where we found Drummond and five Boys more. I intended Powel for an Evidence, but Mr. De Viel not thinking him ingenuous in his Confession, admitted this Boy ( Haines ) to be one.


                  Susannah 
                  Strooper 
               



            , 
               
                  Ruth 
                  Beaumout 
               



            , 
               
                  Robert 
                  Worral 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Bird 
               



            , and 
               
                  Susan 
                  Butler 
               



            , appear'd to Blunt's Character.
Prisoner Blunt. They did come to my Habitation with about Half a Guineas-worth of Things, and afterwards when I was asleep, they brought in more and put them under the Beds Head, and my Wife and her Sister serv'd them, out of the Gin that I keep for my own drinking, to the Value of 2 s. 4 d. farthing. I found something was under my Head, and mistrusting 'twas not honestly come by, I jump'd out of Bed and accused them; they said they would swear my Life away, so carry'd some of them to the Watch-house, and order'd the Things to be carried to the Constable of the Night.
Blunt to Haines Did I ever sell any Thing for you, or take any Thing in Pawn from you?
Haines. Powel sold him a pair of ribb'd Stockings, but the Day before he was taken up. As he entertained us, we generally was in his Debt, so whatever we got, we brought to him, and left them with him till they were disposed of, and then we always paid him what we ow'd him. We ow'd him about a Crown when this Quarrel happen'd, and he would not be content to have 2 or 3 Pieces of Handkerchiefs, and that occasion'd this Riot. He was indeed at the taking of them, and got as many of them, as any one of us all.
Starr's Defence. In the first Place, my Lord, Haines and I, and 2 or 3 young Women, went to see the Men hang in Chains, and as we came back thro' Kensington, one of our Company said, there's a Chance for some Bird-ey'd Handkerchiefs; so we came to Blunt's, and resolved to set out the next Day: Accordingly next Day we went to one Adley's, and there we all din'd, and at 3 o'Clock we went to Kensington to rob this Man's Shop; we walk'd 2 Hours 'till 'twas dark, then Powel took out his Knife and cut the Putty, and took out the Glass, - so we got the Goods.


                  Edward 
                  Brothington 
               



             a Soldier. I supp'd with Blunt, in his Cellar the 10th of March, and a quarter after 8, I saw him go into Bed.
Haines. My Lord, this very Soldier was in the Cellar when we all came back from Kensington: All 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            







[Transportation. See summary.]


