





23. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Debell 
                  



               
            , of St. Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               stealing a barragon Coat, value 20 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Uriel 
                  




                
            , March 18
.
Richard Uriel. I only swear this Coat is mine: I carry'd it to be scower'd at Mary Myers's, and she told me it was stolen out of her Window.


                  Mary 
                  Myers 
               



            . Mr. Uriel brought this Coat to me to be scower'd, and somebody stole it the 18th of March.


                  Richard 
                  Heatley 
               



            . The Prisoner brought this Coat to sell in Rosemary-Lane. A Man that lives there agreed to give him 8 s. for it, but was dubious about his Property in it; I being present, the Prisoner said, if I would go with him, he could satisfy me about his Character; so I went with him to one Bigs's against St. Giles's Church, but he was not to be spoke with; then he carry'd me me to another Place, and at last to his Father's, and his Father came back with us, to the Man that was to buy it; but he not liking the Men, would have nothing to do with, so they had it away again. Some little Time afterwards, Mrs. Myers came to the Shops in Rosemary-Lane to enquire after such a Coat; I found the Prisoner out and got him committed; this is the Coat.
Myers. This is Uriel's Coat.
Uriel. This is the Coat I carried Myers to clean.
Defence. I went to Rosemary-Lane to buy a Coat, and as I was going along, I met a Man with this upon his Arm, and I bought it; 'tis a great deal too little for me indeed, but as it came cheap, I bought it; I gave 6 s. and a full Pot of Beer for it.
Q. This is a good Defence; can you call your Witnesses and prove it?
Prisoner. No, I have no Witnesses. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


