





19. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Adley 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lear 
                        




                      
                  , in the Parish of St. Giles's in the Fields


, and stealing 31 Brussels Lac'd Head-dresses, value 120 l. one Point-lace Cravat value 40 s. one Point-lace Pair of Ruffles value 20 s. 13 Ounces of Silver-lace value 3 l. three Yards of Velvet value 45 s. three Yards of Silk, 18 Pair of Bugle Tassels for Manteels, one striped sattin Gown, and several other Things, on the 10th of September
 last in the Night
            .


                  John 
                  Lear 
               



            . I deal in Apparel, mercery Linnen and Lace
; my Shop is in High Holborn


, near Drury-Lane. It was broke open on the 10th of September in the Night I lost 31 Suits of lac'd Headcloths, they were taken out of the 31 small Boxes that stood by the Window, but the Boxes were left behind; 7 Ounces of narrow open silver Lace, 12 Yards of broad silver Lace, and 5 Yards of narrow silver Lace, 3 Yards of black Velvet cut out for a Scarfe, and a red silk Lining for it; 18 Pair of Manteel Tassels, a sattin Gown, a Shift, an Apron, a Point-lace Neckcloth and Ruffles; 17 back Heads with Lace, 14 Suits of Nightclothes, and other Things. On the 25th of April, this back Head - 'tis new Brussels Lace, and cost me 20 Guineas - was brought to my Shop to be sold by Eliz. Eager: I presently knew it to be one of those that I had lost, and therefore enquir'd how she came by it: She said she had it from Mrs. Broadhurst in Monmonth-street. Upon farther Enquiry, I found that Mrs. Broadhurst had it from Mrs. Slurrow in Westminster ; Mrs. Slurrow from Mrs. Sanders, and she from the Prisoner. I obtain'd a search Warrant from my Lord Mayor, and went with Mrs. Sanders and others to the Prisoner's House in Pye-Corner. In the Table Drawer below Stairs I found this Pair of minteel red Tassels with white Bugles; I can safely swear to 'em, for I know 'em from a thousand; I had 'em made on Purpose to suit the Fancy of a particular Lady. My Wife and Brother, and the Constable, went up Stairs with the Prisoner, and brought down with them these 12 pair of black manteel Tassels, which I verily believe are part of those I lost. Then the Prisoner himself put his Hand behind some Pewter on a Shelf, and took out these two Brussels Lace Suits, and gave them to my Brother. We ask'd the Prisoner how he came by these Goods; he said he bought a Handkercherful of these and other things of a Woman in Rag-Fair. - At first he said for 3 Guineas, but afterward for 3 l. 8 s. And he said he believ'd he cou'd find the Person out if he might have his Liberty to look for her. We did not care to trust him alone, but went with him; he carried us into a House where a large Company of Men were sitting round a Table: He call'd to one of them, and said, Hark ye, Are not you the Man I bought the Lace of? - I the Man! says the other, No; I know nothing of it. Why then I am mistaken, says the Prisoner. By his asking a Man this Question when he had told us but a little before that he had them from a Woman, we found he was only shuffling with us, and so we carried him before a Magistrate, and then he said he had all the Things from Mrs. Sanders.
Court. What Business did the Prisoner follow?
Lear. I suppose he dealt in old Cloaths
, for I saw some lying upon the Floor, but he kept no publick Shop.
Mrs. Lear. On the 10th of December, between 10 and 11 at Night, we left the Shop all fast and went to Bed, and between 5 and 6 in the morning we were call'd up, and round we had been robb'd; several Holes had been bored in the Pannel of the outer Window Shutter, and then the Pannel was slit down and so taken out: A Piece of Woollen of the Colour of the Shutters was nail'd over the Hole and daub'd with Clay. Thro' this Hole they had push'd back the inner Shutters, and so taken the Goods off of two Shelves next the Window. without getting quite into the House. Behind the Counter lay the 31 empty Boxes and a Parcel of Cloaths that had been push'd down. - This Head I took out of the Prisoner's Pocket. - I'll tell ye the whole Tale presently. - I can swear to all these Goods, and to this red and white Tasse particularly.
Juryman. I think you said it was in December that your Shop was broke open.
Mrs. Lear. December, did I say? - Then I mistook. - It was in September. - On the 25th of April, 
               
                  Betty 
                  Eager 
               



             came to our Shop with this Head to sell. - We ask'd her where she had it? Why, of Mrs. Broadhurst : We sent for Mrs. Broadhurst, she came, and told us she had it of Mrs. Slurrow. We went to Mrs. Slurrow, and she carried us to Mrs. Sanders, who keeps a Chandler's Shop and takes in Pawns. Pray, Mrs. Sanders, says I, How did you come by this lac'd Head ? Why, says she, 
               
                  Tom 
                  Adley 
               



             desir'd me to sell it for him. And where does he live? says I. Why says she, he has often told me that he liv'd in Peter's-Street; but I sent my Maid one Day to watch him, and so I found that he liv'd in Pye Corner. So we got a Warrant and went thither, and ask'd him if he had given that Head to Mrs. Sanders. He deny'd it at first, but afterwards own'd it. Have you got any more such in the House? says I; no, says He; I had indeed more of this old fashion'd Lace, but I have sold it all. And where did you get it? says I. Why, says he, I bought it of a Gentlewoman in Rag-fair, over against the dead Wall; I had a Handkercherful of it for three Guineas. Three Guineas? says I. No, says he, now I remember, it was 3 l. 8 s. We found this pair of red Tassels in a Drawer below, and then my Brother and I and the Constable went up and found 12 pair of bugle Tassels. There was a Coat hanging up; I ask'd the Prisoner if it was his, and he said, Yes. I search'd the Pockets and took out this lac'd Head. Now, says I, this is plain Proof against you, and therefore you may as well confess. Why then, says he, there's more below. So he went down with us, and took these two Heads from behind some Pewter, and gave them to my Brother. And now, says he, if you'll let me have my Liberty, I'll find the Woman I bought 'em of. And so you'll run away, says I. No, says he, I'll give my Bond that I won't. Your Bond? says I, that would be a fine Security indeed! No, we'll call a Coach and go together. And so away we went, and he carried us to a House where there was a Parcel of Thieves sitting round a Table, and he beckon'd to one of them, and said, 
               
                  Young 
                  Man 
               



            , did not you sell me a Parcel of Lace? No not I, says the Man. We found bu this, there was nothing in the Prisoner's Pretence, and thought that by leading us about, he only wanted an Opportunity to get away; and so we carried him before a Justice, and when he came there he offer'd to make himself an Evidence, and said that he had all the Things from Mrs. Sanders. Says the Justice's Clerk, This Man was try'd not long ago for stealing a Horse.


                  Alice 
                  Sanders 
               



            . I keep a Chandler's Shop in Great St. Anne's-Lane, Westminster; my Husband is a House-Painter. The Prisoner has known me from a Child, for my Father was a Serjeant in the Guards, and the Prisoner was then a Soldier: And so he came to see me about 3 or 4 Weeks before last Christmas. He brought a blue Bag with him, but there was nothing in it then, and he only ask'd me how I did, and the like, and so went away again. But the next time he came, he brought 9 Ells of Linnen in the Bag to sell. He ask'd 13 d. a Yard; I bid him 11 d. and at last we agreed for 9 s. 6 d for the whole. He came again a Week after with the same blue Bag, and ask'd me if I knew any Body that would buy a Suit of lac'd Headclothes. I told him I did not want myself, but I would enquire among my Acquaintance He said the Price was 18 s. and so he left 'em with me, and I afterwards sold 'em to Eliz. Grindley, a very honest Woman. She was acquainted with Houses of Fashion, and knew where to dispose of such Things, and I had no Suspicion of the Prisoner, for I knew he dealt in old Clothes, and always took him for a very honest Man. On the Friday before the 25th of April he came and told me his two Daughters were going to be pass'd to another Parish, and then he shew'd me this lac'd Head, which he said he bought of the Duchess of Richmond's Gentlewoman, and he desir'd me to dispose of it for him. He bid me ask eight Guineas. I carry'd it to Mrs. Slurrow's (while he staid in my Shop) and she bid me six Guineas. I came back to tell him, and he bid me take the Money. I went again, but she had not the Money ready, and so I laid down four Guineas and a half, which my Maid paid him before two Witnesses, and he was to call next Day for the rest of the Money; he accordingly came, but she had not paid me; he came again next Tuesday, but the Money was not ready then neither; so that he never had it, for the Affair was discover'd presently after. Mrs. Slurrow brought Mrs. Lear to me, and said, she would have the Head if she could be sure that it was honestly come by. To satisfy them, I went with them to the Prisoner's House. He was not at home, but we staid till he came in. How do you do, Mr. Adley? says I. This Gentlewoman would buy the Head you left with me to dispose of, but she's scrupulous about its being honestly come by. Who are you ? says he, I don't know you, I never saw you in my Life before. I was surpris'd at this, but when they told him they had got a Search-warrant, he own'd that he gave me a Head, but he said he did not know it again. However, at last he confess'd, that that was the very Head he had left with me. This other lac'd Head I had got 
               
                  Betty 
                  Grindley 
               



             to felt. Mrs. Lear went with me to Grindley's to enquire after it, and she had sold it to Mrs. Dell, a Gentlewoman of the Town, in Westminster. Mrs. Dell had pawn'd it to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ward 
               



            , and at his House we found it.
Mrs. Lear. Hear's another lac'd Head that was unwash'd when I lost it.

A. Sanders. This I had unwash'd from the Prisoner, and deliver'd it so to Mrs. Grindley. She sold it so to Mrs. Martin, who sold it again to a 'Squire, and the 'Squire made a Present of it to Mrs. Murray, another Woman of the Town in Bedford-Street, in Covent-Garden.
Mrs. Lear. And I found it upon Madam Murray, but neither she not the 'Squire are willing to appear here. - These lac'd Ends of a Neckcloth were my Lord London-derry's.
A. Sanders. And these I had from the Prisoner, I deliver'd them to Grindley, and she dispos'd of them to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Fowler 
               



            , at a Lace-shop in Duke-Street, but Mrs. Fowler is sick, and cannot come hither.
Mrs. Lear. This is my Velvet. There was three Yards of it. I found it at Mrs. Sander's House.
A. Sanders. I bought this Velvet of the Prisoner for 26 s. 6 d. I reckon there was but two Yards and three Quarters. I bought this Sattin Gown of him too, for I produc'd it to Mrs. Lear, tho' she knew nothing of my having it.
Prisoner. What did I allow you for selling these Things, as you say?
A. Sanders. Nothing.
Prisoner. That must be hard indeed.
A. Sanders. You spent your Money at my House for what you wanted. You did not say at first that you had them from a Man, but from a Gentlewoman, and that you gave 'em me to dispose of.
Mr. Lear. Mrs. Sanders told me at first, that she had 'em from Adley, who liv'd in Pye-Corner ; she said, he had told her he liv'd in Peter's-Street. She shew'd me the Sattin Gown and the Velvet freely, and I knew nothing of her having the Gown before she produc'd it; and she told me, that Grindley was gone over the Water with two Suits to sell.
Eliz. Grindley. I had this lac'd Suit from Mrs. Sanders, and I sold it to Mrs. Waters at the Golden-Ball in York-Buildings. Mrs. Sanders, indeed, told me at first, that this lac'd Suit came from a Woman of her Acquaintance, who was kept by a Gentleman. But about six Weeks ago the Prisoner being in Mrs. Sander's House, he told me, that she had the lac'd Heads from him.
Court. How came he to say that to you?
Grindley. Why, I being a Laundress, have sometimes an Opportunity of selling such kind of Things, and I had sold several for Mrs. Sanders. Now, you must know, that now and then I happen to get a little merry, as any other Body may do, and then I say any thing that comes uppermost; so coming into Mrs. Sanders's House in one of these merry Fits, there was she and the Prisoner, a sitting by the Fire; and says Mrs Sanders to me, This is the old Man that I have had all the lac'd Heads from. Ay, says I, and pray, old Gentleman, how do you come by such Things? Why, I'll tell you, says he, my Daughter lives with a Woman that is kept by a Jew in the Minories, and this Jew gives his Mistress these Things for Pocket Money, and she sends them to me by my Daughter to sell for her, and so I bring them to Mrs. Sanders. And so Mrs. Sanders gave 'em to me to dispose of 'em as well as I could; and this Head I sold to Madam Dell, a Town Lady, for three Guineas, and this to Mrs. Martin, who keeps Martin's Coffee-house at Charing-Cross. I was bid to ask six Guineas for it. Mrs. Clapham, at the Golden-Anchor, bid me two Guineas; I try'd at some other Shops, and at last I let Mrs. Martin have it for three Guineas and a half. I sold her another Head afterwards.
Mrs. Lear. And that, Mrs. Martin sold again to a Jew; but we cannot yet produce it.
Mrs. Martin. I bought two Heads of Mrs. Grindley, one of them I sold * to Mr. Bray, a young Gentleman, who said he bought it for a Present. - This is very like it.
* For Twelve Guineas.
Mrs. Lear. Like it? Why, is it not the very same? Did not he make a Present of it to Mrs. Murray ? and did not I find it upon Mrs. Murray ?
Prisoner to Grindley. Did you never say that you sold those two Heads at a Brandy Shop? now you swear you sold 'em at a Coffee-house.

Grindley. What if I did? Mrs. Martin keeps a Coffee-house over a Brandy-shop.
Mrs. Martin. I let the lower Floor of my House for 25 l. a Year, to Mr. Capstick, a Distiller. Mrs. Grindley, it seems, brought this Head to Mrs. Capstick, who shew'd it to me, and ask'd my Advice about it, whether it would make a Suit of Head-clothes for her. It was cut and mangled, and very dirty. I told her there would be many Joinings in it, and therefore I thought it was fitter for a Back-head than a Suit [for a Suit has four Lappets, and a Back-head but two.] Then she said she would not buy it, and ask'd me if I thought I could dispose of it for an Acquaintance of hers. What is she? says I. A very honest Woman, says Mrs. Capstick; I know her very well, her Husband runs Goods. This Woman (which was Mrs. Grindley ) came in, and I ask'd her whose Head it was? and she said it belong'd to a Cap woman who had it from her Cull. How came it to be cut so? says I. Why, says she again, she's a very maggotly Creature, and she cut it when she was drunk. I bid Money for it then, but she refus'd it and went away. She came three or four times afterwards, and at last I bought it, and some Time after, I bought another of her; she came at several other Times with other Heads, but I did not buy any more than those two.


                  Anne 
                  Wildon 
               



            . I lodge in Mrs. Sanders's House. I was sitting in her Shop about Christmas last, when the Prisoner came in with a Bag under his Arm. He pull'd a Band-box out of his Bag and unty'd it, and shew'd Mrs. Sanders a Parcel of Tassels, and said to her, I have got these Tassels to sell, do you know any Body that will buy them? No, says she, except this young Woman, (meaning me) for she has liv'd with an Old-Clothes Woman, and may know how to dispose of them. Then he told me he'd give me 6 d. to sell 'em for him. I took them from him, and he bid me ask 2 s. a Pair for the large, and 18 d. for the small ones. These are the same, I can swear.
Mrs. Lear. And these mourning Tassels I found in the Prisoner's Drawer.
A Wilden. I went to the Gentlewoman's House, where I had been a Servant, and she said they were a perfect Drug, and that she would not give 2 s. for 'em all. I have seen the Prisoner several times at Mrs. Sander's House, and have seen her give him Money, both Gold and Silver. I have known her from a Child; she's as honest a Woman as ever liv'd, and her Husband bears a very good Character.
Prisoner. These were Sander's Tassels ; she took 'em in for a Pawn, and I had them originally from her; she desir'd me to sell them, and when I found I could not, I return'd them to her.


                  Mary 
                  Cutton 
               



            , Sanders's Maid. The Prisoner came into my Mistress's Shop, and sat down in the great Chair and pull'd out some Head-clothes, and ask'd her if she could not be so good as to sell them for him. My Mistress would have had me to have gone, but he desir'd her to go herself; for he said it was a lac'd Suit that he had from the Duchess of Richmond's, and would have her ask eight Guineas for it. I have seen my Mistress pay him Money several times, and once she gave me in the Yard four Guineas and a half for him, and I carry'd it in and paid it to him.


                  William 
                  Parr 
               



            . 
               
                  Alice 
                  Sanders 
               



             is my Daughter. I have known the Prisoner 23 Years; I was his Serjeant 10 Years. He uses to deal in several Things new and old, and hawk Goods about the Street. One Day, when I was at my Daughter's, he came into the Entry, and deliver'd a Suit of lac'd Head-clothes to some Woman there, but I can't say who she was, for I did not take much Notice.


                  James 
                  Desan 
               



            . When the Prisoner was in Newgate he sent a Letter to me to come to him, and I went. - Says he, If Mrs. Sanders don't come down with the Crop, I'll make a blue Day of it, for I had all the Goods from her. Can you have the Face, says I, to say that you did not deliver them to her? Why not, says he, when she has us'd me so barbarously as to bring a Constable to search my House? But what would you have a poor Woman do, says I, when the Goods were brought to her, and found upon her? Do? says he, why, she might have sent for me, and I would have vouch'd that I saw her take 'em in Pawn, and that would have clear'd her and me too. From him I went to Mrs Sanders, and told her what he said. She answer'd, that she was innocent, and would not part with a Farthing. I acquainted him with her Answer, and he then sent me to her Husband to see if he would not lay down half the Crop. I went, but her Husband would not do any thing. I return'd to the Prisoner, and told him of it; And, says I, when she found that the Goods were stolen, she might think you might have them from some Thieves, and could have discover'd who they were. Ay, says he, and so I might have made a Noose for my own Neck. - Mrs. Sanders bears a good Character.


                  Robert 
                  Ward 
               



            . I took this Head in pawn from Mrs. Carman, who was Servant to Mrs. Dell, a Woman of the Town. - Mrs. Lear, could not swear to it when she found it at my House.
Prisoner. When the Search-warrant came to my House, Mrs. Sanders took me aside, and said, For God's sake don't say that you had the Things from me. But I told her, then I must tell a Lye to deny it, and my Conscience would not let me do that.
Mrs. Lear. He was at first so far from pretending that he had them from her, that he said he did not know her.
Prisoner. I had them all from her, and what I could not sell I always return'd, and the lac'd Heads were of so high a Price that I could never sell them.
Court. Prove what you say.
Prisoner. 'Tis in Hardship that I want Witnesses to prove it, and she took Care I should have none; for when she had any Thing to deliver to me, she us'd to send her Maid up Stairs to make the Beds; but I can prove that she ask'd the Gentlewoman what she should swear.


                  George 
                  Mason 
               



            . I went to see the Prisoner in Wood-street Compter, and as he was going before Justice Brocas, Mrs. Sanders came up to me in a very great Surprize and Flutter, and said, Lord, Sir, what shall I do? What Course shall I take? What can you advise me to? What shall I say? What shall I swear?
Court. Was you acquainted with her?
Mason. No, I never saw her in my Life before.
Court. 'Tis very odd that a Woman should express herself in such a manner, to a Man who was an intire Stranger to her. - What are you, Sir?
Mason. I keep a Chandler's Shop and a Brandy-shop in Aldersgate-street. - I have known the Prisoner a Year, and sometimes we have drank together, and I never saw but he behav'd himself well.


                  James 
                  Desan 
               



            . This Man was in the Compter with the Prisoner, and advis'd him to be an Evidence; and he, (as well as the Prisoner) said, If Sanders won't come down, by God, he was pleas'd to take God's Name in vain, we'll make a blue Day of it.


                  Ann 
                  Adley 
               



            . While Mr. Lear and his Wife and the Constable were searching my Father's House, Mrs. Sanders whisper'd to me, and said, For God's sake don't own that your Father had any thing to sell for me.
Court. Would you rather save Sanders than your Father?
A. A. No, to be sure, I would rather save my Father?
Court. Then, when your Father was in so much Danger, why did you, at the Request of Mrs. Sanders, conceal a Thing that might have done him Service?
A. A. I did speak of it.
Court. When?
A. A. Three Days after.
C. And why not sooner?
A. A. I was in a Fright, and did not know what to do. - I have seen my Father bring home lac'd Heads, and he told me that he had 'em from Mrs. Sanders to sell for her.
C. That won't do. Did you ever see her deliver any to him?
A. A. No.
C. Then what he told von signifies nothing.


                  John 
                  Howell 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner 25 Years. He had a very honest Character, and I never saw an ill Word come out of his Mouth.


                  Isaac 
                  Herbert 
               



            . I am Beadle of St. Faith's under St. Paul's. I have known him near 40 Years; he used to buy and sell Houshold Goods ; I took him for an honest Man.



                  Dorothy 
                  Coleman 
               



            , at the Red-Lion by Hicks's-Hall. I have known him between 20 and 30 Years a very honest Man. He buys and sells second-hand Things. He has sold Goods for me.


                  Edward 
                  Chandler 
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Maynard 
               



             depos'd that they knew no ill of him.
The Jury 


               acquitted him of the Burglary, and found him guilty of the Felony to the value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


