





41. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Brace 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a pair of silver Candlesticks, val. 8 l. the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Kendrick 
                        




                      
                  , in his House
            , Feb. 28
.
Mr. Kendrick. On the 28th of February, I lost a Pair of silver Candlesticks out of my House in George-Yard Lombard-street


. I enquired who had been there that Day, and was told, that the Prisoner had been to visit one of my Servants. I sent for her next Morning, and took her and my Servant with some others before Sir 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bellamy 
               



             to be sworn, and the Prisoner was as ready to swear as any of them. But Sir Edward said he suspected her, and advised us to search her Lodgings, and my Servant went, and found the Candlesticks there; but the Crest was taken out as nicely as if it had been done by a Silversmith. I went to see her in the New Jail in Southwark, and she confest the Fact, and said that she took the Crest out her self with the Scissars.


                  Jeremy 
                  Amat 
               



            . The Prisoner came to my Fellow-Servant. She went away about 5, and about 7 the Candlesticks were miss'd. Next Morning I fetch'd her from her Lodgings in Vine-Yard in Southwark, and we all went before Sir 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bellamy 
               



             to be sworn. Sir Edward advised us to search her Lodgings, and I and 2 more went. Mrs. Lee her Landlady produced them in 5 Minutes; and then we went before Justice Nichols. The Prisoner was committed to the New-Jail, where she confest to me and my Fellow-Servant, that she put the Candlesticks in her Gown, one in each side, and pin'd them up; and that she took out the Crest the same Night with her Scissars.


                  Mary 
                  Sawyer 
               



            . These are the Candlesticks - The Prisoner came to see me between 4 and 5 in the Afternoon. She staid but a little while, and about 7 they were miss'd. I went to her Lodgings next Morning; and she came readily, and 6 of us went before Sir Edward, and took our Oaths - Then  we went again to the Prisoner's Lodging, and 
               
                  Jane 
                  Howland 
               



             (who lodg'd with the Prisoner) beckon'd me down, and asked if any thing was lost? I said, Yes; a pair of Silver Candlesticks - Then follow me, says she, and going with her, we met Mrs. Lee, with the Candlesticks under her Apron - and she told me the Name was scratch'd out. I said to the Prisoner, Mary, how could you do so? She made no Answer, but when she came before the Justice, she own'd that she took them, and eras'd the Crest.


                  Jane 
                  Lee 
               



            . The Prisoner lodg'd five Weeks at my House, and behav'd well. On the 1st of March about Noon, I went to make my Bed, and found the Candlesticks under. I was surpriz'd, and ask'd my Husband and 
               
                  Jane 
                  Howland 
               



             if they knew how they came? They said, No. I desir'd my Husband to ask Advice about it, and I produced the Candlesticks in the open Yard, before Mr. Kendrick sent to search for them.
The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


