





58. 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Clark 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a red Damask Gown, value 5 l. a red Damask Petticoat, value 3 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wilis 
                        




                      
                  , in the Shop of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Birchmore 
                     



, in the Parish of St. Andrew's Holborn, May 31
.


                  Joseph 
                  Birchmore 
               



            . I keep a Pawnbroker's Shop
 upon Saffron Hill


. On the 31st of May I lent 4 l. upon this Gown and Petticoat, and the Gentlewoman that brought them to pawn, giving me a great Charge about them, I wrapp'd them up in a Napkin, and carry'd them into a Parlour behind the Shop; in the Afternoon my Maid carry'd them into the Shop again, and while they lay there, the Prisoner came in to redeem a Petticoat. I was busy in the Parlour with a Man that came to see my Maid, so she went up Stairs to fetch down the Prisoner's Petticoat, and in the mean Time she found Means to convey away the Suit of Cloaths. I did not miss them 'till next Morning, and then I imagin'd my Maid had put them away; but soon after I missed the Things, the Prisoner came in, and told me that she had met with a rich Uncle, who had given her 3 Guineas, and she was so full of Money, that she gave me 15 s. for a Gown that was forfeited, and hung up for Sale. This gave me a Suspicion that the Prisoner was a Thief; so I got a Warrant from Justice Poulson and took her before him; there she own'd that she had pawn'd the Things, but she said she had them from a Woman in Hatton-Garden. The Justice asked her, where this Woman, and her rich Uncle and Aunt were to be found? She told him they were all gone over Sea; and the Justice told her, he believ'd she would be sent after them.
Q. And where did you find the Goods at last?
Birchmore. At one Mrs. Aris's in Baldwin's-Gardens.


                  Rebecca 
                  Aris 
               



            . The Prisoner pledged these Goods with me for 3 Guineas and a half, the 31st of May. She told me they belonged to a Gentlewoman in Hatton-Garden, who was sick, and was straiten'd for Money, and that when she was well she would fetch them again. I saw the Cloaths were very good, therefore I refused to receive them unless she could give an Account of her self; upon this, she carry'd me to one Mrs. Hale, who keeps a Potter's Shop in the Neighbourhood, and Mrs. Hale told me, I might safely lend her the Money. I let her have it accordingly, and kept the Cloaths 'till the People came to enquire for them, and I deliver'd them to the Constable.
Mr. Cook, Constable. These Goods I found at Aris's, and she swore they were brought to her by the Prisoner. I have had them in my Custody ever since.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Martin 
               



            , Birchmore's Maid confirm'd his Evidence.
Q. To Birchmore. Is this Shop of yours next the Street?
Birchmore. Yes, I take in Pledges, and now and then hang up a Thing in it, (that happens to be forfeited) to sell.
Q. Who did this Gown and Coat belong too?
Birchmore. To one Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Wills 
               



            , who lives in Holborn; they are his Wife's Cloaths, I have had them in Hands for 4 Guineas before this Time. 


               Guilty Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


