









                     Peter 
                     Lock , alias 
Lord




               
            , 
               


             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Durham 
                  



               
             , of the Parish of Allhallows Barkin




, were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 224 lb. of Lead
            , the Property of our Sovereign Lord the 
               
King




            , the 7th of this Instant April
 .
Mr. Steward, Clerk of the Works, depos'd, That the Prisoners knew there was no Lead to be carried out of the Tower without his Order, and that he was inform'd that the Prisoners had been seen about 12 o'Clock, to carry out Lead upon their Shoulders, when he always sends it by a Cart he has for that purpose , and that he is obliged to weigh it in and out, and to take an Account of it.
The Prisoners carrying the Lead out of the Tower was confirmed by several Evidences.
They pleaded, that they carried it out that it might not be lost, and did design to carry it to the Plumbery the next Morning when they got the Key.
The Master Plumber depos'd, He never gave Orders for so doing; and that when he examined Durham about carrying it out, he at first deny'd it, but afterwards own'd it.
The Prisoners pleaded, that they did not conceal it, but carried it to Mr. Wilson's, where their Master used to pay them their Wages, and laid it openly in a publick Room.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Wilson 
               



             depos'd, That they did bring it to her House, and did lay it in a publick Room, and had brought Lead before; and she did not suspect any thing, and so ask'd no Questions.
After a full hearing of the Matter, the Jury found Lord and Durham 


               guilty, each to the Value of 10 d.
             But B - coming into the Work, as the Master own'd, but the Day before, and being ignorant of the Custom of the Place, was 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


