





48. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Webb 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 8 s. 6 d
             the Money of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Rowley 
                  




                
            , Apr. 11
.
Mrs. Rowley. I was last Tuesday to hear the Rehearsal at St. Paul's, and when it was over, I endeavour'd to avoid the Crowd, by going through Cannon Alley, in Pater-noster-Row


. In the Alley I was stopp'd by 2 Men, who push'd me close against the Prisoner. Before I could get away, I felt her lift up the Side of my Hoop, and put her Hand into my Pocket. This Gentleman (Mr. Addy) was looking at the same out of his Window, and call'd out to me, - Madam, your Pocket is pick'd. I put my Hand into my Pocket, and found I had lost 8 s. 6 d. I brought 11 s. 6 d. out with me, but I had no more than a Half-Crown and a Six-pence left: Mr. Addy told me he knew the Woman, and if I would step into his House, he would go and take her; and he went out, and took her accordingly. She was carry'd before the Lord Mayor, but she was not search'd; for my Lord imagin'd she had her Receivers about her, and that it would be to no Purpose to search her. I felt her Hand, and cry'd at the same Time - What, are you picking Pockets here!
Mr. Addy. I was looking out of my Window to see the Crowd at the Rehearsal, and had observ'd the Prisoner, with the Assistance of her 2 Fellows, to have pick'd a great many Pockets that Morning: But this Lady was robb'd under my very Window. I observ'd the 2 Men to shove the Gentlewoman against the Prisoner, and saw her put her Hand into her Pocket, and afterwards clap something into her own. I was positive she took Money out of this Gentlewoman's Pocket, and put it into her own; so I told her, if she would Prosecute her, I would take her, for I knew her. She had been an Hour and Half, or 2 Hours, about the Alley that Morning, and had pick'd a great many Pockets.
Prisoner. Then why did not you call out before?
Mr. Addy. Because that was at a Distance - She was hurrying and picking Pockets as fast as she could, at a Distance; but this was under my Window.


                  Mary 
                  Read 
               



            . I was with Mrs. Rowley at this Time. The Prisoner and her Fellows stopp'd me first, and held me for some Time; but I had emptied my Pockets before I came out, so they let me go, and stopp'd her; she was close behind me. I heard Mr. Addy call out to Mrs. Rowley, and tell her, the Prisoner had pick'd her Pocket.
Prisoner. I was in a Shop when that Man came up and accused me, and I offer'd to be searched. I told the People I had 7 s. 6 d. and a Guinea in my Pocket, and if I had any more, 'twas the Lady's
Mr. Ashly With Relation to her asserting he was in the Shop when she was seiz'd, 'tis false. At the very Time he seiz'd her, she was going to pick Doctor Best's Lady's Pocket, and I call'd out to her. I have known her for a Pick-pocket these 5 Years, and saw her pick 20 Pockets that Day. She is so well known, that I could have brought a Dozen People to have prov'd this, if I had imagin'd it would been necessary.
Mr. Addy. Her Janizaries have been with me since she was taken up, and offer'd me Money to keep out of the Way, that the Thing might be dropp'd before the Grand Jury.


                  Mary 
                  Cherry 
               



            , 
               
                  Ann 
                  Garter 
               



            , 
               
                  Frances 
                  Fletcher 
               



            , 
               
                  Mary 
                  Robes 
               



            . 
               
                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Webb 
               



            , gave the Prisoner the Charactor of an honest Woman. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


