







                     Hugh 
                     Thomas 
                  



                
            , of St. Thomas Apostles


, was indicted for 


               stealing 12 Pound of Tobacco, value 14 s. a wooden Box, value 6 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Horton 
                  




                
            , September 8
.


                  John 
                  Horton 
               



             thus depos'd, About the 8th of November I was inform'd, that my Man, the Prisoner, had sold a Box of Tobacco to Mr. Asplin, at the Ship Alehouse in Tower-street, I went and charged a Constable with him, and he said he had bought Tobacco of Mr. Darrant in Thames-street; I went to Mr. Darrant's, and he told me he had bought Tobacco of him, three Boxes, but none since May, and that the last he bought of him was Saffron cut, but that which he sold Mr. Asplin was Square cut; and when he had been in the Compter four Days, he confess'd he stole the Tobacco mentioned in the Indictment.


                  Thomas 
                  Asplin 
               



             thus depos'd, On the 8th of September I bought a Box of Tobacco of the Prisoner, and paid him 14 s. for it, desired a Receipt of him, but he refus'd to give me one, though I bought it in his Master's Name: On Lord Mayor's Day he called on me, and asked me if I wanted any more - I generally buy my Tobacco of Mrs . Harrison, and I asked her why she could not sell as cheap as another, told her that I could buy as good for 14 d. as she made me pay 18 d. for, and let her know who I had it of; she told Mr. Horton of it, and he said he never sold me any, otherwise Mr. Horton had known nothing of it
Anthony Newman depos'd, That he heard the Prisoner confess it was his Master's Tobacco, and that he asked pardon when in the Compter.


                  Thomas 
                  Ceely 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner, when in the Compter owned, that the Tobacco was the Prosecutors, and that he had wronged the best of Masters.
The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he intended to give his Master the Money, but forgot it; but there being two Months time between the Prisoner's being taken up, and his receiving the Money for the Tobacco, the Jury found him 

               Guilty
             of the Indictment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


