





39. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Butler 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing five Yards of Cambrick, value 12 s. in the Shop of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hitchcock 
                        




, October 23
.
John Hitchcock. The Prisoner came to my Shop between one and two, and desir'd to see some Cambrick; I shew'd her a Piece, for which I ask'd 3s. 6d. a Yard; she bid me 2 s. 4 d. I told her I had some of that Price, and put my Hand into the Counter to reach a Piece, and at the same Time I observ'd her take a Piece out of the Box that stood on the Counter, and put it into her Gown, which was tuck'd up round her; she did not like what I shew'd her, and made haste out of the Shop; I follow'd her, and said, Mistress, if you please you may leave that Piece of Cambrick,
Prisoner. Was I out of the Shop?
Prosecutor. Yes; she was off the Step in the Street, and I pull'd her in.
Prisoner. Did you see me put it in my Gown?
Prosecutor. Yes.
Prisoner. Did not I take two Pieces to the Door to compare them?
Prosecutor. No.


                  Lydia 
                  Hawksworth 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner go off the Step into the Street, before my Master took her, and then she run into the Shop with some Violence, and reach'd her Hand thus - towards the Counter, and dropp'd the Cambrick about the Middle of the Shop, but nearer the Door than the Counter, and there was none on the Ground before my Master fetch'd her in.
Prisoner. While he stoop'd in the Counter I took the Piece out of the Box to look at it at the Door, because the Shop was dark.
Prosecutor. 'Tis a light Shop.
- Marshall, 
               
                  John 
                  Parfit 
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Collier 
               



            , 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Parker 
               



            , 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Richardson 
               



            , 
               
                  Mary 
                  Pease 
               



            , and 
               
                  Jane 
                  Gander 
               



            , depos'd they had known the Prisoner some Years, and never heard any ill of her; but the Fact being plainly prov'd, the Jury found her 

               guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


