





9. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cammell 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a silver Watch, value 4 l. 4 s. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Walter 
                           Robotham 
                        




, October 26.


Mr. Robotham. On Friday the 26th of October, between 12 and 1 at Noon, I lost my Watch in a Crowd at the Corner of Exchange Alley


, where I stood to see a Man in the Pi lory, but I can't say who took it.


                  William 
                  Irish 
               



             As I stood to see the Man in the Pillory, I heard a Noise of a Pick-pocket, and somebody said the Prisoner had put a Water into his Pocket ; I observed him, and saw him take a Watch out of his Pocket and drop it. The Prosecutor came and owned it to be his. It had a black leather String.


                  William 
                  Gardner 
               



            . Somebody said the Prisoner had pick'd a Watch out of a Man's Pocket. I pick a Pocket! says the Prisoner, what do you mean by that? and presently he pull'd out a Watch stily and bove it down, and I took it up. It was a silver Watch with a black String. I held it up, and 
               
                  Jack 
                  Catch 
               



             came and said, Let's see hold of the Watch; and so he took it out of my Hand, and the Prosecutor came and own'd it.


                  John 
                  Hooper 
               



            , Executioner. Faulkner was standing in the Pillory for uttering bad Money; and while I attended there, the Prisoner came by me, and some followed him and said he had pick'd a Man's Pocket of a Watch; I look'd and saw the Watch upon the Ground; Gardner and I stoop'd for it at the same Time, but I took it up.

Gardner. No, I, and he took it out of my Hand.
Harper. I believe his Hand might be upon it, and I said, what do you do with it? But he never held it up in any manner whatsomever. I deliver'd it to Mr. Makepeace the Constable, at the Cross-Keys Tavern, and the Prosecutor own'd it there.
Prosecutor. Gardner took the Watch from the Ground, but did not hold it up, for 
               
                  Jack 
                  Catch 
               



             presently snatch'd it out of his Hand.


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner have a Watch with a black String in his Hand at the Corner of 'Change-Alley, and he went into a Haberdasher's Shop (behind a carv'd blue coat Boy that stands at the Door) and put it into his Pocket.
Makepeace There was an Outcry of a Pick-pocket; Harper follow'd him, and presently held up a Watch in his Hand, and said, Who has lost a Watch? And as soon as he saw me, he said, Here's a Constable! So we went to the Cross-Keys, and there the Prosecutor saw it.
Prosecutor. This is my Watch, the same that Hooper had in his Hand.
The Jury found him 


               guilty to the value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


