






43: + 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Meredith 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Pint-mug, value 35 s. and a Silver Spoon, value 7 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Deane 
                        



                      
                   , in his Dwelling-house
            , Oct. 17

,
Mr. Deane. I keep The Cross-keys Tavern, in Cornhill






. I lost a Silver Cup, which I value at 35 s. and a Spoon, worth 7 s. I missed them on the 17th of October in the Evening; and I have a Servant here, who saw them that Evening, in the Room where the Prisoner sat. This is the Cup, and this the Spoon, and they are mine The Spoon is broke in two, but I swear 'tis mine.
Prisoner. I would ask this Witness, if he has any Personal Knowledge of me?
Mr. Deane. No: I have none.


                  Gabriel 
                  Sleath 
               



            . I am a Goldsmith: On the 18th of October, about Nine in the Morning, I bought the Spoon of the Prisoner: It was broke in two, just as it is now. I gave him five Shillings and Five-pence an Ounce for it; it came to 10 s. 7d. and I gave him half a Guinea and a Penny. I asked him no Questions, for 'twas broke, and not fit for any Thing, but to melt. I never saw the Prisoner before that time.


                  Samuel 
                  Wood 
               



            . I am a Goldsmith: I bought the Cup of the Prisoner, the same Day Mr. Sleath bought the Spoon, - 'twas the the 18th of October. I gave him 5 s. 6 d. an Ounce, and I think it came to 36 s. 9 d. I did not ask him how he came by it. I am sure the Prisoner is the Man I bought it of.


                  John 
                  Lord 
               



            . I am a Servant to Mr. Deane . The Prisoner came to our House, on Wednesday the 17th of October towards Evening, and called for a Drawer. I shewed him into a Room we call the Nag's Head. He bid me bring him half a Pint of Mountain. I drew him the Wine: He drank a a Glass, and then asked me what he had got in the Larder? I told him several different Things, at last he chose a Whiting. It was dressed, but it did not please his Palate, - it was not over and above good, he said; - so he ordered a poached Egg or two, after he had eat about half the Whiting. I was about the House, and was not at the clearing away of the Things, but I can swear the Cup was brought to him with small Beer, and the Spoon, I believe, was carry'd in with the Whiting. When he called to pay, I told him 15 d. He gave me a Guinea, which I changed, and he gave me 3 d. out of 18 d. for myself. When I went in to him, about the Reckoning, I observed him to be writing upon a Piece of blotted Paper, and he seemed to lean his Head from me. I won't be too positive to him, but I think: have seen him several Times before. I can swear he had on the same Wig, and as near as I can guess, the same Coat. He was at our House between Five and Ten, and I missed the Things about an Hour and a half after he was gone.
Prisoner. I would ask him whether he is certain he ever saw me before?
Lord I think I have seen him at the Mitre Tavern, where I served my Time. I told him last Sunday in Newgate, I had seen him there; and he said, to be sure, Sir, you have.
Prisoner. I would ask him if he was the Person that took the Things away?
Lord . No: When I took the Reckoning of him the Things were all taken away, and the Table brushed clean. There was nothing then upon it, but a Half-pint Decanter, a Decanter of Water, and a large Water Glass.
Prisoner. I am not the Person that conveyed the Things away from Mr. Deane's House; and that is the Substance of what I have to say. The Indictment is laid for a Silver Mug, and they swear to a Cup. There, my Lord, is a manifest Distinction.
Mr. Fruchard . Last August was twelve Months, I was in Want of a Book-keeper, and the Prisoner apply'd to me, and told me he came from a Place called Kimlade in Worcestershire , and shew'd me a Recommendatory Letter from a Gentleman of the Law, - one Mr. Massey , of Shessinghurst . I told him, I should be glad to have a Line from that Gentleman, and he accordingly wrote me a Letter, and gave the Prisoner a good Character: So I took him upon Trial, and he behaved with me, in a very decent Manner, and I thought him religious. He continued with me, but a little while, - about six or seven Weeks, for he had wrote an Essay on the Divine Attributes, (which in some Peoples Judgement, was a very good Piece) and other Poetical Pieces; and I found when he should have been about my Books, his Imagination was in the Clouds. This was the only Reason I parted with him. He has received Money for me, and brought it justly to Account. It is a Par-dox to me, that the Author of such Pieces, as he has wrote, should be an Hypocrite. I would have served him since he he went from me, had I not been obliged to tell him; that his Inclination to Poetry would disqualify him from Merchandizing.


                  Daniel 
                  Chapman 
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Price 
               



            , 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Stacey 
               



             , 
               
                  Mary 
                  Halley 
               



            , and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Cecil 
               



            , gave the Prisoner a good Character. 


               Guilty, 39 s.
            

He was a Second Time indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Salt, val. 30 s. and a Silver Salt Shovel, val. 7 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Done 
                  



                
            , Oct. 23

.
The Prosecutor not appearing, the Prisoner was 


               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


