





8. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Rayner 
                  



               
            , of St. Sepulchres


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Watch studded with Silver, Value 30 s. from the Person of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Alexander 
                     




, Sept. 27
.

I lost my Watch between 9 and 10 at Night at a Cook's-shop in Chare


 and it was found upon the Prisoner in less than a Quarter of an Hour afterwards.
Court. Was the Prisoner in your Company?
Alexander. I think it was the that brought me Victuals and Drink.
Court. Did you sit in a publick Room?
Alexander. I think so. It was such a Place as People sit in to eat their Victuals.
Court. Was no Body else near you?
Alexander. None but she and her Landlady.
Court. Did not you and the Prisoner go into that House together ?
Alexander. No; I was there before she came in.
Court. How long?
Alexander. Two or three Minutes. I stay'd there above an Hour, and then she went away, and as soon as she was gone I miss'd my Watch. It was a Silver Watch in a sort of a Fish-skin Case, studded with Silver.


                  Mary 
                  Peirce 
               



            . The Prisoner was carried to the Watch-house, and I being at the Watch-house Door was called in, and she gave me this Watch, and told me that the Prosecutor had left it with her in pledge for a Crown.


                  Daniel 
                  Peirce 
               



            . As I was sitting with my Barrow of Oysters in Smithfield, the Prisoner came to me, and said, my Wife wanted me, and I must go. I told her, no Body should make me go to my Wife. Why, say she, I'll tell you what it's about; I have nail'd a Watch, and I shall make my self for ever, if I can find any Body that I can trust to dispose of it for me.
Court. What did you think she meant by nailing?
Peirce. I don't understand those Newgate Words.
Court. Keeper! Can you inform the Court?
Keeper. Not I, my Lord, but I believe some of our People can. I'll ask. Here's one says it signifies stealing.*
* Nailing, is likewise used metaphorically to signify, securing, taking-hold-of, or apprehending. e.g. Tom Beck says of John Davison, He told me himself that Peter Buck was nail'd out of his Company. Vide, Sessions Paper, Numb. 4. pag. 104.
Peirce. I told her I would have nothing to do with it, and so she went away, and presently after, her Landlady came and told me, that Betty ( the Prisoner) had wrong'd a Man of a Watch.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Burker 
               



            , the Landlady. The Prosecutor came into my House, and the Prisoner follow'd him in 2 or 3 Minutes; he said, he wanted something to eat. I told him I had cold Flank Beet, or hot Leg of Beef. He chose Leg of Beef; he stay'd about an Hour, or something better, and then she went out. As soon as she was gone, he said he had lost his Watch, and so he went to the Door, and call'd out Watch! Watch!


                  John 
                  Masters 
               



            , Watchman. I was call'd to take the Prisoner out of a House where she was gone to. The Prosecutor charged me with her, and I carried her down before the Constable, and there I left her safe.
Prisoner. As I was going along Smithfield with a ha'perth of Plumb-pudding in my Hand, the Prosecutor came up, and ask'd me to give him a bit? With all my Heart, says I, and so I did. Well, says he, since you are so civil, I'll make you drink; and so he took me to a Gin-shop, and gave me a Quartern of Brandy; then, says he, I don't much like this Liquor, but if you'll go somewhere else, I'll treat you with a Mug of Ale. And so I carried him to my Landlady's; there she stands. And there he gave me a Shilling to lye with me. I told him, I would not do it for a Shilling. Well, says he, I'll give you a Crown then; but as I have not so much about me, I'll leave you my Watch in Pledge till I bring you the Money, and so he did. Then I went to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Peirce 
               



            , and told her of it, and she proffer'd to sell it for me, if I would let her have half the Money; but I told her no, I would keep it longer to see if the Gentleman wou'd come to redeem it. As for 
               
                  Mary 
                  Peirce 
               



             and her Husband too, they both return'd from Transportation but last Christmas.


                  Daniel 
                  Peirce 
               



            . 'Tis no such thing; I had sold my self indeed to go over Sea as a Servant, and my Time being out, I came home again.
Prosecutor. When I was with the Prisoner in the Watch-house, she swore bitterly that she never saw my Watch.



                  John 
                  Astley 
               



            . Yes; she swore she knew nothing of it, tho' she had then given it to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Peirce 
               



            , and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Peirce 
               



             had deliver'd it to me.
Court to the Prosecutor. Did you give the Prisoner a Shilling?
Prosecutor. Yes, I did.
Court. For what?
Prosecutor. Upon Condition as she said it was customly to give a Woman a Shilling upon such an Account.
Court. And did not she insist upon a Crown?
Prosecutor. No. The Jury found her 


               guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


