





18. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Forster 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Brass Stamp, value 5s. 6 d. and thirty six Chrystal Stones, value 5 s. 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Volaire 
                        



                      
                  , January 8
. and a Shirt, a Waistcoat, and twenty four Chrystal Stones, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Duval 
                        



, March 28
.


                  Isaac 
                  Volaire 
               



            . Dat is de Man vid de Cap. He come and aska me to use mine Tools in de Lapidary Business for two Shillings in de Veek. He vark vid mine Tool, van, two Veek, and den he no vark any longer: And I lose a mine Brass Stamp and tree Dozen of mine Stones - da vare de Oval Chrystal Stones - Den I no can tell vat is become of de Man, but at last Monsieur Duval give a me notice dat if I go to Shustice Deveil I fall hear of mine Tings. And ven I go dare, de Prisonnaar make de Confessiong dat he steal mine Stamp and mine Stones.


                  Peter 
                  Duval 
               



            . De Prisonnaar come to me after de New-Year-Day, and aska me to vark upon mine Tool, for he say Monsieur Volaire ave turn him ava. Vell, I say, Go up and vark for two Shilling de Veek, for that is de common price for make use of de Master's Tools. When he vark a leetle vile, I miss two Dozen of the Square Chrystal Stones. I aska him if he take adem. He tella me no, No, Vy I ave no Teef come to mine Ouse but you. Vell he can tell noting of de Matter. Den he vark a leetle more, and den I miss Von Vastcoat, von Shart, and von Shilling. Vell, I believe you be no honest Man, you be de Teef, and you no longer stay in mine Ouse. Den he go to the Castle Ale House, and mine Vife lose von Box, and she go to him and say, Vare is mine Box? Your Box? he say, Vat you make a Rogue of me? - Rogue? Vy you be de Rogue to steal a mine Box-Pox o' your Box! Vy a diable you make adis Noise about de lousy Box? I vell give you a Ha'penny for your Box - I will ave none of your Ha'penny, you Rogue! Vat ave you do vid mine Husband's Vastcoat, and his Shart, and his oder Tings? - Vat Tings? - Vy his Stamp and his Stones; you be de fine Rogue indeed! to come and make Vark vid mine Usband's Tool, and run away vid his Stones, and all dat he have. Vell, after dis, ve fesh the Coonstable to him, and den he confess de Vastcoat and de Shart, and de Stamp and de Stones, and dat he sell de Stones to Monsieur Treneau.


                  John 
                  Treneau 
               



             (by an Interpreter.) About last Christmas I bought a great many Stones of the Prisoner, at twenty Pence a Dozen, but I don't know who they belonged to.


                  Joshua 
                  Pragnell 
               



            . The Prisoner was at work for me, when Mr. Duval's Wife came and own'd the Shirt on his Back, and he pulled it off and gave it her.
Prisoner. I know nothing of the Matter. I have a great many creditable People to appear to my Character, but none of them happen to be here. The Jury found him 

               Guilty of both Indictments
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


