







                     Thomas 
                     Addis 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Pike 
                        




                      
                   in ( Websquare , Spittle-Fields


) and taking thence 26 Yards of Camblet, Value 30 s. on the 1st of January
 in the Night
            .
It was Sworn by several, that 
               
                  John 
                  Pike 
               



            's Work-shop (out of which he lost his Goods) is up 3 pair of Stairs, and there being several Tenants in the House, the Street Door was usually left open for them to go out and come in till Bed Time. In this Work shop, were 2 Beds, one for the Prosecutor's Brother 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pike 
               



             , and the other for the Prisoner, who had lain there, and work'd as a Journeyman Weaver
 to the Prosecutor, for about 5 Months. In the Evening (the Door of the Work shop being lock'd) John Pike went out, and returning about Ten, saw the Prisoner standing at the Street Door; he sent his Brother Thomas up Stairs, to put something into the Workshop, which was done; the Door was lock'd again, and the Key brought to him; he then went out a second time, and coming back in about an Hour, he found the Work-shop Door forc'd open, the Lock broke, the Bolt bent almost double, the Goods gone, and the Prisoner's Apron lying upon the Bed. The Prisoner did not come Home that Night, nor in deed any more; but at last he was found out, and then he fell on his Knees to the Prosecutor , begg'd his Pardon, confess'd that he stole the Goods, and offer'd to make Restitution.
The Prisoner in his Defence said, That having been Drinking, he came Home for a Shirt, went up Stairs, found the Door open, and took away the Goods; the Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


