





48. 
               
                  
                     Susan 
                     Higgins 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Canvas Bag, value 4 d. and 8 Half Guineas, and 5 l 16 s the Property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bannister 
                        




                      
                  , in the House of 
                     
                        Joanna 
                        Worthington 
                     



, Jan. 9
.
James Bannister. About 5 Weeks ago, I went to Worthington's (this old Woman's) House to enquire for Mr. Hinton a Printer; I waited for him till 11 at Night, then I fell asleep; the old Woman asked me to go to Bed; I did, and in the Morning, when I got up, all my Money was gone. I told my Landlady I had been robb'd, - Lord, says she, I have kept House 40 Years and never any such Thing happen'd before. She told me, she had let the Prisoner in about 12 o'Clock, and she would examine her. While I was contesting with the old Woman, the Prisoner came in very drunk, but we got her to sleep, and she awaked and was come to herself, she told us she had the Money, and that she took it for Funn, but if I would be good natur'd I should have some of it again. I pallaver'd with her, and at last she said the Money was in the Hands of St. James's Watch-house Keeper, so she and I went to him; he asked me who I was? With a very reverend Bow, - I said, - with Submission, you have Money of mine in your Hands; he deny'd it, and order'd me to be put out of the Watchhouse: Well says I to the Prisoner, you said you took it for Funn, you shall go along with me for Funn, and so I pull'd her away with me, and got a Constable; he search'd her and found the Purse upon her. She told Justice Lambert that I gave it her, but in the Round-house she said that Col. Turner gave it her.
Prisoner. Ask him what Woman that was that was a Bed with him at my Landlady's? I am an unhappy Woman 'tis true, but I never pick'd a Pocket in my Life.


                  Joanna 
                  Worthington 
               



            . The Prosecutor came in that Night and asked for Mr. Hinton, he was not at Home, so he sat down to wait his coming in, and falling asleep I asked him to go Bed, and he did so. This Prisoner was foul, and she was with me upon Cure; I take in sick People; the Woman to be sure is a vile Creature in her Way, - when she was well, could not she have made use of her own Way of Living again, without robbing the Man? She came Home fuddled two Hours after he was gone to bed, and there being never a Lock upon the Prosecutor's Door, and her Chamber being upon the same Floor with his, I charged her to go up softly. In the Morning he told me he was robbed, I bid him make himself easy, I should hear of it again; while he was disputing with me, in comes Madam with a Man with her; we taxed her with the Money, and under Pretence of helping us to it again, she led us from Bagnio to Bagnio, the Lord knows where; she was in Liquor indeed, but we brought her Home and made her lye down, and when she awaked, I said, how could you do such a Thing in my House, - I that have done you such Service in curing you and making you right again! Why, says she, I did it for Funn, and if he'll be very civil I'll get him two Guineas and a Half again, but if he is saucy he shall have none. About five or six o'Clock we went to the Watchman at St. James's that had the Money; he turned us out of the Watch-house, but the Prosecutor got hold of the Prisoner and pulled her out, she took hold of me, and so I was tumbled into the Kennel among them, but I got out again like a Cat; then we got a Constable and searched the Prisoner, and found the Bag upon her, and then we returned to the Watch-house Keeper, and he owned he had received five Guineas and a Half from the Prisoner, which he gave us back again.
Prisoner. Pray ask him whether the Money that Wingfield the Beadle returned him, - whether the Prosecutor did not give it me, - and ask him for what?
Bannister. I never saw her till after my Money was gone.


                  Catherine 
                  Hinton 
               



            . I lodge at Worthington's, my Husband and I came Home about twelve, the Prosecutor was a-bed, and 
               
                  Kitty 
                  Nichols 
               



             (that is one of the Prisoner's Names) was not come in We went to bed, and in the Morning the Man said he was robbed, and that he had lost 8 Guineas and some Silver. The Prisoner came in soon after very much fuddled, and she said she took his Money for Funn, and if he'd be civil, perhaps she'd give him a couple of Guineas again.
Prisoner. Ask the Witness how she came acquainted with that Man - She's a very disorderly Woman.
Hinton. I knew him when he drove the Stage Coach for Mr. Baldwin of Slough.
Defence. The Prosecutor came into this old Woman's House, and ask'd for a Woman, and for something to drink; Mrs Hinton brought him some Brandy or Gin - so he drank to me, and I to him; then we went up Stairs together for about an Hour; and I leave it to you to guess what we did there. He liked me so well, that he said he would come again, and make me a handsome Present; for, says he, 'tis Pity you should live in this old Bawd's House. I will keep you at Kensington. So the Thursday Night following he came again, and lay with me all Night; but on Sunday Night he got to Bed to another Lady of this old Woman's Family, and it made me so angry, that I pull'd off the Bed-cloaths; and he desired me to be quiet - he would oblige me too. I would not let him, but was still very angry: So he pull'd out the Purse and gave it me, not to make a Noise about the other Girl, and I carry'd it directly to Wingfield the Beadle. This old Woman keeps a notorious Bawdy-house; and ever since I have known her I have been miserable.
Worthington. I took her in foul, and cur'd her, as I do many of these poor Wretches; and I do it for never a Farthing; and when they are well, if they will go to Service, - they're welcome.
C. I am afraid you are the Occasion of these Wretches being in such unhappy Circumstances.
Jury. Where does the old Woman live?
A Witness. On the Backside of St. Clement's Church. 


               Guilty 4 s 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


