





80, 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Eusden 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 3 pair of Stone-Buttons, set in Silver, value 13 s. a pair of Scissars, value 2 s. 6 d. a peice of Linnen Cloth, value 2 s. the Body of a Shift, value 5 s. a Shirt, value 5 s. a Napkin, value 2 s. a Suit of Cambrick lac'd Headcloaths, value 5 s. and other Things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Ellis 
                  




                
            , October 23
.


                  Nicholas 
                  Ellis 
               



            . I charge the Prisoner with stealing the Goods in the Indictment, the 20th and 22d of October, she was a Chair-woman
 at my House, and pawn'd the 3 pair of Buttons and Scissars to a Man in Brown's-Gardens.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Carlton 
               



            . I went to see the Prisoner after she was taken up, and she own'd to me that she had stole the Table-cloth, the Holland Shirt, the Headcloths, the Napkin and Handkerchief, and that she had pawn'd them to one Rous, for 4 s.
- Woodfield. The Prisoner brought the 3 pair of Buttons and the Scissars to one 
               
                  Sue 
                  Hicks 
               



             (who lives in my House) on the 20th of October, and desir'd her to pawn them for a Shilling. Hicks refus'd to do it, and as she said they were her Husband's, and she wanted Money, I lent her a Shilling upon them. Four Days afterwards, Hicks heard the Prisoner tax'd by the Prosecutor's Wife with some Papers of Pins, and she told her what Things were pledg'd with me; they prov'd to be the Prosecutor's, and the Prisoner confess'd she stole them the 22d of October.


                  Frances 
                  Ellis 
               



            . I have often entrusted her in my House, and never mistrusted her before.
Prisoner. Mrs. Ellis has sent me with Things to pawn for her before these.
Mrs. Ellis. Only once a Pocket-piece for 6 d. - and that was to get her some Victuals.
Carlton. The Prisoner's Mother gave out in the Neighbourhood, that Mrs. Ellis had given her the Things to pawn, which the Prisoner hearing, said, she could not help what her Mother said, and that she her self, never said so in her Life.
A Woman. I have known the Prisoner ever since she was born: She is a very honest Girl, and there's nothing but what is very vile against her, - I have Reason to say it, for she is my own Daughter.
Another Witness, gave her a good Character. 


               Guilty,. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


