





165. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Compton 
                  



               
             was indicted for that he, 


               being a Person of a wicked and evil Disposition, on the 4th of February
 in the Parish of St. Gregory, by St. Paul's, with a certain offensive Weapon, call'd an Iron Hammer, &c. on 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dew 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Lynnel 
                        



                      
                   did make an Assault, with a felonious Intent, their Money to steal, &c
            .
John Dew. Mrs. Lynnel and I had been to see my Mother in the Strand, on the 4th of February; we came back after Seven o'Clock, and at Fleet ditch we took Coach to carry us to St. Margaret's Hill. On the South Side of St. Paul's, the Prisoner came, and put something into the Coach, and another (who was with him) cry'd out, - Stop! stop! but the Coachman drove on; upon which the Prisoner ran from the Coach-door, and told the Coachman, - If he did not stop, he would knock his Brains out. The Coach was stopp'd by the Prisoner; and I open'd the Coach-door and jump'd out, Mrs. Lynnel jump'd out after me, and slipp'd down; I had no sooner help'd her up, but the Prisoner ran from the Horses Heads to the Coach door again, and cry'd, - D - mn it, where's the Man and the Woman that were in the Coach! I cry'd, here; and he laid hold of me; I took hold of him; he had a Hammer in his Hand: But a Gentleman happening to come by, assisted me, and we took him to a publick House, 'till we could get a Constable. When the Constable came, we found a Peruke under him, but he would not own it belong'd to him. This is the Hammer; and a Knife was also found in his Pocket. He beg'd hard to be let go; but the Constable secur'd him, and the next Morning when he was carry'd before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Thompson 
               



            , he said he believed the Wig that was found under him, (the Night before) was his, and it was accordingly return'd to him by the Constable. I apprehend his Design was to rob us, by his stopping the Coach.


                  Sarah 
                  Clark 
               



            . I was coming out of Red Lion Court


, on the South Side of St. Paul's, and heard a Cry of - Thieves! - Murder! when I had got to the End of the Court, I heard somebody say, he had a Pistol; I look'd and pok'd about, and found this Hammer. I ask'd who this belong'd to? and the Coachman came up, and took it from me.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Lynnel 
               



             gave exactly the same Account as Mr. Dew had done, only adding, - That when the Prisoner put the Hammer into the Coach she took it for a Pistol.



                  Thomas 
                  Golding 
               



            . the Coachman. I was driving by St. Paul's that Night, a little after Seven o'Clock, and the Prisoner and another Man, call'd out, - Stop! I ask'd them what I must stop for, and went on a little farther; but the Prisoner came up to the Horses, and said if I did not stop he would knock my Brains out.


                  William 
                  Elson 
               



            . On Sunday the 4th of this Month, I was coming through St. Paul's Church-yard, between Seven and Eight o'Clock at Night, and heard a Cry of Stop Thief! - Murder! I went to see what was the Matter, and found Mr. Dew and the Prisoner between the Posts and the Houses. The Prisoner said, - Where's the Man and the Woman that was in the Coach? the Prosecutor said, - I am the Man. Then the Prisoner struck him, and disengaged himself from him; but upon the Prosecutor's calling out, - (What will nobody assist in taking a Street Robber,) I seiz'd him by the Collar.
Prisoner. I was coming along Paul's Churchyard, and this Man and Woman cry'd out, Thieves. I was then before them, and cry'd, - What's the Matter? Upon which the Man said, I suppose you are one of them, and so he laid hold of my Coat, and said I had a Pistol about me; and they carry'd me into a House, and took a Knife from me, tho' I told them I was a Coachman, and that we Coachmen seldom go without Knives about us.
Three Witnesses spoke to the Prisoner's Character, and said they thought he had been an honest Fellow. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


