





22 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ewer 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silk Turkey-quilt embroider'd, val. 5 l. and 3 Sattin Pillow-bears embroider'd, val. 20 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Layton 
                        




                      
                  , in his House
            , July 28, in the 5th Year of the King
.
In June and July, 1731, the Prosecutor's Family being in the Country, his House (in St. Margaret's Westminster


) was enter'd, his Boxes, Chests, and Cabinet broke open, the Drawers left on the Floor, and the Goods in the Indictment, with other rich Furniture, &c. taken away. Above a Bushel of Soot, lay on the Dining room Hearth, and was thought to be left there, to make believe, that some Body came down the Chimney; but it sifted fine, no bits of Mortar were among it, nor any Footsteps in it; and besides, the Chimney was hooded at top, and the Lock of the Street-door was out of order.
The Goods were advertis'd, and in August, 1731, the Prisoner offer'd to pawn those in the Indictment to Mr. Pretty, in Vere-Street, and being examin'd how he came by them, he said, they were lent him to raise Money to christen his Child, and then he ran, away and left the Goods.

In the Prisoner's Defence, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Watson,




                  Mary 
                  Lloyd 
               



            , and 
               
                  Isabella 
                  Richardson 
               



            , swore, that in August 1731, they were at the Prisoner's Cellar, where he was at work (he being a Carpenter
) and a Man came down with a Bundle, like a silk Quilt, and said, You see, Mr. Ewer, I am as good as my Word, I'll lend you this to pledge; but let me have it again as soon as you can.
The Jury found him 


               guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


