





3. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sherrington 
                  



               
            , of St. Botolph without Bishopsgate


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Wig, Value 4 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Holland 
                        




                      
                  , in the Shop
             of 
               
                  George 
                  Bond 
               



            , September 11
.


                  Ephraim 
                  Ellock 
               



            . The Prisoner came into Mr. Major (a Barber)'s Shop in Bishopsgate-street


, between 3 and 4 a Clock; he complain'd of the Strangury, and went backwards into the Yard. I suppose at that time he put the Wig into his Breeches. He soon came back and stood talking in the Shop about a Quarter of an Hour, and then went away. I mist the Wig in a few Minutes after it was gone, and went directly to Middle-Row in Holbour, and at the 3d Wig-shop I came to I found it. Mr. Horn who keeps that Shop had it in his Hand when I came in, and he said it was not 5 Minutes since he bought it.
- Horn. I bought the Wig of the Prisoner on the 11th of September, towards the Evening; he said, he had it to sell for a Gentleman's Servant. He ask'd a Guinea and a half, I bid him 25 s. and a Shilling for himself; he said he would have half a Pint of Winethen, and so we agreed. I did not mistrust him, because I had known him a pretty while. He gets his Bread by making up Wigs, and I have bought a great many of him, and took him to be a very honest Man. So that when Mr. Major's Man came in and said the Wig was stolen, you must needs think I was very much surpriz'd, and wonder'd how the Devil came to put it into the Prisoner's Head.
Prisoner. I found the Wig. The Jury found him 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


