







                     David 
                     Dickson 
                  



               
            , of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing eighteen Guineas and a half, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           William
                            Cushnee



                     
                  , in the Dwelling-House of Mr. Hall
            , the 21st of June
 last.


                  William 
                  Cushnee 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner was his Lodger, and he having come lately from Scotland, and having three Guineas and a half, desir'd his Wife to lay it up for him, and give it him as he had occasion for it, and had had a Guinea and a half of the Money at times as he wanted it; that the last Money he wanted, he went himself to give it him, it was in the Prisoner's own Pocket Book, which was laid in the Drawer of a Trunk, in which lay the eighteen Guineas and a half scatter'd about in the Drawer, which the Prisoner standing by, and looking over his Shoulder, had an opportunity of seeing; that this was about eight Days before the Money was lost; that the Prisoner having a Watch, and having broken the Chain, wanting Money, desired him to sell it for him, which he refusing, the Prisoner pawn'd it for 15 s. as was proved in Court by the Pawnbroker.
This Evidence was confirm'd by the Prosecutor's Wife, 
               
                  Anne 
                  Cushnee 
               



            , who depos'd, That the Prisoner having desired her to lay up in his Pocket Book three Guineas and a half, he having no Conveniency to lay it in, and not caring to carry it about him, that she did so, and the next Week he desir'd to have half a Guinea of it, and about ten Days after that he desir'd to have another Guinea, which she gave him, and soon after ask'd for his Pocket Book, and the other two Guineas, which was given him, as her Husband had before depos'd. That on Sunday, the 21st of June, the Prisoner came into her Room, and sate there Reading, that she telling him, it was time to go to Church, that the Bells had rung in, he went, but came back again in less than half an Hour; that she asking him, why he came back so soon? He said, the Prayers were ended, and he was weary of standing; that she not knowing how to get him out of the Room, and wanting to shift herself, was oblig'd to go down into a Neighbour's Room to do it; that while she was out of the Room, the Key of that Drawer in which the Money was, hung with other Keys in the upper Part of the Trunk, the Prisoner sitting by the Trunk reading, that she suspecting nothing, never look'd for her Money till the Wednesday following; that then she being washing, the Prisoner desir'd to have his Linen wash'd, saying, he was to go into the Country; she knew not by what foreboding of Mind, ran up in some surprize to look for her Money, and having taken the Keys out of her Trunk some Days before, and thrown them among some Clothes into a Basket, open'd the Drawer, and found that all her Money was gone; upon which knowing that no Body had been alone in her Room but the Prisoner, she complained before the Prisoner of her Money being lost; and she observing that the Prisoner took little Notice of it, there being no other Person for her to suspect but the Prisoner, she charg'd him with it; but he deny'd it, she got an Officer, and would have him consent to be search'd, but he said he would not be search'd but before higher Powers; whereupon he was carried before the Justice, and being search'd, in his Pocket Book were found twenty Guineas and a half; that before she saw the Money, there were among her Guineas two that she had taken particular Notice of, and if at any time she took out Money, she always took Care to look over them, and lay them by, resolving not to part with them while she had any other left; that they both of them had a Pig (as she call'd it, i. e. an Elephant) under the Head, one of them was a very fair new Guinea, and the other an old one, that had been a little defac'd or worn; that upon looking over the Money, there were two such Guineas there, which she swore positively to be two of those she had lost; and the same she swore in Court, they being produc'd and shewn to her.
Justice Webster depos'd, That she did before him describe one, or both, of the Guineas before ever she saw them.
The Prisoner began his Defence with a florid Harangue, That it was some Alleviation to the Greatness of his Misfortune, that tho' he was a Stranger in the Country, distant from his Friends, he had the Happiness to stand and vindicate his Innocence before so honourable a Court, the Fame of whose Justice and Impartiality he had so often heard. That as to the Fact he was charg'd with, he was intirely Innocent; that he descended of a reputable Family, had the Happiness of having had a Gentleman-like , learned, and virtuous Education; had commence Master of Arts in the University of A ; was capable of taking his Trial in Latin or Greek ; was always train'd and educated in 
               
                  Christian 
                  Principles 
               



            , and his Mind embellish'd with such noble Notions of Vertue, that it was not probable, may, possible, he could be Guilty of so base a Fact as he stood charg'd with; that he had serv'd several Years in the Excise in Scotland, had good Recommendations thence to London; that he had indeed married unhappily, and for that Reason came to London in Expectation of some Advancement; and that he brought Money with him from Scotland, and could prove he had more Money than the three Guineas and a half, but being a Stranger, kept it conceal'd, being sew'd up in his Fob. And in Proof of this, call'd 
               
                  Isabel 
                  Pearson 
               



            , who depos'd, That she met with the Prisoner in Wapping, he being just come on Shore, that they went in to drink together, discoursing of several Persons in Scotland ; that the Prisoner at paying the Reckoning, pull'd out a great deal of Money in Gold and Silver, she could not tell how much, but it might be twenty Guineas, or more; she added, that the Prosecutor told her he would not willingly do any harm to the Prisoner, if he would give him his Money as a present, he would make it up at any Rate.
Justice Webster depos'd, That this Evidence came to him, and demanded the Money as a Relation of his.
Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Hays 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner came to him the 23d of June, to be hired by him as an Usher
, he keeping a Boarding-School at Chiswick; and that he taking Notice of his Cloaths, not thinking them good enough to appear in the Capacity he was to act in, ask'd him, what Money he had? And he told him, but three Guineas.


                  Margaret 
                  Crookshank 
               



             depos'd, That she heard the Prisoner say, the Day before he was taken up, that he had but three Guineas and a half when he came to Town.


                  Thomas 
                  Staples 
               



            , the Constable, depos'd, That when he was carrying the Prisoner to Prison, in the Coach, he advis'd him to confess, and make the Matter easy; that he said, that he would be willing the Prosecutor should have all the Money in the Justice's Hand; but he would not confess, he would be Hang'd first , and he would go and prepare himself for Death.
The Prisoner intimated, that the Prosecutor was but a Journeyman Taylor, and his Wife a Washerwoman, and that it was unlikely that he should have so much as eighteen Guineas and a half, and call'd some Witnesses who had heard the Prosecutor's Wife complain for want of Money.
To this the Prosecutor and his Wife reply'd, That upon Occasion of some Words between him and his Wife, the Prisoner took upon him to say, what need have you to complain, you have Gold enough.
But the Prosecutor call'd others who establish'd his Character as to that; and that he and his Wife were honest, saving, and industrious People, and did generally pass in the Neighbourhood for Persons aforehand in the World.
The Prisoner likewise call'd some Persons to his Character, but their Acquaintance with him was but of short Continuance; and the Fact being plainly proved, the Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


