






26, 27. 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Whitesides 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Scott 
                  



                
            , of St. Leonard's Foster-Lane



, were indicted for 


               privately stealing a Hat, value 10 s. and a Hatband, value 1 s. the Goods 
                     
                        
                           Paul 
                           Fellows 
                        




                      
                  , in the Shop
             of 
               
                  Bryant 
                  Ambler 
               



            , the 4th of March last.
Bryan Ambler. On Saturday Night about 9 a Clock, as I was in a back Room behind my Shop, I heard a noise, and coming forward, I saw my Boy struggling with Scott (the least of the Prisoners) and he told me that Scott had held him, while another ran away with the Hat.


                  Maurice 
                  Harrison 
               



            . While I was behind the Counter, Scott came into the Shop, and ask'd, what was a Clock? and Whitesides was behind him. Scott clapp'd his Hand on the Flap of the Counter, and held it down, that I should not lift it up to come out, and at the same time Whitesides snatch'd a Hat off the Counter, and ran away with it, and Scott went after him, but I stopt Scott before he had got to the next Door, and got him into the Shop again; I think Whitesides is the other Person, but I cannot swear positively to him.


                  John 
                  Davison 
               



            . I happen'd to be at a Shop where Whitesides came in to sell a Hat, and Hatband, he sold the Band for 3 d. and I heard him tell his Companions, that he took it out of such a Haberdasher's Shop, in Cheapside, upon which I went and gave the Prosecutor notice, and we found the Prisoner next Day at the same Shop, where I had seen him before.


                  Thomas 
                  Harman 
               



            . I bought this Hat of 
               
                  Harry 
                  Whitesides 
               



             o' Sunday Night. Scott. I only went in to ask what was a Clock; but I know nothing of Whitesides. Whitesides. I saw a Man run along Cheapside, and throw away the Hat, and so I thought I might as well pick it up as another. The Jury found each of them 


               Guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


