







                  Katharine 
                  Pember 
               



             , of St. Sepulchres


 , was indicted for 


               privately stealing one Moidore, one broad Piece, value 23 s. three Guineas and a half, and three Pounds in Money, from 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bailey 
                        




, November 1
.


                  William 
                  Bailey 
               



             thus depos'd, Coming down Cornhill with a Friend, I saw the Prisoner with another Woman, and they pretended to be afraid of Street-Robbers; upon which I and my Friend offer'd to go along with them, which they accepted; when we had seen them, as we thought, out of Danger, we were for returning back, but the Prisoner said, if we would go with them to her Sisters in Chick-Lane , she would treat us with a Fowl, we went with them to the Black Boy in Black Boy-Alley


, and called for a Tiff of Punch, (it being a publick House,) but after staying there some time, not very well liking the Place, called to pay the Reckoning, I pull'd out my Purse, and paid it: The Prisoner came to me, and kissed me, and picked my Pocket of the Money laid in the Indictment; I had a Moidore, which I had taken in Trade, that was something dubious, and asked them to change it, but they could not, so paid them in other Money - I had my Money not two Minutes before the Prisoner came and kiss'd me, and she was but just got out of the Room before I miss'd it.


                  Thomas 
                  Harrison 
               



             depos'd to the very same Effect, as to their manner of coming there, adding, that he heard his Friend complain to the Landlord, that he had lost his Money in his House, upwards of Nine Pounds, but that he did not see the Prisoner kiss him, or take his Money.


                  George 
                  Harris 
               



             depos'd to this Effect; Sometime ago being in Wood-street, 
               
                  Francis 
                  Wright 
               



             spoke to me to get the Matter made up with Bailey, and told me he had got six Guineas and a Moidore of the Prisoner - The next Day he offer'd five Guineas and the Moidore, and desired me to speak to Bailey to make it up, and I should have half a Guinea for my self; I told him Mr. Bailey was averse to making of it up, Wright said he came from the Prisoner, and Pember was with him that goes for her Husband.


                  Samuel 
                  Weller 
               



             depos'd, That Pember and Wright came to him, and desired it might be made up, for he declared the Cole was sunk, but they had five Guineas and a Moidore left, and he would give a Note for the rest - said that his Wife was Drunk in Bed - this Deponent faith, that the Prisoner sent several times to him, desiring him to prevail with Bailey to make it up.
The Prisoner said, that they offer'd her to make it up for Ten Guineas; but she refus'd , and deny'd the Fact.
Denby Pierce (who keeps the House) depos'd, That two Men and two Women came in; the Men were fuddled, but said they came to be merry, and called for a Tiff of Punch, that they had three Bowls and half a pint of Brandy, and paid him Ten Shillings for it; that Bailey went out several times with the other Woman, and about Twelve o'Clock, Bailey , and his Friend asked him for a Lodging, but he told them his Beds were full - some time after that the Prosecutor came with some others, and said, if this Deponent would give him Ten Pounds, he would have no Warrant against him, nor the Prisoner, but he would not give it - That the Prosecutor did offer him a Moidore to pay the Reckoning, but he could not Change it - And that Pember goes for the Prisoner's Husband.


                  Mary 
                  Jones 
               



             depos'd, That she saw the Prosecutor drink in the Prisoner's Company, and see them together in an Alehouse in Russel-Street .
Mr. Bailey added, that he went to take the Prisoner up with a Warrant, and hearing she used Mr. Warwick's House in Drury-Lane , he went and found her there, and told her he had a Warrant against her; upon which another Woman came up, and run against him, and said, if he touched her, she would swear her Life against him, for she was with Child, and so the Prisoner got away.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Harry 
               



             depos'd, That she was at Mr. Warwick's House when the Prosecutor came in, and he asked the Prisoner to go to a Barnic with him; and that she heard the Prisoner say she was not Guilty.
The Prisoner said the same, and that Bailey told her she had Cloaths that she might pawn, and raise Money upon, but she refus'd.


                  Anne 
                  Poor 
               



             thus depos'd , I was at Mr. Pierce's, and there were two Gentlemen disguiz'd in Liquor, and the Prisoner thanked them, and would have treated them; they called for two or three Bowls of Punch, Mr. Bailey was sick, and cast up his Accompts - I did see him offer a Moidore, and had it in my hand, but it was not good.


                  Richard 
                  Curtis 
               



             depos'd, That he heard 
               
                  James 
                  Lewis 
               



             say , that he would be up with the Prisoner if he waited, (or Watched) the whole Winter. N. B. Lewis, is one that the Prisoner accuses with pushing on this Prosecution.


                  Ann 
                  Pierce 
               



             (Wife of Denby Pierce) thus depos'd, The Prisoner is my Sister, and I have kept her this two Years; what she did before I cannot tell, but since I have been Married she has lived very honestly , and has not wanted for Victuals and Drink , and as for Cloaths she had enough before.
Bailey says further, That upon offering to take 
               
                  Anne 
                  Pierce 
               



            's Husband, she said D - the B - ch, my Husband shall not come into trouble about her , you shall have her in a Fortnight. Upon the whole, the Jury found her 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


