





24. 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             of St. Catherines


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Saint 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing a Hat value 10 s. a Shagreen Case, value 2 s. an Agate handle Knife and Fork, val. 1 s. 2 Silver Buckles, val. 6 s. 1 Silver Buckle set with Stones, val. 12 s. 2 Silver Chains, val. 3 s. and 3 Girdles, val. 1 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Saint 
                     



                  , July 9
. about the Hour of 11 at Night
            .
William Saint. The Prisoner was my Servant
. On the 9th of July he ran away from me at Sheerness, and took my Boat with him. While I and my Wife were at Ghent in Flanders, I received a Letter from 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Riddle 
               



             (who I left in my House in St. Catherines


) informing me that my House had been robb'd by my Man Harry. I took a Post-Chaise to Dunkirk, and from thence sent my Wife Home in a Vessel before me. When I came Home, he owned to me in New-Prison, that he got upon the House by the help of 2 Poles, and so into the Garret-window on the Saturday-night; that he was in the House 20 Hours; that (when Riddle went out on Sunday-morning) he went into every Room of the House, and ransackled all the Drawers, and that he had really broke 14 or 15 Locks.


                  Thomas 
                  Riddle 
               



            . As I was smoaking my Pipe about 9 o'Clock o' Sunday-night, at a Neighbour's House, some of Madam Saint's Neighbours sent me Word, that the Street-door was open, and Captain 
               
                  Saint
               


             had sent me a Letter before, that his Man Harry was run away. So I thought it was Harry's doings; and upon searching the House, I found his Hat in the Garret, and a Hammer and Gimblet under the Bed-Quilt up one Pair of Stairs. The Garret-door was broke open, and 2 Panes taken out of the Garret-window. The Prisoner was taken next Day by a 
               
                  Young 
                  Man 
               



            , who brought him to Mr. Cooper's over against Capt. Saint's House. He confess'd that he got up to the Garret-window by 2 Poles, and then sot a Top of the House till his Companion came up, and took out 2 Panes of Glass out of the Garret-Window, and so open'd it and got in. That the Fellow, his Companion, staid half an Hour in the House, and then went down the same way as he came; but that he himself got in about 10 or 11 at Night, and lay there till next Day. We found this Pocket-Piece, and Pocket-Bottle upon him, which he said he took out of the Desk; this Hat out of the Closet; and this Purse with a Silver Scissars-Chain ; these Girdles and Buckles out of the Drawers; and so I sont the Captain 
               
                  Word
               


             of what had happen'd.


                  Mary 
                  Saint 
               



            . I was in Flanders with Mr. Saint, when, Riddle sent me Word that my Man had broke open my House, and stole my Goods. This is my Stone Buttle, and my Silver Girdle; they were in my Drawers in my Fore-Room, and this is my Purse, and all the Things that are in it are mine, and they were taken out of my Drawers in my Back-Room.
The Jury 


               acquitted him of the Burglary, and found him guilty of Felony only, to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


