





22. 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Ogleby 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a silver Watch, Value 4 l. from the Person of 
                     
                        John 
                        Davis 
                     



, Jan. 24
.
John Davis. About 6 at Night I met the Prisoner in White-lion Street, by the Seven Dials. She ask'd me to drink a Dram, and I went with her to Mrs. Young's, a Chandler's Shop, and we had a Quartern and a half of Brandy in a Back-Room by our selves; I pulled out my Watch to see what a Clock it was, and put it up again; she ask'd me for a Shilling upon the Account of - but I did nothing with her. She went away before me, and I staying to count my Money miss'd my Watch. I describ'd her to the People of the House, and they said they knew her, but could not tell where she liv'd. They sent for me next Day, and I found the Prisoner and her Husband there, and they abused me barbarously.
Court. 'Twas well he did not speak with you for having a Correspondence with his Wife.
Constable. She own'd to me that she had the Watch, and had given it to her Husband, to pawn for 30 s. He was taken up for two or three Assaults, and is now in Bridewell - He had beat the Prosecutor, and made him all over bloody.
Prisoner. He pick'd up two Women, and lay with them two Nights, at Moll Adams's in Newtoner's Lane.
Davis. It's true, I was with Clarety-Face Hannah, and another Woman, but that was after I lost my Watch - I had nothing to do with them; I only went to them to enquire after the Prisoner.
Prisoner. They were his old Companions, for when he pick'd me up, he ask'd me, if I knew Clarety-Face Hannah in Castle-Court, and he told me, he used to go to her. He and I had two hot Pots, and two Quarterns of Brandy together; and he offer'd me first Six-pence and then a Shilling, and then he gave me Three-pence more, and, says I, what must I do for this Money? Why, says he, 'tis to let me - . The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


