







                     Margaret 
                     Eaton , alias Irish Peg



               
            , of St. Botolph's Aldgate


, was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cooper 
                        




                      
                   on the Highway, putting him in fear of his Life, and privately taking a Silver Watch, value 5 l.
             from the Person of the said 
               
                  John 
                  Cooper 
               



            , the 12th of this Instant October
 .

The Prosecutor depos'd, That as he was going along the Minories, a Woman ask'd him to give her something to pay for her Lodging, that he went along, and stopp'd to make Water, and the Woman came to him, and two Men, and threaten'd, if he did not deliver his Money, &c. he was a dead Man; and that they run him up into an Alley, and while they stood threatening him, the Woman rifled him of his Money and his Watch; but he could not Swear the Prisoner was the Woman, but he did believe she was the Woman.


                  Thomas 
                  Clark 
               



            , the Watchman, depos'd, That the Prosecutor came to the Watch-House at Tower-Hill, and said, he was Robbed of his Watch; and they stopping several Persons that came by the Watch-House, the Prosecutor staid in the Watch-House all Night, and a Person coming by, and saying, he had seen Irish Peg have a Watch to dispose of, and that she had sold it for 20 s. at one Plummer 's in Rosemary-Lane; that thereupon they went thither, and found the Watch, which Plummer depos'd the Prisoner had left with him for 19 s. and 6 d. The finding the Watch was confirm'd by other Evidences, and the Prisoner own'd her having dispos'd of the Watch, pretending she had found it; but the Fact being plainly prov'd, the Jury found her 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


