





20. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Adams 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Crape Gown and Petticoat, Value 20s. a Lutestring Night Gown, Value 20 s. a Sattin Gown and Petticoat, Value 40 s a Camblet Cloak, Value 20 s. a Crimson Poplin Cloak, Value 20s. and other Things, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Peers 
                        




                      
                  , in the House of 
                     
                        William 
                        Pearson 
                     



, Oct. 1
.
Mrs. Peers. I lost a Crape Gown and Coat lin'd with black Silk, a Lutestring Gown and Coat lin'd with grey Silk, a white flower'd damask Coat, and several other Apparel out of a Box, which I left lock'd and corded in Mr. Pearson's 
               
                  Garret 
                  Mr 
               



            . Pearson kept a Goldsmith's Shop by Smithfield Bars


. I lodged at his House about a 12 Month, when I went away I left my Box in his Garret. I had been gone from thence about half a Year, when having Occasion for some of my Things, I went thither to fetch 'em. Mrs. Pearson went up with me. I found my Box corded and lock'd as I left it, but as soon as I open'd it I miss'd my Goods. Madam, says I, somebody has robb'd me. She seem'd as much surpriz'd as I was my self. The Prisoner had been her Servant, but was then gone away, and was taken up for another Fact: This gave us Occasion to suspect her. We found her at Hicks's-Hall. She confess'd to me that she had lifted up the Lid of the Box without unlocking it, and drawn the Cloaths out and carried them to pawn, at three several Times, to Mr. Hamlin's a Pawn-broker in Drury-lane. She cry'd, and begg'd me not to hang her. We went to the Pawn-broker's, who used us very ill, and told us we should have nothing but what the Law allowed us.
Mrs. Pearson. The Prisoner had been my Servant
 half a Year, and after she was gone from me, she was committed to Prison for another Offence. When Mrs. Peers mist her Goods, I said to her, I am afraid this Wench has robb'd you. We saw her at Hicks's-Hall, and taking her aside, charg'd her with this Fact. She cry'd, and readily owned it, and said, she hop'd I would be favourable to her, for she had not broke any Lock, but lifted up the Lid of the Box and drawn the Things out, and that she had pawn'd them in Drury-lane. We went to the Pawn-brokers; he deny'd them at first, and would not deliver them till we brought her to him from Bridewell.
Court. What are these Goods worth?
Mrs. Peers. About 10l.
Court. Did she say she took them all at once?
Mrs. Pearson. She said she carried them out of my House at three Times, and so carried them to pawn. She went from me September 12.
Prisoner. They promised me to be merciful if I would confess.
Court. What do you say to that?
Mrs. Pearson. Yes, we did.
Court. Then you did Wrong. You ought not by Promise of Favour to draw Persons into Confession, and then make use of those Confessions to take away their Lives. When Confessions are obtained in such a Manner, they ought to have but little Weight with the Jury.
Mrs. Pearson, We have no Desire to take away her Life.
Court. It may be so. But if the Jury should find that she took the Value of 40s. at any one time, she will be capitally convicted.


                  John 
                  Hamlin 
               



            , Pawn-broker. These Goods were brought to me at 3 times; the 5th, the 12th, and the 13th of September. On the first Parcel I lent 10 s. 6 d. 15 s. on the 2 d, and 30s. on the third. The Prisoner owned the Tickets upon them, but I can't swear that she was the Person that brought them.
Court. It looks very ill in a Pawn-broker to receive such valuable Goods of such a Person as the Prisoner, without examining how she came by them. By her Appearance he could not imagine her to be the Owner of them. These People know if they bought Goods under such suspicious Circumstances at an under Rate, they would be liable to be prosecuted as Receivers of stolen Goods, and they think to evade the Law by lending a Trifle upon 'em to Persons who they are pretty sure will never come to redeem them. I doubt not but in these Cases they know too well that the Goods are stolen, and I hope, in time, it will be equally punished. This Man's denying the Goods, when Persons of Credit came to demand them, has a very knavish Appearance. Officer! don't let the Pawn-broker go out of Court till the Jury have brought in their Verdict.


                  David 
                  Jones 
               



            . The Woman at the Pawn-broker's had the Confidence to tell us that the Goods were not worth above 14s. more than they were pawn'd for; tho' they cost above 30 l.
Mrs. Pearson. He took me by the Arm and thrust me into the Street.
Mr. Jones. And he said to me, The Parliament were not able to do any thing with us, and what do you pretend to do?


                  Joseph 
                  Baily 
               



            . He abused us all in a very gross Manner.
Court. Are you willing to prosecute this Man? It will be doing Justice to your Country.
Mr. Baily. As your Lordship pleases.
Hamlin. I hope you won't serve me so. [a-part].
Mr. Baily. Rememember how you serv'd us. [ a-part ].
Court. Officer, take the Pawn-broker into Custody.
Hamlin. My Lord!
Court. If you can find sufficient Bail the Court will take it.
Then Mr. Baily, and the other Witnesses, entered into Recognizances to prosecute the Pawn-broker at next Sessions. And the Jury found the Prisoner 


               guilty to the Value of 39s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


