






25. 
               
                  
                     Harry 
                     Fowl 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 15 Yards of Thread-Sattin, 27 Yards of Shagreen, 15 Yards of Lustring, 10 Yards of White Tabby, two half Yards of Groram, 1 Yard of Damask. 13 Yards of Crape, 3 Yards of Rasdegene, 18 Yards of Sarcenet, 106 Yards of Mantua, 13 Yards of Persian, 1 Yard of Velvet, and 1 Yard of Tabby Brocade
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Adams 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Fathergill 
                  



                
            , Jan. 23

. and
26. 
               


            , for 


               receiving 7 Yards and a Quarter of Sarcenet, 10 Yards of Shagreen, and 23 Yards of Mantua, part of the said Goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  Nathaniel 
                  Adams 
               



            . 
               
                  Harry 
                  Fowl 
               



             had been my Servant
 2 or 3 Years. I lost a great many Goods in that Time; but did not suspect him, for I took him to be very honest. I have laid no more to his Charge in the Indictment, than what I found again at his Lodging in Honey-Lane Market, and at other Places, and what I have here to produce. When these Goods were restored to me, I compared several of the Quantities with the Pieces I had from whence they were cut, and they tallied. This Piece of White Mantua Silk in particular, has his own Mark of 36 half Yards on it, and-this, with the Piece I have at home, from whence it was parted, makes exactly that Measure; here are 49 Quantities cut off, which make 169 Yards in all, which we have put up in 7 Parcels, seal'd and mark'd; 5 of these Parcels I swear to, but the other 2, my Partner knows better than I.
Richard Manning. I keep the Sign of the Carpenter and Weavers Arms, in Honey-Lane Market, the Weavers use my House to sell their Goods to other Weavers and Macklers, and I have a great many Warehouses on purpose to lay their Goods in; a Porter having at several Times brought several Parcels for the Prisoner - , to dispose of, I at last open'd some of them, and found them not to be whole Pieces nor Remnants, but Quantities cut off, which gave me some Suspicion. I shew'd them to several Weavers, who believ'd, with me, that they were stolen; upon which, I order'd my Boy (next time the Porter came) to dog him. The Boy did, and told me, that he follow'd the Porter to Mr. Biard's, at the Queen's-Arms, on Ludgate-Hill; I went to Mr. Biard's, and and told him, that his Porter had brought 9 Pieces of Silk to my House that Day for - . Mr. Biard came to my House, but did not own any of the Goods; however, he took one Piece of Cloth-colour'd Mantua, and went with me to several Mercers Shops, and at last matched it at Mr. Adams's. The Prisoner Fowl was not then within, but he came while we staid. He was charged with the Fact, and confess'd that he sent those and a great many other Goods by the Porter to my House for Mr. - . I met with - , and said to him, How came you to take such cut Goods from a Servant? You could not think he came honestly by them; I believe I have had as many left for you as came to 1000 l. It's no such Thing, says he, for I never paid Fowl above 100 l. for what I have had of him.
Court. What Business does - follow?
Manning. He's a Mackler -  one that sells Goods for the Weavers; and sometimes he makes Goods himself.
Court. Is it not usual for Macklers to sell for Mercers as well as Weavers?
Manning. No.
Court. He own'd, you say, that he had the Goods from Fowl; did he say any thing how Fowl came by them?
Manning. He told me that Fowl said he had them at a Sale.


                  Samuel 
                  Biard 
               



            , Porter. Fowl has given me, I believe, 10 Parcels, to carry to Mr. Manning's for Mr. - . They were ty'd up handsomely, like whole Pieces, but I never saw them open, and so can't swear to them.
Mr. Maynard. Mr. Manning charged me with - , and then we went to Fowl's Lodgings, and there, in his Burean, found these 49 Pieces; this Parcel was taken out of - Cupboard, which he rents in Mr. Manning's House. This Parcel we found at Mr. Bullock's a Piece-Broker, at the Black-Raven behind St. Clement's, and this other at Mr. Waters's, at the White-Swan, in the same Street.
Bullock and Waters own'd they had such Goods of - , and said, it was as usual for the Piece-Brokers to buy such Pieces of the Macklers, as of the Weavers.


                  George 
                  Fothergill 
               



            . We found these Goods in Fowl's Lodging, and - directed us to Bullock's and Waters's, where we found these other 2 Parcels, which I swear to be mine.


                  Samuel 
                  Edwards 
               



            . Fowl serv'd his Time with me, and afterwards set up for himself, but met with Misfortunes. I always thought him honest, and was surpriz'd when I heard this of him.
Several Witnesses appear'd for - , they gave him, in general, a good Character, and said, it belong'd to his Business to sell Remnants, as well as whole Pieces. But being ask'd, if one who they knew to be a Mercer's Man, had brought them Parcels which were not Remnants, but Quantities cut off of whole Pieces, whether they should not have had some Suspicion that he did not come honestly by them? They said, Yes.
One Evidence depos'd, that being at - House, she heard Fowl tell him, there was to be a Sale next Week. And, another (a Velvet Weaver) that sometimes, in making a large Piece of Velvet, they happen to make a Hole in it, in which Case it was common for them to tear it off, and give it to the Macklers to sell, because the Mercers would oblige them to make too large Abatements for such Faults in their Work. The Jury found the Prisoners 

               Guilty
            .





[Fowl:Transportation. See summary.]








[L P: Branding. See summary.]


