





55. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Wilson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 6 Silver Tea Spoons, value 16 s. a large Silver Spoon, value 10 s. a Gold Ring, value 16 s. 8 Guineas, and 10 s. in Money, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Kinshillug 
                        




                      
                   in her Dwelling House
            , Nov. 9. 1735
.
Mary Kinshillug. The Prisoner came into my House, and laid she was just come off the Water; she call'd for a Quartern of Brandy, complaining she was very cold. I was drinking Tea, so I invited her to drink a Dish to warm her; I got her some Toast and Butter, and made very much of her, tho' she was a Stranger. In our Conversation, she told me she had a Brother who was a Holland Trader, and for my Civility she would make me a Present of a quarter of a Pound of Tea. Thus we passed away an Hour or two, and then she asked me, if I had a Room in the House to spare; for if I had her Brother (she said) should make use of it. I shewed her my Dining-Room above Stairs, and she order'd a good Fire to be made in it against her Brother came. The next Day she came again, and told me she was a Seventh Daughter, and had studied the Planets, and that there was hidden Treasure in my Cellar, - (but 'twas she found, the Treasure, - and I lost it.) When I heard there was Treasure in my Cellar, I told her I wish'd she could find it, - if she did, she should take what she pleased out of it for herself. Why, won't you believe me, said she, I said I could hardly think there was any; but she fell down on her Knees, and wish'd bitter Wishes if it was not true; and on Account of this Treasure, she directed me to put all the Money an valuable Things I had in the House together in a Napkin, and lay it on the Table. I did so, and wrapp'd up 16 Tea Spoons, a large Spoon, a Gold Ring, 8 Guineas, and 10 s. in Silver. Then she took a Pound of Bay Salt and a Pewter Spoon, and wrapp'd the Spoon and the Salt up together. I was call'd down to a Customer, and when I went up Stairs again, all my Things were gone, and she too. I never had any of them again. I am positive the Prisoner is the Person that robb'd me; tho' she is dirty now, she was clean then. I am sure she gave me so aching a Heart, that I could have remember'd her 20 Years. I could have remember'd she was with me 2 Days, a conjuring me out of my Senses.
- Gray. The Prisoner is the Person who was there 2 Days: I was at the Door when she went out with Kirshillug's Money and Goods, when she was out of Doors, she turn'd back and desir'd me to keep a good Fire in my Room, for she was coming back again with a great quantity of Tea in 5 Minutes, and she would put it in my Room, because she did not care (she said) to trust my Landlady Kinshillug. She was call'd out of the Dining Room from the Prisoner, to give Change to a Customer below; and in the mean Time she ran away.
Kirshillug. There was no Soul in the Dining-Room but she and I talking about the hidden Treasure, I left her but a very little while, but when I went up Stairs again she was gone, and all my Money too.
- Galloway. I saw Kingshillug carry her Spoons and Things up Stairs, and I am positive there was no one but she and the Prisoner in the Dining-Room. I saw her come running down Stairs (after the Prisoner was gone off,) - crying out, she had lost all her Money, &c.


                  Hannah 
                  Christopher 
               



            . Six Years ago, last May, I went with the Prisoner from Bristol to Ireland; I would not speak a Lye in any Reference, but I saw her in Captain 
               
                  Ponter
               


            's Ship last Michaelmas Day was 2 Year coming for England. She lodg'd in the same House with me in King Street, Dublin, we work'd together, and I was Foot to Foot with her, and never out of her Company. I live at one Mrs. Whiting's in White Chappel 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


