






2. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rowland , otherwise 
Rowlatt




               
            , of South-Mims


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Pillowbier, a Coat, 36 Yards of Check, 15 Yards of Ticking, 12 Portugal Pieces of Gold, value 45 l. 74 Guineas and a Half, 46 Spanish Pistoles, val. 37 l. 19 s. 3 Pieces of French Gold, val. 2 l. 17 s. 9 d. and 5 l. 19 s. and 6 d. in Silver
            , the Goods and Money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     East 
                  




                
            , Decem . 10
.


                  Joseph 
                  Sherrard 
               



            . I lodge at the White-Bear at Hadley, near Barnet; the Prisoner came thither on Sunday, the 9th of December, about 9 in the Morning, he call'd for a Pen and Ink, and went into a Room to tell some Money. He came out again, in a little Time, and told me and another, he could shew me such a Sight, as I never saw with my Eyes. He pull'd out a Bag, and put twelve 3 l. 12 s. Pieces, and one Guinea into my Hand; from another Bag he took out several other Outlandish Pieces of Gold, but did not tell the Number of them; putting his Hand in his Pocket, he shew'd me Parcel a of Guineas, I can't say how many there might be; and then, opening a Paper, he produc'd a Diamond-ring, and said, he believ'd that was of more Value than all the rest; he likewise pull'd out a Purse of Gold, as he said it was, but he did not open it - and as for Silver I did not see any. He told me that his Master, who (he said) liv'd at Nottingham, had sent him about the Country with Orders to receive this Money for Goods, but I thought it more likely that he had committed some Robbery, or Murder, and so I fetch'd Assistance and apprehended him on suspicion, upon which he at first said he'd make me pay for stopping him on his Journey - But afterwards he own'd that he had robb'd his Master East.


                  John 
                  Dean 
               



            , Constable. The Prisoner was examin'd before Justice Smith.
Court. Was his Examination taken in Writing ?
Dean. I can't say as to that, but he made no Confession to me.


                  John 
                  Buckle 
               



            . 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Sherrard 
               



             told my Father, and me, that he suspected the Prisoner, and wanted a Constable. I said any Man might take a Thief. My Father, Humphry Buckle, seiz'd the Prisoner, and said he should go with us before the Justice. The Prisoner refused, and pulling out a Pocket-Book, said, Here's my Orders from my Master in the Country. I did not see the Writing, for he made a Hand of it; but I saw 48 Guineas, 12 Portugal Pieces of 3 l. 12 s. each, and some Doubloons, and double Doubloons, I think they call 'em. The Morning ( after he had been before the Justice ) as I lay by him on the Bed at the White-Bear, he confess'd to me, that he had robb'd his Master East of that Gold, and that he took it out of the Scratoir.
Court. Did he say he had taken any thing else?
Buckle. Yes, I remember a Piece of White Dimity and some other Things.
Court. Did he tell you where Mr. East lived?
Buckle. Yes, it was somewhere in London near the Monument; but I forgot the Name of the Street. And he wrote this Letter to his Master, who thereupon came down that Monday Night.
Court. Did you see him write the Letter?
Buckle. Yes, I sat close by him when he writ it.
Court. Then it may be read in Evidence.
Clerk. To Mr. 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Sanderson 
               



             in Coleman-Street, next Door to the Star-Tavern, These.
' Honoured Master 
               
                  John 
                  Fast 
               



             I have taken ' your Money and I am taken up at Barnet ' with it and so I do confess it without any ' more dispute and I do ask a thousand pardons ' and my Kinsman 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Sanderson 
               



             ' shall be bound for my making you amends ' and I have not spent but very Little of it but ' I will make it up in a litle while If you will ' but pardon me and not put me in Newgate ' I will send for my uncle out of the Countery ' which will give you any satisfy you if you ' will have But a little paticence for I do ask ' ten thousand pardons and pray do not put me ' to no more Trouble for your money is ' very safe and you will have it again so no ' more at present but your Servant Thomas ' Rowland kinsman Cistopher I do desire ' you will go to my Master with this for ' I will down of my knees and ask you ' both pardon and forgiveness and Pray pray ' go with this to my Master and Desire him ' to be as fauerably to me as he can at ' present tho I do Little Dersue it and pray ' come along with him for the money Let ' it cost what it I will pay for it asoon as ' I have an opertunity to send to my Uncle ' so pray come without fail before the Come ' with me pray get some bonds men to be ' bound for my apperince at the Sises if my ' Master does desire it But pray pasifie him ' if you Can and pray desire Mr James to ' Come to my asistance if he Can but do ' me the fauer for if my Master should take ' away my life it will do him no good so ' pray go to my Master with this with faile ' and desire him to be as Easy as he Can ' with me for I lie at his Breast now If he ' plesses to spare my Life I shall be for ' Ever bound to pray for him as Long as ' he Lives Tho Rowlatt
The Jury found him 

               guilty
             of the Indictment. 


               Transportation
            .
