





10. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Perkins 
                  



               
            , of St. Gregory's by St. Paul's


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing 4 Perukes, value 15 l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Ambrose 
                     Reason 
                  




                
            , the 23d of January
 last.
Ambrose Reason. On Twelfth Day last the Prisoner came to me as a Journeyman
; he had not liv'd with me 3 Weeks before he lay out on Sunday Night, and the next Morning when I had open'd my Shop I miss'd 4 Perukes: they were my own, and worth 15 l. - About 11 o'Clock he came home; I charg'd a Constable with him, but he deny'd the Fact, even before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brocas 
               



            . I went to one Mrs. Barnes's at St. James's, knowing he used to resort to her, and told her Perkins had robb'd me; she promis'd to come to my House the next Day, but did not: After this, he sent for me and confess'd one of the Perukes was at Barnes's; and inform'd me where he had dispos'd of the rest.
- Crisp. I bought this Wig in my own House on a Sunday; Mrs. Barnes brought it to me, and I gave 25 s. for it.
Reason. This very Wig I made for Mr. Dutch, and was to have had 5 Guineas for it.
Mrs. Barnes. He us'd to bring Wigs to my House; what I did was on his Friends Account, who lives next Door to me. He left the Wigs at my House when I was abroad, and had before shewn one of them to another Man; my Husband told Mr. Crisp he could help him to a Wig, a Penniworth; they could not agree, but Perkins afterwards sold it him for 25s. I was surprized when Mr. Reason came to my House, and did not think of telling him what I knew of the Affair.
The Prisoner said he was very sorry it should happen so
The Jury found him 


               Guilty, 4s. 10d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


