





17. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Hopkins 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Tortoise-shell Snuff-box with a Silver Rim, value 10 s. from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Patrick
                            Mac Voy
                        




, Sept. 30
.
Patrick Mac Voy. Going along Chancery-lane


 on Sunday Night with my Snuff-box in my Hand, this Creature begg'd a Pinch of Snuff; upon which I held out the Box to her carelesly, and she squeezed it out of my Hand; I catched hold of her Petticoats, and she took hold of me from the Collar, and in struggling, her Petticoats not being very strong, she got from me, and run round a Coach into the Hen-and-Chickens Entry, where she snugg'd down. I followed her close, and asked her for my Box; she said, if I'd let her tye up her Petticoats she'd give it me; but when she had done, she said she had not got it.


                  Tho 
                  Norman 
               



            . I saw him run after her; she dodged him round a Coach, and hid herself in a little Passage. She at first said, he wanted her to return the half Crown he had given her; but afterwards she said she'd give him his Box when she had ty'd up her Coats.
Prisoner. He met me in Holborn, and offered me a Shilling to go into a House of Office with him, but I refused. Then he asked me to drink a Dram, and took me into a dark Turning against the King's-Head in Chancery-lane, where he let down his Breeches, and bid me take up my Coats and fit in his Lap, and because I would not humour him, he charged me with the Robbery, and run after me and tore my Clothes to Pieces; but there was another Woman with us in the dark Alley.


                  Mack 
                  Voy 
               



            . There was no other Woman, nor did I offer any such Thing as she says. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


