





37. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fowkes 
                  



               
            , of St. James's Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing a blue Cloath Coat, a silver Shoulder-knot, a red Wast-coat faced with silver, the Goods of the Hon. 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Cooke 
                        



                      
                  , Esq
, and three Pair of Stockings and one Shirt, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Vanderbank 
                        



, April 22
.


                  William 
                  Bell 
               



            . Wednesday was a Fortnight, we found my Master's Stables bolted on the Inside: We borrowed a Ladder and got in at the Windows, and found the Livery-coat gone, and some part of the Lace ripp'd off the Wastcoat; upon searching we found the Prisoner hid under one of the Stalls, with the Livery-coat on his Back. I asked him for the Shoulder-knot and the Lace, and he said he had put them into a Bag that hung in the Stable Room, and there we found them with a Shirt and 3 Pair of Stockings.


                  William 
                  Pattison 
               



            . I got in at the Hay-lost Window, and found the Prisoner covered with the Litter under one of the Mangers, with the Coat on his Back.


                  Edward 
                  Hickford 
               



            . When the Thief was found they sent for me; I asked him how he came by the Coat, but he would give no Answer. He had the Coat upon his Back, and a Horseman's Coat over that, and told us where we might find the Shoulder-knot and the Lace.
Prisoner. I know nothing of this Charge. They took me before a Justice and robb'd me before him.
Q. How come it you did not indict them? 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


