





31. 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     George , otherwise 
Little Daniel




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two silver Instrument Cases, value 40 s. two silver handle Knives, two silver Scissors, two silver Ear-pickers, and two pair of steel Nippers, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Triquet 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , August 28
.
Stephen Triquet. I keep a Toy-shop
 in the Strand


. I lost two Instrument-Cases with Instruments in them, value 3 l. out of my Shew-glass, August 28.


                  Edw 
                  Langford 
               



            . I and Little Daniel saw the Shew-glass open'd to show some Things to some Gentlemen in the Shop. It was about Noon, and we waited till they were gone, and finding the Glass was not lock'd afterwards, Daniel lifted it up and I took the Things out, and we sold them to Marrian in the Mint, for 18 s.
Mr. Deveil. Mr. Manners having taken Langford on suspicion, brought him before me; but nothing being proved against him, I was going to send him to Bridewell, as an idle loose Boy; upon which he confess'd to me this Fact, and several others, and inform'd against the Prisoner and four other Boys, who, he said, lodg'd together at the Two-Brewers, in Maynard-Street in St. Giles's.
Court. Is not that House suppress'd yet?
Mr. Deveil. He inform'd me that 
               
                  John 
                  Marrian 
               



             in the Mint, was the Man who receiv'd what they stole. Marrian was taken, and his House being search'd, a Parcel of silver and gold Toys were found under a Plank in his Shop, to the value of 14 or 15 l. tho' he had bought them all for 3 l.
Prisoner. I lay but two Nights at the Two-Brewers, and Langford and two more Boy
s lay there at the same time, and when he was taken those Boys run away, and so he charg'd me in order to clear himself. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


