







                     Stephen 
                     Gay 
                  



               
            , of Kensington


, was indicted for 


               breaking the House of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Roberts 
                        



                      
                   , in the Night-time, and feloniously taking thence a Bag, value 1 d. a Gold Ring, a Moidore, 11 Guineas, and 35 s. in Silver, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bonny 
                        



, the 30th of October
 last.


                  William 
                  Roberts 
               



             depos'd, That he having gone with his Ware to Covent-Garden-Market , about Three o'Clock in the Morning, had News brought him about Eight that his House had been broke open; went Home, and found a Pane of Glass had been broken, and though he miss'd nothing of his own out of the House, yet found Bonny's Box (who was his Servant
) broken open, and the Money, &c. gone; and suspecting the Prisoner, who had been employ'd by him as his Servant
, had lain in the House, and knew it very well, he caused him to be apprehended.


                  John 
                  Bonny 
               



             depos'd, His Chest was broke open, and the Money, &c. mentioned in the Indictment was stolen.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Jones 
               



             depos'd, That she being at Mr. Aldar's, where the Prisoner lodg'd, and hearing of the Robbery, and the Prisoner suspected, told Mr. Aldar, his Landlord, she had seen him that Morning go into the Yard to the Vault, and they going to look in the Vault, in the Cieling of it, where there was a Hole broke, found the Bag of Money, Ring, &c.
Mr. Aldar depos'd, That he hearing the Prisoner who lay over his Head walk about the Room, and go down Stairs about Two o'Clock in the Morning, wondered what was the Matter with him, but thinking no harm, went to Sleep again; but hearing of the Robbery, began to be suspicious of the Prisoner, and did with the former Evidence search in the Vault, and found the Money as the former Evidence had depos'd; that there was in the Bag, a Ring, a Moidore, 10 Guineas, 6 Crown Pieces, and a half Crowns.
The Prosecutor swore to the Bag, to the Ring and Money. The Fact being clearly prov'd as to the Prisoner's having stolen the Money, the Jury found him 


               Guilty of the Felony, but acquitted him of the Burglary
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


