







                     Christopher 
                     Cornick 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles's Cripplegate


, was indicted, for that he together with 
               
                  Edward 
                  Welsh 
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  Dickson 
               



            , did 


               feloniously steal a Silver Tankard, value 8 l.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     Kilham 
                  




                
            , the 27th of Oct
. last.


                  Alice 
                  Kilham 
               



             depos'd, That the Tankard was lost from the Golden Hind in Redcross-street


.


                  Jane 
                  Bordwell 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner and two other Men came to her Mistress's House, and call'd for a Tankard of Beer; that she drew it, and deliver'd it into the Hand of the Prisoner, and afterwards going up Stairs with the Child, hearing a Noise below, ran down Stairs, and found the Men and Tankard gone, and her Mistress's Son and others ran after them.


                  Francis 
                  Kilham 
               



             depos'd, That he drew the Prisoner and his Company a second Tankard, and deliver'd it into the Hand of the Prisoner, who took an opportunity of commending the Beer; that he going down in the Cellar to draw a Pot of Drink, in the mean while they ran away with the Tankard, not staying to pay tho Reckoning.


                  Tho 
                  Ansel 
               



             depos'd, That he hearing a cry of stop Thief, and seeing the Prisoner running, pursued him, and another Man striking up his Heels, he apprehended him.
The Tankard was not found upon the Prisoner, the two others of his Companions having ran a contrary way, got clear off with it; but it appearing very plain that the Prisoner and the others were all of a Gang, and ran all away together, and therefore was equally Guilty with the Person who actually had the Tankard, the Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


