











15. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thomas 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver Watch, and a silver Chain, value 3 l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Stevens 
                  



                
            , July 26




.
He was a second Time indicted for 


               stealing a silver Watch, and silver Chain, value 3 l.
             the Goods of James Stevens, July 14




. And 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Shropshire 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Finney 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
He was a third Time indicted for 


               stealing a silver Watch, value 3 l.
             the Goods of James Stevens, July 21




. And Mary Shropshire and Anne Finney for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  Samuel 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am Constable, and took up the 3 Prisoners. 
               
                  John 
                  Thomas 
               



             owned he had robb'd Stevens of 3 Watches, and that the 2 Women had receiv'd them, tho' they knew he had stole them. One Watch was pawn'd at Barrets, which I fetched out; this is the very same.
Stevens. This is my Watch.
Barret. Finney, and another Woman pawned this Watch to me for a Guinea and a half.
Constable. Another Watch was pawned at Haydon's in the Strand. 
               
                  Anne 
                  Finney 
               



             went with me to fetch them out of pawn. John Thomas told them they knew they were stole.


                  Anne 
                  Hawkins 
               



            . Finney came to me, and said she was very poor, and every body would not care to take in what she had got to pledge, so she desired me to go with her to a Pawnbrokers; I carry'd her to Barret's, and on my Account Barret lent her a Guinea and a half: she said it was for a Friend of hers in Trouble.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Scott 
               



            . Finney and Shropshire call'd me down from my 3 Infants, and desired me to pawn a Watch for them; I carry'd them to Haydon's, but they would not take it in; then I went to this young Man's Master, and he lent 12 s. on it: I gave them the Money, and had 6 d. for my Trouble.
Pawnbroker's Boy. July the 21st, this Woman (Scott) brought the Watch to our House, and had 12 s. upon it.
Scott. But they were both at the Door when I went in. This is the very Watch I pawn'd.
Stevens. This I swear to be mine; and these Watches were hung in a Glass-Case in my Shop.
Brown, Constable. Thomas told me when I examin'd him, that he pull'd the Case open one time; another time he saw the Key hang by it, and so he open'd it. I asked him why he did not take Gold Watches; he said he did take one down, but his Heart misgave him; so he put it up again and took a silver one. John Thomas 

               Guilty
            , 


               Death
            . Shropshire and Finney, 



               Transportation
            .
