





20. 
               


            , was indicted for 


               stealing an Earthen Bowl, commonly call'd a China Punch Bowl, value 3 s.
            
May 10
. the Property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Barret 
                  




                
            .


                  Samuel 
                  Barret 
               



            . I keep a Publick House
, the Angel in Half Moon Court in Whitechappel


. Yesterday morning, before I and my Wife were up, there being only a Servant Girl below, I heard a Man come in and call for a Pint of Beer; it being a Stranger's Voice, I whipp'd up my Stockings and Breeches, and stepping to the Stairs-head, I look'd down and saw the Prisoner go to the Bar, take up a China Punch Bowl, and put it under his blue great Coat. My Girl came up with the Beer, and I presently went down. When he had drank his Pint he was going out very orderly; but I stopp'd him at the Door, and told him it was not kindly done of him to carry off my Punch Bowl. What do you mean? says he, I am the King's Officer, I have had an Information that you keep run China in your House; and I have Authority to search and take it where I find it. - Here's my Deputation. I ask'd him if he had a Deputation to go a Thieving, and not finding that he had, I carried him before a Justice, and the Justice committed him to Newgate.
Prisoner. I belong to the King, and to prove it, I have got my Deputation ready to produce. - Here it is. Then the Deputation was read. 'Tis dated Octo. 24, 1728. It impowers the Bearer, having a Constable and a Writ of Assistance, to enter Houses in the Day-time, and seize Goods prohibited, or for which the Custom has not been paid.
Prisoner. I have had several Informations of Tea and China being carry'd to the Prosecutor's House, and had no less than three when I went thither Yesterday to search.
Court. Had you any Constable or Writ of Assistance?
Prisoner. No, I can't say that I had.
Court. Who gave you the Informations?
Prisoner. I must beg your Pardon there, Sir, we that are the King's Officers must never discover Informe rs.


                  Edward 
                  Walter 
               



            . I am the Prisoner's superior Officer, I have known him four Years, and never heard that he had a bad Character.
Court. Is it usual for you Officers to enter Houses and search 'em without a Constable or a Writ of Assistance, or without so much as telling the People your Business?
E. Walter. No.
The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


