







                     Elizabeth 
                     Hickman 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew's Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               breaking the House of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lovet 
                        




                      
                  , the 19th of September
 last, and feloniously taking two Bags, value 2 d. 6 Guineas, and 5 s. in Silver
            , the Property of the said Thomas Lovet.
The Prosecutor depos'd, That in the Morning he found his Door open, which he was sure was Lock'd the Night before, and that his Money was gone, which lay in a Drawer in a little Scrutore; that he found some Person had come in at the Sash-Window in the Yard, the Blind being thrown in the Middle of the Yard, but did not know who had done it, till complaining to Mr. Little, his next Neighbour, he told him, that his Servant, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hickman 
               



            , had come to him the Night before at about 11 o'Clock, and desired him to let her go through his House and Yard to go to her Master's House, she having said out late, and not being willing to disturb the Family; that he did let her in, knowing that she was his Servant
, but not knowing that she was discharg'd from his Service, which she had been but a few Days before; and that the Constable, who apprehended her, gave him the Bag, in which the Silver was; that he having been inform'd that she kept Company with some Hampstead Coachmen, made enquiry after her, and she was apprehended.


                  Thomas 
                  Richards 
               



            , the Constable depos'd, That he apprehended her drinking in an Alehouse at Hampstead, and the Bag in which the Prosecutor's Silver was lying under the Bench, just by where the Prisoner sat; that enquiring of the Landlord, he told him, she had just paid the Reckoning, and had given him a Guinea to change; that sh e did afterwards confess, that the Guinea was her Master's, and that she had taken the Money, and that she went the Night after she had committed the Fact with some Coachmen to a Night-Cellar in St. Giles's, and did spend 3 l. in Punch.
Mr. Little depos'd, That the Prisoner knock'd at his Door between 10 and 11 o'Clock, and said, she liv'd at the next Door, desiring him to let her go through, which he did, not knowing that she was gone away from the Prosecutor's Service; that he saw her in his Yard, and some of the Pales that parted his Yard from the Prosecutor's being broken down, she went (as is suppos'd) to the Prosecutor's House.


                  Thomas 
                  Atkins 
               



             depos'd, That when the Prisoner was apprehended the next Morning, she had but 22 s. of the Money left; and being examined what was become of the Remainder of the Money, she said, she had spent 3 l. in Punch over-against St. Giles's Church, and that she had given the Man of the House a Guinea to conceal her in his House that Night, he knowing she had stole the Money from her Master. The Fact being plainly proved, the Jury found her 


               Guilty of the Felony, but acquitted her of the Burglary
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


