






180. 181. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Keeble 
                  



                
             was a third time indicted with 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Crockat 
                  



                
            , for 


               stealing seven Yards of strip'd Linnen, val. 7 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Timothy 
                           Carter 
                        




                      
                   in his Shop
            , Jan. 27
.
Mr. Carter. Last Saturday was three Weeks, (I think it was) about Seven o'Clock in the Evening, my Shop Door was shut, and the Sashes in the Shop Window were shut down, and I was in the Shop myself; but yet somebody in the Street lifted up the Sash, and I saw a Hand take out seven Yards of strip'd Linen. I cry'd out Thieves, and ran to the Door and open'd it, but the Thief was got off with my Goods, and I have never seen them since, nor heard of them, 'till Huddle made his Information before Justice Farmer, and then I was sent for, and Huddle said the two Prisoners were concern'd with him in robbing me.
Huddle. On the 27th of last Month, as the two Prisoners and I were coming down New Gravel Lane


, we stopp'd at this Man's Shop-window. I lifted up the Sash, and we took a Roll of Check, which we carry'd to Mrs. Turner, and she sold it for us, and brought us for it, between nine and ten Shillings, to the best of my Knowledge. I think Mrs. Turner paid the Money to Crockat, and we shar'd it between us.
Keeble. Whereabout did I stand when you took the Linnen?
Huddle. Keeble was at the Steps at the Shop-door, and Crockat was at a Post before the Door, about three or four Yards from the Steps.
Keeble. Where was the Money parted?
Huddle. At Mrs. Turner's House; we turn'd our Backs upon the rest of the Company, and divided the Money.


                  Ann 
                  Turner 
               



            . The two Prisoners at the Bar, and the Evidence, brought me seven Yards of check'd Linnen, and I sold it for 8 s. and gave the Money to Crockat; he was the Man that generally took the Money for all. They brought me some Gloves to sell for them before they brought this Linnen. I think the Linnen was brought in January, on a Saturday Night.


                  John 
                  Smith 
               



             and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Higgens 
               



             had known Crockat a great many Years, and believ'd he had the Character of an honest Man.


                  John 
                  Riles 
               



             had known Crockat sixteen or seventeen Years, and swore he had been trusted wich a great many Hundred thousand Pounds. Both 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


