






45, 46. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hurlock 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Neale 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 16 pair of Leather Shoes, value 25 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Adam 
                           Price 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , March 21
.


                  Adam 
                  Price 
               



            . The Prisoner Neal is my Journey Man
, and Hurlock is my Apprentice
; they collogu'd together to rob me. Neal confess'd he had wronged me before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brocas 
               



            ; and upon my asking him how he got my Apprentice's consent, he told me he began with him, by persuading him to let him have a pair of Shoes, and he would bring the Money for them in two or three Days, and then he might tell me, they were just sold.


                  William 
                  Webster 
               



            . I have bought Shoes of Neal several Times; the first I bought of him, he told me he had won at Gaming; the next I bought of him he said he made himself at odd Times, when his Master had no work for him. I believe I bought 11 Pair of him in all.
C. I hope you gave a Market Price for them.
Webster. I gave as much as I could afford.


                  Samuel 
                  Harrison 
               



            . When I took Neal and charged him with an Officer, he own'd in my hearing, that he had robb'd his Master of 14 or 15 Pair of Shoes.
Prisoner Neal When I was first taken they got a Confession out of me, by promising to excuse me. I did carry the Shoes to Webster and he bought them.
Hurlock. I know nothing of his having the Shoes.
Hurlock 

               Acquitted
            . Neal 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


