







16. 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Gaffney 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Silver Watch, value 5 l. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Manning 
                        



, August 14


.
Mr. Manning. As I was going into Long-Acre




 between eleven and twelve in the Morning on the fourteenth of August, which was the Day the Fire happened there; I found a great Croud of People, and before I came to the Vine Tavern I was hussel'd about and beset by several Persons. My right Arm was held up so that I could not get it down. The Prisoner was close behind me with his left Hand on my Shoulder pushing me along. I felt my Watch pulled out of my Fobb, for my Breeches were prodigious tight. At the same time I saw the Prisoner's right Hand in between the Skirts of my Coat, but before I could get my Arm down he had got his Hand out and turned it behind him. In that posture I seized his Hand, G - D - ye, says I, You have got my Watch. I your Watch? says he, You are a Scoundrel, I have none of your Watch. Then says I, You have handed it to some of your Companions. Sir, says he, I am a Man of as good a Character as your self - but do not raise a Mob, and I will go with ye to the Tavern. So we went into the Tavern Kitchen, and there he readily pulled off his Coat, and I searched him, but to no purpose, upon which, he began to taunt, and threatned to make me suffer for scandalizing him.
Prisoner. By the vertue of your Oath, Did you see me hand the Watch, or so much as speak to any body?
Prosecutor. No.
Prisoner. Or was any body near me?
Prosecutor. Near ye, Yes, prodigiously crouded - I had my Watch just as I turned the Corner of Long Acre, and my Coat was then open, but seeing the Croud, I buttoned my Coat on purpose; notwithstanding which, my Watch was lost before I came to the Vine.


                  John 
                  May 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner with one Hand on the Prosecutor's Shoulder, and the other Hand under the Flap of his Coat. I heard the Prosecutor say, D - ye, I have lost my Watch; upon which I said, That Man (the Prisoner ) has got it.
Prisoner. Why did not you seize me then?
J. May. So I did.


                  Samuel 
                  Holditch 
               



            . I was sitting on a Chest of Drawers that was brought out from the Fire. The Prisoner with his left Hand on the Prosecutor's Shoulder pushed him up to me; D - ye, says I, Do not squeeze my Legs ye B - ; presently I saw the Prisoner's Hand under the Prosecutor's Coat while two or three Men were pushing behind. I whipt off to seize the Prisoner but could not get at him for the Croud.
Prisoner. I was going with Capt. Brown (who is now at Sea) to go to the Kentish Town Races when the Prosecutor seized me in the Croud - I have some Witnesses to my Character.


                  John 
                  Huff 
               



            , Apothecary in New Bond-street. The Prisoner lived as Journey-man
 to me about two Months, nine Months ago he was recommended to me for an honest Man, and behaved pretty well - He told me that he served his time to his Uncle who was a Surgeon in the Army - Indeed since he has been gone from me I have heard but an indifferent Character of him, his Name having been in the publick Papers.
Prisoner. After I left Mr. Huff I went into Scotland.
Mr. Eustace. I knew him several Years ago - His Family were very credible People in Dublin - But for the nine Months last past I can say nothing.


                  John 
                  Williams 
               



             I live at an Alehouse in Neal's Yard by the Seven Dials, the Prisoner used our House for about three Months, and I never saw any hurt by him.
Court. May be so - And did not Maccray come with him sometimes?
J. Williams. No; The Prisoner always came alone, I never saw Maccray.
Court. Have you no body to give an account of your Behaviour for the last nine Months? Where is your Landlord Mabson, who kept the Brandy-shop in Cow-lane, where you lodged on the fourth of June last, when you were such a notable Surgeon for Maccray? *
* Maccray was convicted at last Kingston Assizes for robbing Mr. Hammerton on the fourth of June. Gaffney was one of Maccray's Witnesses, and swore that Maccray was very ill, and that he attended him, and gave him a Vomit at the time the Robbery was committed.
Prisoner. He is not in Town.
The Jury 

               acquitted
             him.
He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing two Silver Tankards value twenty eight Pound, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Phillip 
                           Shirley 
                        



                      
                  , in his House
            , June 29


. And
17. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Barthelemi 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same knowing them to have been stolen
            , July 5


.
The Witnesses were examined apart.
Mr. Shirley. I keep the Hoop Tavern against Beaufort Buildings in the Strand






. On Sunday the twenty ninth of June at about a Quarter before ten at Night, my House being very full of Company, two young Gentlemen came up my Passage and went into a Ground Room in the Yard, and rung the Bell. I went my self with a Candle. One of them turned his Face aside under presence of wiping it, and then laid his Head down on the Table, which gave me some Suspicion. The other called for half a Pint of Red, which being carried in they bid the Drawer send for a Coach - Do they take this for a Coffee-house, says I, Do they think it is worth my while to keep Servants to run on their Errands - Let them walk - In two Minutes my Drawer 
               
                  Giles 
                  Wilton 
               



             came with a Pint of Lisbon for a Cool Tankard I bid him take care of the Tankard for I did not like my Customers. He said he'd warrant the Tankard should be safe and so he carried it in. They afterwards ordered twelve Pennyworth of Beef Steaks, some of which were set by the Fire to keep warm for another Person, whom as they pretended they waited for. They bid 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Fisher 
               



             another of my Servants bring them a Tankard of Oat Ale, and thereupon he carried in another Tankard. They sent my Porter on three Errands, and while he was gone the last time they made off with both the Tankards - A little before this, I saw one of them looking out - The large Tankard weighed sixty nine Ounces twelve Penny-weight, the other cost me Ten Pound.
Gaffney. By the vertue of your. Oath am I one of the Men?
Mr. Shirley. I cannot swear to either of them.


                  John 
                  Ratcliff 
               



            . On Sunday Night the twenty ninth or thirtieth of June, between nine and ten o'Clock the Prisoner and I went to the Hoop Tavern. The Room we went into was a Ground Floor on the Right-hand going up the Court. He called for half a Pint of Wine as soon as we came in, and afterwards for a Pint with Lemon and Sugar for a Cool Tankard, which were brought with a large Silver Tankard. He spoke for something to eat, and some Steaks being brought, he ordered a Tankard of Oat Ale, and that was brought too. He sent the Porter to some House in Cheapside to enquire for some Man, but I do not know what name - When the Porter returned, he sent him again to the Bull Head at Temple Bar, and when he came back from thence he bid him go to 
               
                  Tom 
                  King 
               



            's, and while he was gone the Prisoner went out to see if the way was clear, and finding it was, he took one Tankard and I the other and so we both went away. The Room we were in, is before we come to the Bar. Three Weeks ago I made my Information before Justice Deveil.
Gaffney. This Man was catched in a Capital Offence - He was taken up for a stolen Mare, and he swears this to save his own Life.
Mr. Deveil. Ratcliff was indeed taken on suspicion of stealing a Mare -
Court. How did you dispose of the Tankards?
Ratcliff. Next Day about three in the Afternoon I sent 
               
                  Frances 
                  Charnock 
               



             with the least Tankard to the Prisoner Barthelemi a Goldsmith
 at Charing-cross




. She staid till the Evening, and when she returned she said she had sold it to him for six Pound.
Court. How came you to send her thither?
Ratcliff. Because I knew Persons who had sold him Goods which he bought without asking Questions. I went my self once with 
               
                  John 
                  Delany 
               



            , and carried a Tankard we had stolen from the Boar's Head. The other Tankard was melted down in three or four Lumps in Gaffney's Room while he was present, and three or four Days afterwards I carried it my self to Barthelemi; he weighed it, and gave me nine Guineas, but I said it came to nineteen Shillings more. He reckoned it at four Shillings and nine Pence or four Shillings and ten Pence an Ounce, I cannot say which.
Court. Did he ask ye no Questions?
Ratcliff. He asked me if I dealt in the Country, and I answered, Yes, I deal in small Wares. I sent Charnock next Day for the nineteen Shillings, and he gave it her.
Barthelemi. I bought the first Tankard for the full worth - As to what he brought I do not know what it had been, for it was melted down, and it weighed but forty three Ounces: And he being well drest, and telling me that he dealt in the Country, I had no suspicion of him.
Mr. Deveil. When I had examined Ratcliff and Charnock. I sent a Warrant for the Prisoner Barthelemi. When he came I read Ratcliff's whole Information to him, and he absolutely denied that he knew any thing of the matter; but when I brought out Ratcliff and Charnock to confront him, he owned that he bought the Tankards, and said he gave ten Pound seven Shillings for one of them.
Mr. Shirly. As one of the Tankards was whole, I desired him to return it, but he told me it was gone to the Refiners - And when Justice Deveil prest him to produce it, he said he had sold it. It was marked IER for I bought that and other Plate of the Widow Emery, who kept the Cardigan's Head. He had frequented that House, and had often seen the Tankard there, and afterwards knew that I bought it: Besides, I advertised it, with a Description of the Mark and the Weight which was set at the bottom, and one of these Advertisements was left at his House (as will be proved by the Man who left it) but a few Hours before he bought it.


                  Frances 
                  Charnock 
               



            . Gaffney, and Ratcliff and I, all lodged in the same House. They came home together on Sunday Night, the twenty ninth or thirtieth of June, and brought two Silver Tankards which they said me they had got from the Hoop Tavern. Next Day about three in the Afternoon, I went to Barthelemi's House with the small Tankard. He was not at home, but his Wife desired me to stay, which I did. And soon after he came in, he lighted Candles, and shut up the Shop. He asked me no Questions how I came by it, but I told him without asking, that I came from Mr. Ratcliff. Then he weighed the Tankard in a Room behind the Shop, and cast it up on a Piece of Paper, and told me how many Ounces it weighed, and how much it was an Ounce, but I have forgot both, only I remember he said it came to six Pound three Shillings, or wanting three Shillings, I do not know which. Then he asked me where I lived, I told him in Holborn - I then lived in Gray's Inn-lane - He said he was going that way to meet some Company, and he would see me so far homeward. So he went with me to the upper end of St. Martin's Lane in Long Acre, and would have gone farther but I refused, and so we parted, and I carried the Money to Ratcliff, who gave half of it to Gaffney.
Barthelemi. Did not I ask you how you came by it?
Charnock. No, not a Word.
Barthelemi. Did not you pass for the Wife of one Johnson, and bring a Note?
Charnock. No.
Barthelemi. You did, and you said your Husband had had a Suit of Law in the Country, and on that account you was forced to sell the Tankard - What Letters was it marked with?
Charnock. I do not know.
Barthelemi. It was not on Monday that you brought it, but on Thursday.
Court. Produce your Books and contradict her if you can, by shewing a regular Entry.
Barthelemi. I keep no Books - I cannot write -
[As this was hardly spoke loud enough for the Court to hear him distinctly, he dropt this Pretence and said] - I set it down so in my Book, and that I gave her six Pound nineteen Shillings.
Mr. Deveil. After I had brought him to own that he bought the Tankards, he took me aside into another Room, and told me this matter might prove very troublesome to him, but it was in my power to make it more agreeable, and if I would go to his Shop he would make it easy to me, or Words to that effect: When I came back with him into the other Room, I asked him before twenty or thirty People, if he was not ashamed to offer to bribe me? He answered, that what he intended to give me - was only his Prayers.
Mr. Shirley. He sent for me into the same Room, and offered me twenty, twenty five, and then thirty Guineas if I would be easy - Will your Lordship please to ask Charnock about her selling him a Silver Pint Mug that was stolen from the Crown Tavern by GuildHall.
Court. No, I cannot enquire into particular Facts for which he is not indicted.
Barthelemi. I gave her five Shillings an Ounce for a Silver Mug.
Court. Why will you needs take this upon your self?


                  John 
                  Holton 
               



             I am a Messenger to the Goldsmith's Company. On Monday, June 30. between three and four in the Afternoon, I left a Printed Advertisement of the same Tenour as this in my Hand at Barthelemi's Shop, and I think I gave it to his Wife. It contains a Description of the two Tankards, the Marks, Weight, and Size.
Then he read the Advertisement in Court.
Gaffney to Charnock. Did not you live with Ratcliff as his Wife, and go by his Name?
Charnock. Yes, I did.
Gaffney. How many were concerned in stealing the Tankards?
Mr. Shirley. Two.
Gaffney. The unfortunate Dr. Dunn was tried here last Sessions for stealing these Tankards; and did not you and your Servants swear positively that he was one of the two Men?
Shirley. I never did, nor do I swear to you.
Gaffney. It would be but Justice to bring your Servants here, to see if any of them know me.
Shirley. I did send two of them to the Gate-house, and they said they did not know the Prisoner.
Gaffney. Very Good!
Barthelemi. I have Witness to prove that I gave to the Value of the Plate.
Mr. Mansfield, Goldsmith. The usual Price of Old Sterling Tankards when melted. is five Shillings, or five Shillings one Penny an Ounce, for there is a vast deal of Sodder in it.
Mr. Shirley. The Tankards were both New Sterling.
Mr. Mansfield. Then they were worth three Pence an Ounce more.


                  Lewis 
                  Laroch 
               



            , Silversmith. I offered to sell Mr. Barthelemi a Tankard at a Crown an Ounce, but it was Old Sterling.
Mr. Pattison, a Turner. I live opposite to Barthelemi; he works hard in his Shop from Morning to Night - I have seen him buy Goods publickly, and never thought that he would buy any thing in a private clandestine way; for I took him to be as honest a Man as lived.
Court. Have you never heard of his absconding on some account?
Pattison. I have heard that an Action at Common Law was brought against him for a Watch; and that thereupon he went abroad because he had not Money to pay for the Watch and Charges.
Barthelemi I stopt a Maid for offering to sell me a Tea-pot, till she sent for her Mistress.
German Bonette. I was not present when the Maid came by her self, but I saw the Maid and her Mistress together in his Shop; and he told me that he had obliged the Maid to send for her Mistress.
Several others deposed that they believed him to be a fair Dealer, and that he would not knowingly buy Plate that he suspected to be stolen.
The Jury found them both 

               Guilty
            . Gaffney received Sentence of 


               Death
            , and Barthelemi to be 


               transported for fourteen Years
            .
