











35, 36 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Baily 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 75 lbs. of Lead value 12 s.
             the Goods of 
               


             in York-Buildings





, Jan. 12



.
They were a second Time indicted for 


               stealing 75 lbs. of Brass value 4 l.
             the Goods of the same Company, &c. Jan. 31



.
They were a third Time indicted for 


               stealing 50 lbs. of Lead value 9 s.
             the Goods of the same Company, &c. Jan 19



.
And Thomas Smith, was a Fourth Time indicted for 


               stealing one half Hundred weight of Lead
            , the Goods of the same Company, Jan. 20



.


                  Charles 
                  Mullalan 
               



            . In January last the Prisoners and I got into the Water house: Thomas Smith made the Picklock Keys in his Cellar with which Baily open'd the Door; we took about 1/2 hundred of Lead, and Tom Smith sold it at the End of Lombard-court near the seven Dials at 9 s. 4 d. per hundred, and we all shared the Money. About 7 or 8 Days afterwards, we enter'd again and got as much again, as we did the first Time; and this we sold in Dyott-street for 11 s. per hundred. We shar'd the Money at the Cock Alehouse, and drank two pots of Beer. And the latter end of January, we went again and got the Spindle of a Brass-Cock, and sold it to one Green. Tom Smith told us, we might rob there these seven Years and not be found out.
Smith. My Lord, consider he is an Irishman.
Mullalan. So are you my dear. Smith. My Lord he will swear a Cow's a Horse.

- Hutchins. I am concerd'd for the York-Buildings Company: This Evidence was employ'd in the Company's Service about six or seven Weeks; but missing several Things while he was with us, he was discharged. Some little Time after this, I heard he had committed a Robbery with some others, so he was taken up, and he made himself an Evidence.


                  Edward 
                  Smith 
               



            , and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Orme 
               



            , did not know the two Prisoners, but swore to the loss of the Goods.
Prisoner Smith. I know no more of the Matter than the Man in the Moon, you sorry Fellow you know it to be true.
Mullalan. Tho. Smith asked me where I work'd: I told him; and the next Sunday Evening, he came down to the Place; says he, my dear, here are several Things which will do me a kindness, if you are shy to take them, I will send 
               
                  Tom
                   Fitz-Patrick
               



             for them.
Prisoner Smith. O you Villain! did you ever hear any ill of me before? Pray my Lord don't believe him.


                  Edward 
                  Fleming 
               



            . I keep a publick House, Baily us'd to come drunk to our House, and when he was troublesome, we used to put him into a back Room, where there was a Chest of Drawers, with Money and other Things, and we never lost any Thing by him.


                  Edmund 
                  Robins 
               



            . I saw Mullalan about two Months ago, breaking open the Prisoner Smith's Cellar, but he was not taken up for it.
Mullalan. I had a Key to Tom Smith's Cellar.
Prisoner Smith. Why did you break open the Door then, you Thieving Dog?


                  Edmund 
                  Robins 
               



            . I asked him why he did it, and he said he had left the Key of his Lodging in the Cellar, and would not lye in the Street for any Body.


                  John 
                  Flower 
               



            . Mullalan goes by the Name of Cock-ey'd Charly, there had been a Warrant serv'd upon him, and he told me, it was by Smith's means; and that it had cost him 15 or 16 s. that Smith was a Rogue, and he would be up with him.


                  John 
                  Carter 
               



            . Smith liv'd in my House about two Years and a half ago, and I never heard any ill of him. The Jury 

               acquitted
             them.




[Transportation. See summary.]


