










294, 295. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bull 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Adam 
                     Stanton 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               Assaulting 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Parry 
                        



                      
                   in the King's Highway, putting him in Fear, and taking from him three Shillings and a Penny Half-penny in Money
            , March 18



.
The Witnesses were examined a-part.


                  David 
                  Parry 
               



            . About Nine o'Clock at Night, on the 19th of March, as I was coming over Tower-Hill





, I was stripp'd of my Money, but who took it, I can't tell. I can give no Manner of Account of my being attacked, or having a Squabble, but I did not carry home one Farthing of Money. I had been at Lambeth, and carried Money out with me, and the last Publick House I was at, was on London Bridge. And I remember I parted with a Friend at the Monument, and that somebody took my Money from me on Tower Hill, but who they were that did it, I can't tell, nor what passed between us; but I lost 3 s. and some Half-Pence upon Tower-Hill. I'm sure it was there.


                  Achilles 
                  Dent 
               



            . The two Prisoners and I, made an Agreement to go a-thieving on the 18th of March last -
Prisoner. And the former Witness swore to the 19th.
Parry. It was the 18th of March, - I am sure 'twas on a Sunday Night I was robbed.
Dent. They and I went out a Thieving; we went out first upon the Water, and got into two Sloops, but we could make no Hand of it, and being pursued, we came ashore, and as we were going over Tower-Hill, Bull said, the first Man we met, he would have his Money or his Life. And happening to meet Mr. Parry, we held him, while Bull searched his Pockets. He pulled out a Penknife with a Buckshorn Handle, and threatn'd to rip out his Guts if he did not deliver his Money. We took three Shillings and one Penny Half-penny from him, and divided one Shilling and a Half penny a piece. I never saw the Prosecutor before that Night, to my Knowledge, but I heard his Name, for while Bull was rifling his Pockets, he said, don't hurt poor Mr. Parry, for he is a Man that hurts nobody. When the Prisoners were carry'd before the Justice, and Mr. Parry was sent for, Bull, as soon as he saw him, said to a Gentleman that stood by him, - here comes the Jamming Cull, (meaning the Man that was to hang him.)
Prisoners. How come you to find out Mr. Parry so soon?
Dent. After we had robbed him, we followed him down Rosemary Lane, and I took Notice where he went in.


                  Thomas 
                  Sullivan 
               



            . I was at the apprehending the two Prisoners, and Bull told me, if he had thought he should have seen my ugly Face, he would have been many Miles off. When they were before the Justice, Black Sam [Stanton] desired me to speak to the Justice, that he might be admitted an Evidence, for says he, this Evidence (Dent) can speak to nothing but this Robbery, and I can speak to four or five more, he (Dent) has not been long enough with us to tell of any more than this one.
Bull. If Col. Williamson was here he would secure Sullivan, for sending Men to France.


                  John 
                  Miller 
               



            . I am a Servant to the Keeper of New Prison. The two Prisoners and Dent were brought to us at Twelve o'Clock at Night, and the next Morning were carry'd before Mr. Justice Farmer; the two Prisoners were hand-cuff'd, and the Evidence had an Iron on: When they were before Mr. Farmer, Dent told us where Mr. Parry liv'd, and a Porter was sent for him, but he return'd, and could not find the House; upon which Mr. Farmer order'd me to go with Dent, and see if we could find it; so we went out together, and he carry'd me to it, and told me at that Time, that the Man's Name was Parry; I enquired at the House for Mr. Parry, and his Wife told me he belong'd to the Custom-house, and was not at Home, but he should come between Two and Three o'Clock; and he accordingly came, and gave an Account of this Robbery. As to the Knife which the Evidence mentions, I search'd Bull, and took it out of his Pocket the Morning he was hand-cuff'd: I heard the Evidence mention before the Justice, that while they were rifling the Man, he said, Don't hurt poor Mr. Parry, &c. When we had been before the Justice, Bull snatch'd up a Pint Pot, and gave the Evidence such a Knock with it, that I thought he had beat his Brains out.
Bull. And I had Reason enough, when he was about to swear my Life away.
Miller. This is the tenth or twelfth time that Bull has been tried for his Life.
Jury. How came this Evidence to be taken up?
Dent. I was taken up on one Emanual Hubbard's Information; and was in Custody, but he could not find a Prosecutor.
Bull. When the Thief-Takers caught us, they said, There was 280 l. dead Money for them. I was born in Colchester, and have no Friends, but I am not to be cast for that.
Stanton. I have no Friends; I was born in Antigua.
Both 


               Guilty of Felony * only.
            

* N. B. Robbery is a felonious and violent taking away from the Person of another, Goods to any Value, putting him in Fear: Now the Jury were of Opinion, there was not sufficient Evidence of the Violence, (in which Case the Law would presume putting in Fear) and that it was no more than a private taking from the Person.


                  Adam 
                  Stanton 
               



             was a 2d Time indicted for 


               stealing 50 Yards of Scotch Plaid, val. 4 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Hall 
                     



                   , in his Shop
            , Feb. 25



. And,
296. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Davis 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to be stole
            .
Stanton, 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
             Davis, 

               Guilty
            .


                  William 
                  Bull 
               



             was a 2d Time, and 
               
                  Adam 
                  Stanton 
               



             a 3d Time, indicted for 


               stealing a Huckaback Table-cloth, val. 7 s. two white quilted Petticoats, val. 10 s. two Huckaback Napkins, val. 2 s. and other Things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Bate 
                  



                
            , Mar. 5



. Both 

               Acquitted
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


