





64. 
               
                  
                     Catherine
                      Pember, otherwise 
Buck




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver Watch and Chain, value 5 l. 5 s. two Shirts, three Stocks, and a Handkerchief
            , the Goods of 
               
                  George-Gallimore
               



            , Oct. 20
.


                  George 
                  Gallimore 
               



            . Coming from beyond Temple-Bar, at Night, I enquir'd my Way to White-Friars-Stairs, a Man who had two Women with him, told me, I was past the Stairs, and must turn down such an Alley. I went as he directed, and he and the Women follow'd, and ask'd me to drink a Dram. I told them, I had no dram Money. He said I was welcome whether I had or no, for it should cost me nothing. He went into a House, he call'd for two Quaterns, paid a Shilling, and left us. The Prisoner then came up to me, and said, What do you call for? I told her I had no Money to spend. Sure, says she, you won't trouble the House for nothing? With much Importunity I gave her 6 d. she laid her Hand on my Thigh, and pull'd my Watch out.
Prisoner. Did not you charge the other Woman for this?
Gallimore. The other Woman held me while the Prisoner got off, and therefore I charged the other Woman. I was beat and abus'd there, 'till my Face run down with Blood, and at the same time I lost my other Goods, which were in a Bundle. The Constable came, and I and the other Woman (Ann Castle) were sent to Woodstreet-Compter. The Prisoner came to me there in another Dress, and desir'd me to be easy ; I told her, perhaps I might, if I had my Goods again ; and in a little time they were all sent to me.
Prisoner. He told me, in Woodstreet-Compter, he did not know the Woman that robb'd him.
Gallimore. Here's the Porter that brought me my Goods again.


                  Robert 
                  Murry 
               



            , Porter. A Man call'd to me, as I came out of my Master's House, in Milk Street, and, says he, Go over to Mr. Gallimore, at the Bull-Head, and give him this Parcel. And who must pay me? says I. Why, says he, the Gentleman will. I found Mr. Gallimore and the Constable there, and the Constable said, I'll be hang'd if here are not the Things; they open'd the Bundle, and there was a Watch and some Linen in it. I went from thence and saw the Man who sent me, going into the Compter - It seems, he's one of the Runners there - I ask'd him for my Money, but he deny'd that he sent me, and he is run away since.


                  Mr. 
                  Cathery 
               



            , Constable. The Prisoner came to me next Morning (after the Prosecutor lost his Goods) and ask'd me, what she had best to do? I told her, the best way would be to send the Man his Goods again; and in half an Hour they were sent accordingly.
Prisoner. I never saw the Prosecutor, till I saw him pulling the other Woman about in Hanging-Sword-Alley.



                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . 
               
                  Anne 
                  Castle 
               



            , and 
               
                  George 
                  Gallimore 
               



            , were brought Prisoners to me in Wood-Street-Compter, and next Morning I saw the Prisoner in a green Gown and flower'd Robings, talking with Gallimore, and he did not charge her.


                  Richard 
                  Bromhall 
               



            . I receiv'd Castle and Gallimore into the Compter. The Prisoner's Husband is confin'd in our House, and the Prisoner coming to see him, ell into Company with Gallimore, and tho' she talk'd with he did not know her, but said, he was certain Castle was the Woman that robb'd him.


                  William 
                  Welch 
               



            . I was in the Compter-lodge that Night, and some Body said to the Prosecutor, Do you know the Woman that robb'd you ? I charge no Body here, says he, and I would not see the Woman that robb'd me, for never so much ; tho', at the same time, she was in his Company, and drinking with him - He afterwards went into her Husband's Room; her Husband ask'd him, if he knew the Woman? and he answer'd, Yes, I am sure I know her; and then she stood with him while he spoke, and she was in the common Dress that she comes in every Day to the Compter to see her Husband - He and she were together all the Morning; he said, he had met a naughty Woman that carry'd him to a Brandy-house, where one held him, while another Woman pick'd his Pocket, and that he should know her from a hundred. What sort of a Woman was she? says the Prisoner. Why, says he, she was lustier than you, and pitted with the Small-pox, and was in a black Gown.


                  Sarah 
                  Davis 
               



            . The Prosecutor met me, and said, How do you do, 
               
                  Kate 
                  Buck 
               



            ? I told him, I was not Kate Buck. If you are not, says he, I wish you would show me where she is, and I'll give you half a Crown; and so Kate Buck came out and I shew'd her to him - This was the Night before the Prince came - and a Fortnight after the Robbery.
Court. Is her Name Buck?
Prisoner. That was my Maiden-Name.
Another. The Prisoner and Prosecutor were drinking together in the Compter, and he said to her, I wish I could see Kate Buck, but I would not have her to see me. It's my Belief, says she, you don't know her. Not know her? says he. Yes, I know her from five hundred.
Court. He might be afraid to own he knew her when he was in the Compter among so many of her Acquaintance.
Prisoner. He did not challenge me 'till a Fortnight after the other Woman was committed upon his Charge, as she can prove.
Court. Shall that Woman be call'd ? She must answer your Questions if you desire it - But then she must answer mine too.
Prisoner. I don't want to call her.
The Jury found the Prisoner 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


