







53, 54. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Hog 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hughes 
                  



                
            , of St. Butolph Aldgate



, were indicted for 


               stealing a black Crape Gown, value 30 s a black Silk Hood, value 12 d. a Pair of Gloves, 18 d. two Cambrick Handkerchiefs, and several other Things, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ellenor 
                           Kingston 
                        



                      
                  . A brown Camblet Gown, a Cotton Gown, a Muslin Handkerchief, and a Linnen Shirt, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Thompson 
                        



                      
                  : Three Linnen Shirts, and two Holland Shirts, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Dennis 
                        



                      
                  ; a Holland Shirt and a cambrick Stock, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Ambrose 
                        



                      
                  , in the House of Ellenor Kingston
            .
Ellenor Kingston. I let a Room to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hughes 
               



            , over my Kitchen; my House is in Gravel-Lane, by Devorshire-Square


; and she was but five Days and Nights in my House, before they took the Opportunity of my going out to Wash, and broke up a Board or two in the Floor, so got through the Hole into my Room. The Prisoner Hog, dropp'd thro' the Ceiling, for Hughes was with Child, and she could not get thro' because of her big Belly. I lost all that I had in the World, and enquiring after the Prisoners, they were taken, and they own'd where they had pawn'd them before the Justice in Old-Street, I don't know his Name. Hog said, that Hughes was the Cause of breaking into my Room, and because Hughes could not get thro' the Hole in the Cieling, Hog dropp'd thro', and then open'd the Door to let her in. They own'd all the Goods mention'd in the Indictment, and the Cotton Gown of Ann Thompson's, one of them dress'd her self in it to be fine at Horn-Fair. They own'd every thing but the Cambrick Stock.


                  Catherine 
                  Wilson 
               



            . Hog own'd to me, that she broke through the Cieling, and told where the Things were pawn'd; so Mrs. Kingston and I went and fetched them out.
Hog. I tell you! - I am quite innocent of the Matter. Both 


               guilty, 39 s.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


