





33. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bottom , alias 
Edgington




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing nine Iron Pins
            , the Goods of 
               
                  Joseph, 
                     
                        Benjamin and 
                           

                                    Francis 
                                    Trueman 
                                 















            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Den 
                  



                
            , Jan. 21
.


                  William 
                  Short 
               



            . I am Servant to Mess. Trueman. On the 21st of Jan. I miss'd 3 Iron Pins and Chains belonging to the Drays, we have lost 16 within these 3 Weeks.
William Hill, Watchman. Between 3 and 4 on Sunday Morning, as I was beating the Hour in Booth-street, (facing Princes-street) in Spittle-Fields, I heard a sort of a clinking, and looking about (for it was Moon-light) I saw a Man stooping down, and seemingly very busy about something, but as I made towards him he brushed off; this must be some Rogue, thought I to myself, and if I should run after him, 'tis ten to one if I catch him. So I made as if I had not seen him, and knock'd the Hour as if I was going my Rounds, and then hid my Lanthorn under my Coat, and stood out of Sight. Presently my Gentleman came back, and out I pops upon him, and now says I, Tho' you're the Devil I'll see who you be. Why so you may, Mr. Hill, says he, (for be gave me the Title of a Gentleman) What, is it you, Tom? says I, if I did not know you I wou'd carry you before the Officer of the Night. But what made you shun me ? Why, says he, I had a mind to play the Pool with that Woman; for there was a Man and a Woman standing together in the Street hard by. Now I always take it for a Rule, that wherever there's a Woman, there's Mischief.
Court. Did you find any Goods upon him?
Hill. Yes, I found 3 Dray-pins with the Chains, in his Apron.
Court. Are you sure the Prisoner is the same Man?
Hill. The Prisoner? No, I know nothing of the Prisoner.
Court. Why, of whom have you been telling this long Story?
Hill. Of one 
               
                  Tom 
                  Robinson 
               



            , that I have known from a Boy; here he stands.


                  Thomas 
                  Robinson 
               



            . On the 14th of Jan. I met the Prisoner, and says he, Tom, if you'll go with me I can take off some Pins? So we went to Trueman's Brew-house, and he ring'd [wrung] off 4, and we sold them to a Smith in Gravel-Lane for a Penny a Pound, and on the 26th of January we took 3 more.
Court. Are you sure it was the 26th?
Robinson. I think so, but I know it was late on Saturday Night, and the Watchman stopt me with them between 2 and 3 on Sunday Morning, and the Prisoner then stood behind me, and there was another Man and Woman in the Street.
Hill. I saw none but Robinson and that Man and Woman.
Court. What Trade are you, Robinson?
R. A Weaver, but I have work'd 12 Years with Mr. Coker at the Turnpike.
Court. And what Business does the Prisoner follow?
R. He drives Beasts and does labouring Work; he lives in Nagshead-Alley in Winfred-street, Spittle-Fields. I have been acquainted with him but 3 Weeks.
Court. Was it a dark or light Night when you was taken?
R. I don't remember.

Prisoner. He swears I was out with him till 3 in the Morning, which I never was in my Life, for whenever we went out to wring Pins, we always got 'em and sold 'em long before that time. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


