





5. 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Peck 
                  



               
             , of St. Mary Colechurch


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing eight Volumes of the Abridgement of the Statutes, value 30 s. Langley's Young Builder's Rudiments, value 5 s. and Kersey's Dictionary, value 2 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Noon 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , the 27th of December
 last.


                  John 
                  Noon 
               



            . The Books lay on my Counter, and between 5 and 6 in the Evening as my Spouse was in the back Part of the Shop, she saw a Man go out, upon which she called me, and I miss'd the Books. Next Morning I sent my Servant among the Booksellers to desire them to stop such Books if offer'd to Sale. About Noon, the same Day, Mr. King came to my Shop, saying such Books were stopt. I went to his Mother's Shop in Fore-street, and there I found one Dowles , who said he had the Books of three Men, who were at the Swan and Hoop Alehouse. Mr. King, and I and Dowles went thither, and found them. A scuffle ensued. They endeavour'd to break from us. The Prisoner stabb'd me in the Shoulder with a Penknife. I call'd for Assistance, and up came A Gentleman Soldier , and wrestled with him. The two others got off, Dowles follow'd them.


                  Jacob 
                  Dowle 
               



             . I formerly kept a Book-Stall in Moorfields, but was forc'd to leave off thro' Misfortunes. The Prisoner and two more sent for me to an Alehouse, the Prisoner gave me the Books, and bid me make the most of them, for they were in haste. I went to the Widow King's , at the Bible and Crown in Forestreet , where I was stopp'd.


                  Richard 
                  King 
               



             . I went to the Alehouse with Mr. Noon and Dowle , and there we found the Prisoner and the other Men. I ask'd Dowle which of them deliver'd the Books to him, and he said the Prisoner.
Prisoner. I met an old Ship-mate and another, and we went to drink at the Black Bull in Petticoat-Lane ; Dowle came to us, and my Ship-mate said he had some Books to sell, but they were at his Lodgings over the way. Dowle went with him thither, and fetch'd the Books, and then we went together to the Swan and Hoop by Moorfields , where he left us , and went to sell the Books; he staid above half an Hour, and then came with Mr. Noon and Mr. King. My Ship mate and the other ran out, and Dowle after them, and then a Soldier knock'd me down. I ow'd Money, and was afraid of an Arrest, which made me struggle to get off. Dowle has been in Goal several times. The Jury found the Prisoner 


               guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


