





70. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Stanley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Gold enamel'd Ring, val. 10 s. one Gold Ring, with a Ruby and two Diamonds, val. 40 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Renward 
                        




                      
                  , in the Dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Bradbury 
                     



, Octo. 27
.


                  John 
                  Gulliford 
               



            . I live at Mr. Bradbury's, in Bishops-Court


 in the Old Baily. On the 27th of October, the Prisoner (who used to go on Errands in the House) came up into my Room with a Gold Ring enamel'd, upon her Finger. I asked her, whose it was? She said, it was Mrs. Renward's. I bid her carry it down Stairs again, and put it into Mrs. Renward's Room. She went down, and said she would do so. After this Renward gave her a Guinea to fetch her a Gill of Wine, and she not returning again, I was employ'd to search after her. The third Time I was at her Lodging, I found her, and she had deck'd herself up very handsomely. I ask'd her, where the Rings were? She told me, she knew nothing of them. As I had seen one of them before upon her Finger, I got Mr. Jones at the Elephant and Castle in Fleet Lane, to take Charge of her; and then she acknowledged, she had taken one of them. I took her at her Lodging over against the Three Daggers upon Saffron-Hill.


                  Mary 
                  Renward 
               



             . I happen'd to be taken ill that Day, and sent the Prisoner, with a Guinea, to fetch me a Gill of Wine. She not returning, I suspected she had done me some other Mischief, and upon looking in my Drawers, I miss'd a Mourning Ring, and another with a Ruby and two Diamonds. Upon this I sent Gulliford to look after her: He found her, and brought her to me, and she own'd she took my Mourning Ring, (inscrib'd - 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Frost 
               



            , 1734. aged 66.) but did not say in what Manner, nor from whence she took it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Bradbury 
               



             . I left the Prisoner in Mrs. Renward's Room the 27th of October. The two Rings were then in the Drawer , but the Drawer was not lock'd. I went out, and saw no more of her till she was taken, and then she confess'd she had taken the Mourning Ring.



                  Walter 
                  Edward 
               



             confirmed the former Witnesses. 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


