





32. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chambers 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               privately stealing a stained Cambrick Handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d. from the Person of 
                     
                        Barwell 
                        Smith 
                     




                  , Esq

; May 13


Mr. Smith. On Sunday in the Afternoon, as I was walking in Grays-Inn-Walks


, there was an Outcry of several that had their Pockets pick'd, and going from thence to the Coffee-house, I there missed my Handkerchief. I presently step'd back, and bid the Door-keeper of the Walks let me know if he saw any suspicious Persons loitering about there: A Boy came and told me, that he saw two Men pick a Gentleman's Pocket in the dark Passage by the Bookseller's Shop. I went to the Passage, took hold of the Prisoner, and saw him throw down a silk Handkerchief. Sir, says I, you must go with me. Sir, says he, I am a Gentleman; what d'ye mean? I could find no Constable, and so I took him to my own House; he fell on his Knees, and made many Protestations of his Innocence, but upon searching him, I found my Handkerchief in his Bosom. Then he said, he was no Pick-pocket himself, but was only retain'd by them, and had 1 s. 6 d. a Day to attend on them, and take what they stole.
Rich. Smith. When my Father had brought the Prisoner home, the Prisoner kneel'd down and call'd Christ to witness that he never pick'd a Pocket in all his Life, tho' at the same time I saw him pull a Handkerchief out of his Pocket and put it into his Bosom; but when he found that my Father was resolved to search him thoroughly, he took it out of his Bosom again, and gave it to my Father, who own'd it; and then the Prisoner said, If it's your's, I can expect no Mercy.


                  Holt 
                  Crow 
               



            ; Constable. I heard the Prisoner say that he took the Handkerchief from another Person, who allow'd him 9 s. a Week for receiving Handkerchiefs. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


