





44. 
               


            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Stone- bottle, a Gallon of Rum, a Basket, and a Handkerchief
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Goodwin 
                  




                
            , Oct.1.




                  James 
                  Goodwin 
               



            , the Younger (aged 12) My Father sent me with a Bottle of Rum in a Basket, to carry to Black's- Fields. The Prisoner follow'd me from Layton's-Yard (where they build Ships) to a bye Alley, close by a Pond, and there he said he belong'd to the King, and must have my Rum, and so he laid hold of it, and made me set it down, and then he took it up, and walk'd a little with it; I cry'd for my Basket, and a Gentleman coming along, the Prisoner took to his Heels and run off - This is the Basket, there was a Handkerchief in it, and he took that too.

Prisoner. In what County was this?
Boy. In Farthing-Alley, in Jacob-street,on t'other side of the Water.
Prisoner.Then it was in Surry.
Court. Where was the Basket found?
Prisoner. In White -Chapel.
Court. You may be try'd in any County where any part of the Goods are found.


                  James
                   Goodwin, the Elder



            . I swear this is my Basket, and I know the Prisoner to be a vile-Fellow.


                  Sarah 
                  Goodwin 
               



            . I fill'd the Bottle of Rum, and tent it by the Child in this Basket, and he was brought home very much frighted.


                  Samuel 
                  Brain 
               



            . At an Alehouse in Chambers-street, I met the Prisoner and Prosecutor. I told the Prisoner, it was beneath an Officer to take a Gailon of Rum from a Child. He ask'd us to go with him to a House in White-Chapel, we went, he own'd he had sold the Rum there, and the Woman of the House deliver'd the Basket to the Prosecutor.


                  Thomas 
                  Francis 
               



            . And she told me, in the Prisoner's hearing, that he sold her the Rum, and he own'd it, and ask'd for the Basket.


                  Walter 
                  Allen 
               



            . He told me that he took the Rum from the Boy, and sold it at that House, and he offer'd several times to make it up, and the Prosecutor not agreeing to it, the Prisoner run away, but we follow'd and took him again.
Prisoner. I never sold a Drop of Rum there in my Life; but I and another got drunk aboard a Ship, and coming along where the Boy had set down the Bottle to rest himself. and both of us being a little Maggoty, we gave the Bottle a push for fun, and down it fell and broke, and I having three Pounds of Tea, I put it into the Basket and carry'd it away and sold it, and then left the Basket at the House where it was found.
The Jury found him 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


