






30, 31. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Thomas 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fish 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one Hundred Weight of Lead, value 30 s. in an empty House, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Haydon 
                        



                      
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Gamball 
                        



                      
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Chamberlain 
                        



, May 3
.
R. Haydon. We have lost more large leaden Pipes and brass Cocks out of our Brewhouse, by the Ditch-side, than 30 or 40 l. will make good.


                  Henry 
                  Dixon 
               



            . The Prisoners and I, and 
               
                  Harry 
                  Cole 
               



             stole these Pipes and Cocks about 2 o'Clock on Whitsunday Morning. Fish put us upon it; for he said he had been out all Night, and could tell us of a rare Chance. We did one Parcel till 9 at Night, and then carried it to Will. Green, in Stanhope-Street, Clare-Market, and sold it him for 19 s. 6 d. He called us good Boys, and bid us take Care. Then we went about Eleven the same Night, and got as much more, and hid it in a Dunghill by the Ditch-side; but it was found by a Boy who went there to ease himself, and so the Prosecutor came to hear of it, and we were taken the next Friday Morning by a Watchman, as we came out of Brown-low-Street with some Lead we had stole; and so I was made an Evidence. Green is run away. He was tried here about 7 Months ago for receiving stolen Goods  *.
* It was for a Burglary and a Felony, in December last. See his Trial in the SESSIONS-PAPER, Numb. 1. page 13.





[Transportation. See summary.]


