







53, 54. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Yates 
                  



                . Senior

            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Yates 
                  



                , Junior

            , of London, Labourers

, were indicted for 


               stealing 20 Dozen of Candles, value 5 l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Gresswell 
                  




                
            , in the Parish of St. Botolph Aldgate


, the 20th of December
 last.


                  Henry 
                  Willoughbey 
               



            . The Goods mentioned in the Indictment were my Mother-in-law's, Mrs. Gresswell. She has been confined to her Bed a great while, therefore could not attend here. The young Prisoner lodged at one Mrs. Grigson's, who keeps a Chandler's Shop, and she having a large Quantity of Candles, which she offered to Sale, the Officers of the Excise, suspecting them to have paid no Duty, seized them: They were found to belong to Mrs. Gresswell; upon Enquiry, Grigson owned she had them of Yates the younger: He sted from his Lodging, out at a Back-Do
or, but was taken afterwards in Farthing-Fields, Wap. ping, and before the Justice gave a very frivolous Account of the Fact. We then enquired after the Father; he was employed as a private Watchman by Mrs Gresswell and others, beside the publick Watch, to look after their Houses. Mrs. Gresswell's Cellar-Door had frequently been open'd in the Night, and the Watch-man never gave them notice of it: He was asked the Reason of his giving no notice when the Cellar was open'd, and he told us, he always shut it, and stuck it close with Clay, when it had been open'd: There were some Candles found upon him which he would give no Account of, and therefore the Justice committed him. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Grigson 
               



             was call'd next, but she did not appear.


                  Allen 
                  Parsons 
               



            . Now I am Apprentice to Mrs. Gresswell. We frequently found the Cellar Door open, tho' they watch'd for us. I saw 7 Dozen and odd Pounds which were taken by the Constable out of the House; I know them to be my Mistress's Candles, by the Colour, the length of the Cotton, and the drawing off. Young Yates confess'd he sold them to Mrs. Grigson for 3 s. and a Dozen; before Justice Martin, he said the Candles were brought to him by a Man on Tower-hill, but he could give no Account of him, but he own'd his selling them to his Land-lady.


                  William 
                  Cogan 
               



            . We know one another's Work, and I am well assured, that these Goods were Mrs. Gresswells.


                  William 
                  Bray 
               



            , Constable. I have some of the Goods, taken upon the Old Gentleman; and at the Place where the Young one lodged we found 71 Pounds conceal'd in Paper. We found but 3 Candles on the old one. When Young Yates was carry'd before the Justice, he said he had the Candles from one Stevens a Watchman belonging to the Custom-house, and that they were Perquisites belonging to his Place.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Grigson 
               



             was call'd again, and appear'd.
Grigson. He lodg'd in my House, (the young one) and he brought the Candles in, as Perquisites belonging to a Watchman of the Custom-house, and I received them as such.
Yates, junior. I saw the Cellar Door open'd one Night by a Coach Wheel, and I thought there was no need of disturbing them. How the Candles came into my Room, I cannot tell. I found them under the Stairs, when I went to look for a bit of Wood to make a Fire.
Yates, junior. I lodged in Grigson's House, and was out of Business. She asked me one Time to go along with her a little Way; I went with her to Tower-hill; we met a Man, she took a Box from him, and said to me Dick carry the Box home for me. I did, and left her with the Man; when she came home she bid me carry the Box up Stairs; whereof I did, it was full of Candles, and I weigh'd them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Holden 
               



            . I was coming over Tower hill, I can't say for the Day of the Month, but it was about 5 in the Morning, and I met Yates the Younger: I asked him how he and his Father did; he desired me to lend him a half-penny for a Dram: This Grigson was with him, and had a Box which she desired Yates to carry over the Hill for her, and she said she would give him 6d. He asked her whether he must carry it up, or leave it belows Stairs; she said, carry it up. I don't know what was in the Box, but I believe she keeps a very disorderly House.
Constable. We found the major Part of the Candles done up in Dozens in Papers, some few in a Box.
Justice Martin. When the Boy, and the Witness was before me, he continued in the same Story, that they had them of a Watch-man, belonging to the Custom-house, and that they were brought to him, to a Bulk upon Tower-Hill, and that he carried them to this Witness to sell for him. I asked him if he could find this Man, and he said he could not.
Yates, jun. Mrs. Grigson bid me say such and such Words before the Justice; whereof I being ignorant of any such Affair, did so. She hired me once when a Box came in, to carry a Letter and the Box to her Mother's at St James's; whereof I did so, and her Mother when she had read the Letter, paid me 18s.


                  Richard 
                  Farrow 
               



            . I was with him when he carried the Box to St. James's I was out of Work, and he asked me to go with him, and he received 18s. 6d.
Yates, jun. And I paid it to her, and she paid me for my Trouble. She sold them out of her Shop at a half penny a piece.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Holder 
               



            . I sent my Daughter for a half penny Candle. and she brought me one so large, made me think there was some Mistake so I went to her about it, and she told me she would sell' 3lb together so, if I would buy them.
Yates, sen. 

               acquitted
            . Yates, jun. 


               guilty 4s. 10d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


