





41. 
               
                  
                     Stephen
                      otherwise 
                     
John Turner




               
            , of St. Stephen Coleman Street


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Spoon value 16 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Albert 
                     Nesbit 
                  




                
            , the 6th of February
.


                  Thomas 
                  Best 
               



            . I serve Mr. Nesbit, and had laid the Cloath in the Parlour according to Custom. There were on the Table 4 Salts, four/Salt-Shovels and four Spoons. I shut the Parlour Door, and went down to dress myself then I went into the Parlour again, to mend the Fire, and seeing the Entry dirty, as if somebody had been there, I went down to the Cook, and asked her, if any body had been in the Parlour; she said no: I went in again for something for my Mistress, and found the Salts, the Spoons, and the Salt-shovels were gone. I called the House-keeper, a we look'd into the Buffet, but nothing was taken from thence, nothing but the Plate that was upon the Table. We sent for the Silversmith who made the Plate, and advertised it; but before the Advertisement came to his Hands, the Spoon mentioned in the Indictment, was brought to his Shop, and he stopt it.


                  Archibald 
                  Gilchrist 
               



            . After Mr. Nesbit had lost the Things, he sent for me, and I caused Advertisements to be printed, and left at the Goldsmith's. I offered two Guineas Reward and no Questions ask'd: About 7 o'Clock as the Man who gave out the Bills, was putting one into my Hand, Mr. Newsome came, and told me, he had stopt one of the Spoons, and said he believed he could help us to take the Person that brought it to him.
Mrs. Newsome. The Prisoner at the Bar brought this Spoon to me to be valued; I asked him whose it was; he said it was his own. I told him he must bring somebody to make that appear, before he should have it again, he then went away, and I saw him no more till he was taken up.
Prisoner. I was drinking at Cow cross, and fell into Discourse with a Sea-faring Man: He pulled out a Pack of Cards; I play'd with him and won all his Money; then he pulled off a Ring and would have me play against that: I did not think it was Gold, so I refused; then he pulled out the Spoon, and desired me to lend him Money upon it; I lent him 10s upon it, and won the Money of him again; he said the Spoon was worth 14s. and wanted more Money, I would lend no more till I knew the Value: why then says he, as you live but over the way; I will entrust you with it, go, and see what 'tis worth: I carried it, to this Gentlewoman, and she stopt it. I told her, Madam, I am at present the Owner of the Spoon, but I will go and fetch the Man I had it of, in a Quarter of an Hour: I went back to the Alehouse to look for him, but he was gone. I never absconded but was taken at my own Door.
Gilchrist. We were told by this Gentlewoman, that she had seen the Prisoner go by her Shop with a Woman she had some Knowledge of, and as we were talking about this Affair, a Grubber, one who sweeps the Streets, heard us, and said, if you are talking of Newgate Nan, or Pin Nan, you may find her at a Brandy-shop at Cow-Cross; so we went to Cow-Cross, and enquired for New-gate Nan, or Pin Nan; but the People told us, if we wanted her, it was not for any Thing that was good, and refused to let us know where she was. At last we found out the Grubber, and he said, when we described the Prisoner, he knew him well; a little tidy Fellow, who would spend 4 or 5 Guineas at Cards: The Constable said he had some Knowledge of him, so he got a Warrant and went to look for him, and saw him standing at a Door; I charged the Constable with him, and asked him if he did not know Newgate Nan, or Pin Nan; he said he did not, we carried him to an Alehouse, and presently Newgate Nan came in and asked for him, and said he was her Husband. I went to get the Warrant back'd, and they staid at an Alehouse till I came back, and till I could get a City Constable; then I brought them word to march; and while I was gone, they had drank half a Crown's worth of Liquor; I paid for it, and ordered them to march: G - d D - m your Blood, says Newgate Nan, he shall not sir, till you give me half a Crown's worth more. I went to Newgate, and gave him a Dram to persuade him to tell us where the rest of the Plate was; he said he would return it; say no more says he, a Word to the Wise is enough.


                  Benjamin 
                  Barret 
               



            . I keep a Brandyshop, and sell Gin, and the Prisoner has frequented my House four or five months, I know him to be an honest, sober, civil Man; I never saw him drunk above two or three times in my shop.


                  Anne 
                  Chalkley 
               



            . I live right against Hicks's-Hall, and am an Embroiderer. I have known the Prisoner to have followed sometimes Portering, sometimes Coal-heaving, and sometimes carrying a Basket in Newgate-market for his Living; he came home from Sea about 7 Months ago, and I can't deny but that I have heard a Talk of his having been transported, but I cannot say any thing to it.
Prisoner. I should have been glad if the Man I won the Spoon of had been here.
Q. Aye; is it not odd, that the Person you won it of should not appear?
Mrs. Newsome. If he won the Spoon at Cards, he made quick Work of it, for the Spoon was lost about One o'Clock, and he brought it to me before Two. The Jury found him 


               Guilty 4s. 10d.
             And the Prisoner told the Court they had not done him Justice.




[Transportation. See summary.]


