






88, 89. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Barns 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Susan 
                     Bean 
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Vick 
                        




                      
                   11 Guineas and a half
            , April 1
.


                  James 
                  Vick 
               



            . About 10 a Clock at Night, April 1. between Fleet Ditch and Ludgate I met the 2 Prisoners. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Barnes 
               



             clapped her Hand on my Shoulder, and cry'd, will you give us a Dram, Countryman? So upon the Account I went with them to Capt. Harris's in the Old Bailey


, and the Woman of the House bid us go up Stairs, and I called for a Quartern. Bean made an Offer to put her Hand into my Breech, but I bid her stand off; then Mary Barnes and I sat down on the Bed, and leaning on my Shoulder, she pulled a little down towards the Bed, while Susan Bean put her Hand into my Right-hand Pocket and took 11 Guineas and an half. I missed it as soon as ever I rose from the Bed; Bean ran down Stairs, and Barnes said she had none of the Money, 'twas Bean had it. I believe they were Confederates, for when I got off the Bed they were both standing together: Barnes went away, but the Watchman took her: When Bean was taken, she pulled the Money out of her Shoe.


                  Hannah 
                  Hawling 
               



            . I saw Bean pull the 8 Guineas and 18 s. out of her Shoe, April 4. and a half-penny out of her Pocket in White-cross Street.


                  William 
                  Elliston 
               



            . I am a Watchman: and that Night I stood at the Cock Ale-house Door, I saw Barnes come out of Capt. Harris's; and the Countryman saying he was robbed, I stopt her; next Day carried her before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brocas 
               



            , and he sent her to Newgate. She own'd she had a Guinea of the Country-man's Money; 13 s. was taken from her, and 8 s. she spent in the Compter.


                  William 
                  Whitlock 
               



            . I saw the Money taken from Bean; it was put up in a Paper at the Bull head, and Alderman Brocas's Clerk wrote upon it 8 Guineas, 18 s and a Half-penny.


                  Rachel 
                  Wood 
               



            . I heard Barnes say she had but a Guinea of the Money, and that Bean had the rest; Barnes told me she lay down with the Countryman, and kept him in play on the Bed while the other pick'd his Pocket.
Prisoner Barnes. As to the Guinea, he gave it me: He said he chose to be with Bean, and gave it me to go out of the Room. Both 


               Guilty 10d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


