





33. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Irons 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing an Alarum Clock, value 3 l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Newman 
                  




                
            , Jan. 20
.
Thomas Newman, I live at the Blue-Boar-Inn in Holborn


. I lost this Clock off the Stair-case, and advertis'd it, but heard nothing of it, some Thieves being taken up at Westminster, one of them turn'd Evidence, and inform'd me, that the Clock was at one Mrs. Garton's, a Pawn-broker in Long-Acre.


                  Samuel 
                  Steere 
               



            . I gave this Clock to Mr. Newman; it had been in my Possession and hung in my Chamber at Christ-Church in Oxford, 2 Years. I know it from an hundred; there are Holes in the Case to hang it against the Wainscot, and the Pendulum is a little bent. I sent it from Oxford to Mr. Newman's.


                  Ann 
                  Garton 
               



            . I am a Pawnbroker, a single Woman. The Prisoner at the Bar lodged in Red-Lyon Court, in the House of one Reeves; the Prisoner and Reeves brought the Clock to me, and I lent half a Guinea upon it. I am sure the Prisoner was the Person that brought it to me, and he order'd me to deliver it to no body but him.


                  Charles 
                  Walker 
               



            . There were some People taken up on Suspicion of uttering false Money, and one of them turned Evidence, and inform'd about this Clock, and where it might be found. He said it was stole by one Liberty, from Mr. Newman's in Holborn. I acquainted him with what I had heard, so he got a Warrant, and found this Clock at Mrs. Garton's, which she deliver'd to us.
Defence. Liberty brought this Clock one Night into my Lodging, and Mr. Reeves pawn'd it for him the next Morning at this Gentlewoman's. Liberty ow'd me 4 s. 6 d. so I went to her, and desired her not to let the Clock go till she saw me, telling her that the Man owed me Money.
Mrs. Garton. The Prisoner and Reeves brought it to me, and the Money was paid to the Prisoner.
C. I would ask Mrs. Garton a Question: In the Way of your Trade (and 'tis a very bad one) don't you enter the Names of Persons who bring you Goods, and the Money you pay them, in Books?
Mrs. Garton. Yes. The Prisoner said it was his, and he bid me enter it in the Name of Thompson, and deliver it to none but himself. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


