







                     Thomas 
                     Nosely 
                  



               
             , (a Boy
) of St. Andrew's Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               stealing fifty pair of Stockings, value 4 l. in the Shop of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Manning 
                        




                      
                  , the Goods of Rich. Manning
            , Jan. 10
.


                  Richard 
                  Manning 
               



             depos'd, That on Saturday the 10th of January, he had tied up two pair of Black Stockings for a Customer, and about Eight o'Clock in the Evening he miss'd them, but could not find or hear any thing of them till Monday Night; 
               
                  John 
                  May 
               



             told him he had taken a Boy creeping into his Shop, that the Boy was brought to him, and confessed, that himself, with two others, not yet taken, stole the Stockings, and sold them to one Mrs. King, and that the Prisoner had 9 d. for his Share; but not being sensible then of his Loss, notwithstanding he was told the Boy had new Stockings on, he said they were none of mine; but the next Day missing four Dozen of Stockings, he examin'd the Boy further, and he confessed that one Booth and himself stole the Stockings, and sold them at three different Places, and that the Prisoner had 7 s. for his Share, and the Stockings he had on; which Stockings being produced in Court, the Prosecutor swore to be his, they having his Mark upon them.


                  Thomas 
                  Pawlins 
               



             depos'd, That he saw the Prisoner creep into the Prosecutor's Shop on his Hands and Knees, and was going behind the Compter; that he asked him, what he did there? and he answered, he was going to tie his Garters .


                  John 
                  May 
               



             depos'd to the same Effect.


                  Samuel 
                  Lightinhouse 
               



             depos'd, He see the Prisoner have the Stockings on that was produced in Court; his Confession before the Justice was read, the Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 4s. 10d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


