









27. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Cook 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the House of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Oakes 
                        



                      
                  , about 8 at Night, and stealing a silk Cap, value 4 s. a Linnen Hoop, value 3 s. an Ell of Holland, value 7 s.
            
March 8



.
Ann Oakes. The 3d of March, between 7 and 8 o'Clock at Night, I was just stepp'd about a Yard and a half from my Window to cut a Candle, and the Sash (which was pin'd down with a great Nail) was thrust up; I saw a Hand put into the Window, and that Hand took out a Silk Cap, a Hoop Coat, and an Ell of Holland, and a Bundle of Holland beside. I never pursu'd after the Thief, nor ever thought of hearing more about the Matter; but Mr. De Veil sent for me, and this Evidence informed against the Prisoner.


                  Samuel 
                  Piper 
               



            . I and the Prisoner committed this Robbery: Cook shov'd up the Window and took the Hoop; I came after him and took the Cap: There was some Linnen, but he said 'twas of no Value, if it was, he kept it to himself. How he unfasten'd the Window I don't know; he understands those Things better than I, but I had part of the Goods and was concern'd with him. 'Twas about 8 or 9 Weeks ago, at Night, and it was dark, but there was a Candle upon the Counter. I remember I saw this Mrs. Oakes in the Shop, and she came to the Door twice; the Moon shone, but we stood on the shady side of the Way, where she could not see us.
Cook. I know nothing of it; he's welcome to Swear what he pleases.
Piper. He was a Evidence himself last Sessions. 


               Acquitted of the Burglary. Guilty. Felony.
            

He was a 2d, Time indicted for 


               stealing a pewter Gallon Pot, value 5 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Maddox 
                  



                
            , March 14



.
Ralph Maddox. I can only say I lost a Gallon Pot at that Time; I don't know who stole it.


                  Samuel 
                  Piper 
               



            . The Prisoner and I stole it. The Prosecutor is a Vinegar Merchant
: Cook and I were going thro' his Yard, and he put his Hand in at the Shop-window and took the Pot out
Cook. He's welcome to Swear what he pleases; I'm cast for Transportation already. 

               Guilty
            .
He was a 3d Time indicted for 


               stealing an Instrument made of Iron and Lead, used for grinding Snuff, value 20 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dale 
                        



                      
                   in his Shop
            , March 10



. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            

28. He was a 4th Time indicted with * 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Benyan 
                  



                
            , for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Timbrell 
                        



                      
                  , and stealing 5 Copper Pattipans, value 5 s. and 5 Tarts, value 10 d
            , March 6



. 


               Both Guilty Felony only
            .
* 
               
                  Peter 
                  Benyan 
               



            , was tried in Jan. Sessions 1735-6. for robbing Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Powers 
               



             of his Watch, &c. and Acquitted. See Sessions Book No. II. 1735-6; p. 60.


                  Richard 
                  Cook 
               



             was an Evidence against several of his Companions in Dec. Sessions, 1736. See No. I. p. 19. & 20.





[Transportation. See summary.]


