





30. 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Chalmers 
                  



               
            , of St. Martin's in the Fields


 was indicted for 


               stealing 333 Yards of Holland, Value 105 l. 5 s. 24 Yards of Printed Linnen, Value 4 l. 4 s. 45 Yards of Damask, Value 16 l. and 26 Yards of striped Linnen, Value 3 l. 5 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Fermer 
                        




                      
                  , in the House of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        White 
                     



, Nov. 22
.


                  Joanna 
                  Fermer 
               



            . And please your Loard-ship, I want intule the Country upon proud prassing Basiness, and last the Frasner to car of my Loadings till I came back. And because he pleaded Poaverty, I taud him he mat mack use of my Bad and my Room, tho' I danno' gi' him Laberty to maddle wi' my Geuds that were lock'd up in my Chast of Drawers in the Cloaset, for I had a greet Paircel of Lannen there. But whan I came back it was aw gone! The deel a Bit was thare last ! Ye Raug you, says I, you ha' roab'd me. Maidam, says he, I bag your Pairdon, but it was Nasassity that made me do it. Nasassity! 
               
                  ye 
                  Raug 
               



             you, says I, what Nasassity cou' ye ha' to tack aw that I had? cou' no' ye be contanted wi' a lattle? I'll tap 
               
                  ye 
                  Justice 
               



            , troath will I. How goat ye the Locks oppen 
               
                  ye 
                  Raug 
               



            ? Why Maidam, says he, with a Machine in my Poaket; a crooked Iron. Wanna' it haird to tack aw that I had 
               
                  ye 
                  Raug 
               



             ye? says I. And than he fell down doad, and went on his Knees round the Room over and over, and bag'd of me not to tack awaw his Life. I asked him what he had done wi' my Gends, and he took a Pan and Ank and sat down saw much sauld, saw much pawn'd, and saw much gamed awa'.
Court. What particular Goods did you lose?
Fermer. There was a Shute of Table-Linnen, a Piece of Pianted Lnnen, and piece of striped Hoaland, that I intanded to pay my Brewer wi' gm he wad accept 'em, but he wanno' tack 'em. Than there was saxteen Pieces of Hoaland, and 3 Shutes of Damask Table-Linnen. The Value of 'em aw was better than 105 Punds.
Prisoner. Did not you intrust me with any Part of the Goods?
F. Naw Sir, I lock'd up avery Thing from ye.
Court. In whose House were those Goods left?
F. In 
               
                  Edward 
                  White 
               



            's House in Yoark-Buildings.

P. Who did you trust to deliver the Linnen to Mr. Thomson the Brewer in Charles-Court?


                  F.
                   Margaret Hunter
               



            , my Chair-woman, carried them, and Mrs. Douglas brought 'em back.


                  Margaret 
                  Hunter 
               



            . Mrs. Fermer lodged at the Rainbow Coffee-House in Villers-street. She left the Prisoner, and none but he in her Lodgings; and nothing was left open to him but the Chairs and Bed: The rest was lock'd up. And I carried the Parcel to the Brewer when Mrs. Fermer was out of Town.
Mrs. Douglas. And I brought it back from the Brewer's, and it was not entrusted to the Prisoner, but only left in his Room.
P. Did I or Mrs. Fermer desire you to bring it back?
D. Neither. I did it on my own Account, without Orders from any. You told me your self that she had lock'd up every thing from you.
P. I shall prove the Contrary.


                  Margaret 
                  Forbes 
               



            . The printed and striped Holland came to my House by Mrs. Feriner's Order, to clear the Brewer, but he would not take 'em, and Douglas carried them away again by the Prisoner's Orders.
P. There is a Letter to the Brewer, in Justice De Veil's Hands, in which she mentions, tells him, that those Goods which she intended to send him, were intrusted with me.
Court. Can you prove that Letter to be her Writing?
P. She has owned it.
F. Let me see the Letter Sir, I wanno' deny my aun Hand. Yes, this is my Writing.
Court. Then it may be send in Evidence.
Clerk reads]. Greases-Greases ?
F. Naw Sir, it is no' Greases, it is Gravesend. You canno' read my Hand-writing. Let me see, I will read it my Sal'.
She reads the Letter, of which the following is a true Copy.
To Mr. Thomison Bruer in hog lean by tyburn road
greases Septmbr the 18. 1732.
MR thomison I heave been at Londin and heas brogt eaney lytell thing that I had ther in order to setell in * dr Scotland wher I am loved and known I heave lost my all with peepoll runing a way in my det but not with standing of all that as I allwais promised to doo you juistis I doo beyond pouer I heave ordered you ten pounds woorth of nerey pritey goods to be delivered to you by woon mr cheambers and upon your full discarg to me he shall de liver you the goods Scotland in Six months after deat this is the full of what I own you for you know your a Count is not Just and by your receat I can prone the Seam but how ever be that as it will I am not eabell to do mor then I + ckean and beliue me if I had not a mercy great uellow for you I wood not heave given my self this trubell so if you pleas to acept of this you may, and if not, you me let aloo I wish euerey body wood pay me as weel I should not heave such loses as I heave this is all from Sr your most hombell Sernen


                  Johana 
                  Fermer 
               




* Dear.
+ Can
The Goods I heaue ordered you is this,
l. s. d.
one Shout ++ of syn demisk teabell lyning at 4l. the Shout, 4 00 0
++ One Suit.
24 yeards syn prented lyning at 3 and 6 pens per yeard is 4 04 0
a leven yeards Striped holland at 3 and 4 pens per yeard is 1 16 8
for too gallins neat brandy 0 18 0
in all is 10 18 8
Prisoner. My acquaintance with her begun by our coming both in one Ship from Scotland. She told me, she was acquainted with great Men, and could do me Service, and expected I should do her some in return. She said, she ow'd a pretty deal of Money, and knew a way to pay off all her Creditors, which was to leave Goods with me, and pretending she was gone to Scotland, would send them word, that she had left such and such Goods, which if they would take in full for what she ow'd them, and give me a Discharge they might, otherwise they might get their Money how they could. Thus she sent me to Mr. Hayward, a Wine Merchant, with 15l. tho' she ow'd him 70l. He thinking that she was gone to Scotland, and left me to act for her, took the 15 l. in full for the 70. So she compounded with Mrs. Avery, to whom she ow'd 20 l. for less than half the Money. It was upon this Account that she desir'd me to lye in her Room, and if any of her Creditors enquired for her, to tell them, she was gone to Scotland, tho' it was all a Trick. Before she left me, I told her, I had no Money for Necessaries. She said, I need not want, there were Goods enough in her Closet that I might dispose of upon Occasion, for I had her Keys.
F. Naw Sir I last my Keys in my Drawers.
P. She trusted the Keys and Goods too, to my Care, for she and I were very familiar, I have lain with her many a Time.
F. Upon my Oath he never did, why, does your Loardship think I was lye with such a Jackanapes as he is? The Goods I trusted him to give to Mr. Hayward and the Brewer, was before I went out of Town.
P. Here's Mr. Grub, the Pawnbroker, will give an Account of her.
Grub. I know this Woman by the Name of Hamilton. A Piece of these Goods was pledg'd with me. I have dealt with her several Times. She has a very indifferent Character. She would cheat or defraud any Body. She brought me false Plate for good, and I lent her 20 l. upon it.
F. I own I did; but you know it was my Lady Cassells, and it is in her Dining-room now; I was deceiv'd in it, and so was you.


                  Henry 
                  Bovin 
               



            . Before Justice De Veil she deny'd that she writ any Letter till he produc'd it. The Prisoner said, he had been very free with her, and sat up with her many a Night. He was ask'd hereupon, if he had lain with her? And he hum'd and haw'd, and at last said, No. 1 and 3 or 4 more went to see her Drawers, there was ho Violence done to them.
Court. She says they were open'd with a false Key.


                  Margaret 
                  Hunter 
               



            , again. He was very ill with a Pain in his Ear 4 or 5 Days after she went out of Town. I got him something to eat, and ask'd him, if he had a Porringer and Spoon? He said, No, for she had lock'd up every Thing.
- Douglas, again. He told me so, and said, she had left him nothing but dirty Sheets.
Mrs. Clark. I lent him a Linnen Towel, and could never get it again.


                  Margaret 
                  Forbes 
               



            . I ask'd Mrs. Fermer, why she left her Goods to his Care? She said, she'd trust him with untold Gold.
Mr. De Veil. When he was brought before me, he said several Things that intimated he had lain with her; upon which I put the Question to him, and he said, that he had not.
Prisoner. I said I had not lain in a Bed with her, and did not then say any more, for fear of being prosecuted by her Husband. But I say now, that I have lain with her several Times, and she told me, if her Husband dy'd, she would have no Man but me. I heard there was a Warrant to take her up for a Cheat.
Mr. De Veil. No; it was only for deluding a young Woman, but she appear'd, and upon Examination was discharged.
P. And she had deluded me too. She's a Woman of a vile Character; she brought a Lawyer with her to a Tavern, and he drew up a Confession, and she promis'd, if I would sign it, that she would not appear against me, but speak to the Jury, and the King in my behalf. The Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


