





27. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stevens 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 5 Silver Seals, value 7 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Holland 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , Feb. 20
.
Mr. Holland. I keep a Goldsmith's Shop
 at Bishop-Gate


. On Monday Afternoon last, the Prisoner came into my Shop, and asked to see some Seals. I took out a Drawer, and shew'd him. 5 or 6 Doxen. He look'd over them, and asked the Price of one, and another. At last he bid Money for one, and pull'd out 2 s. with his left Hand. I thought I heard a jingling of something more than Money, and watching his Hand, I perceived one of my Seals with his 2 s. I observed him carefully, and saw him take up another. What will you have for this, says he? I told him he had got one in his Hand already. No, he had not he said, and open'd his Hand, and there was nothing but the 2 s. I told him I was sure he had it, and desired to look into his Hat. He pulled off his Hat and Wig, and open'd his Breast, telling me I might search him. I came round the Counter to search him, and in his Pocket I found these 5 Seals; I had no sooner taken them from him, but he ran out of Doors; I got hold of him again at the Kennel, and in struggling with him I tore his Coat up to his Back. My Man and I with much ado, got him back to the Shop, and sent for a Constable to take Charge of him. These are the Seals, they are mine, and some of them I have had these 3 or 4 Years.
Prisoner. I was vastly in Liquor; I never knew I had any of them, - I was vastly much in Liquor.


                  Matthew 
                  Wells 
               



             gave exactly the same Account and deposed farther, that he was not in Liquor, of which he was convinced by the Resistance he made when he was taken.
Prisoner. My Lord I know nothing at all of it, - I was vastly in Liquor; I have People to prove that Liquor disorders me vastly, and I live in the Neighbourhood with a Gentleman that entrusts me with a vast Number of Things. The People of the Goal know I was vastly drunk when I was committed.


                  George 
                  Sanders 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner about a Twelve month; he marry'd an honest Woman in my Neighbourhood, I never heard any bad Character of him; when he's in Liquor he's like a Madman.


                  George 
                  Mitchell 
               



            . The Man deals in Fruit, - his Wife does, and I suppose he does. I never know him to sell Fruit himself, - I don't know any Business he follows - in particular.
John. I am his Brother in Law; I have known him about 4 Years, and have seen him - not much in Liquor, but when he is - I am always glad to get out of his Company. As to his Character, - I nothing of that.
Jones. I am a Porter in Borough Market work for his Wife; I have known him 12 or 13 Months. I have heard that he deals in Callamancoes, Muslins, and Handkerchief - not old Handkerchief, - but new ones.


                  Richard 
                  Turner 
               



            . I am a Porter in the Borough. I know nothing of him, - nothing of any harm. I work for his Wife; if he's in Liquor he'll rattle the Candlesticks and Pewter about like a Madman.
Mr. Dodson. I live in the Borrough As to the Prisoner I know no Good of him; his general Character is but very indifferent, and I desire to be excused from entering into Particulars.
Prisoner. This is because they call me a Molly, and say I am more like a Woman than a Man, and how can I help my Face? 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


