





14. 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Cook 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 2 Gold Plates, and a Gold Rim of a Snuffbox, val. 10 l. the Goods of the 
                     
Rt. Honourable the Lord
Harvey

                  ; and a Gold Tweezer Case val. 4 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Dutems 
                        



                      
                  , in the House of 
                     
                        Elisha 
                        Manisire 
                     



, Jan. 25
.
The Prisoner was tryed last Sessions, for stealing these Goods; but they being (by mistake) laid in the Indictment to be the Goods of 
               
                  Elisha 
                  Manisire 
               



            , he was acquitted; but this other Bill being found against him, he was detain'd in Custody till this Sessions.


                  Elisha 
                  Manisire 
               



            . I am an Engraver. Two Gold Plates, and a Gold Rim of a Snuff-box belonging to my L Harvey, and a Gold Tweezer Case of Mr Dutems were delivered to me to do some work to them. They were lost out of my Drawers on the 25th of January, and not hearing of them in three Days, I advertised them the Monday following, with a Reward of 10 Guineas, to the Person who brought them to Mr. Dutems, at the Golden Cup in Leicester-Square. And the same Night the Prisoner, (who is my Apprentice
) and 
               
                  Peter 
                  Hales 
               



            , Mr. Dutems's Apprentice, came to me at a House where I was, and told me with a great deal of Joy, that they had heard news of the Box, and then they shew'd me a Letter.
Prisoner. was it I, or 
               
                  Peter 
                  Hales 
               



            , who gave you the Letter.
R. M. I can't be certain which, - But here is the Letter.
Mr. Dutems. I receiv'd this Letter by the 
               
                  Penny 
                  Post 
               



            , and sent it by my Apprentice to Mr. Manisire.

Court. Let the Letter be read.
Clerk reads.
`To Mr. Dutems at the Golden Cup, in `Leicester-Square. Send the Boy or Girl, of `the Person from whom the Things were took, `with the Money this Night'. [the Letter is torn in this place, and here's something wanting] `Shoulder of Mutton fields, let them `be there by Eleven. Send nobody with them. `Let them be in a Red Coat or Gown.
`P. S. None but them will have it, and `they must bring this Letter, I shall drop it `first and so let them the Money.
At 11 a Clock I and the Prisoner, with some of my Friends, went to the Shoulder of Mutton-fields: but not caring to venture the 10 Guineas, before I saw some probability of getting the Goods, we waited at some distance, and sent the Prisoner without the Money, to see if the Man was there, and brought the Goods. He went, and return'd in a little time, and said to us; I have met the Man, and he ask'd me if I had brought the Money. I told him no, for my Master was afraid he had not got the Things. He told me that he had, and put the Top of the Tweezer Case in my Hand, and jingled the other things in his Pocket; and then he bid me come to morrow Night at the same Hour, and bring the Money, but let nobody come with me. So we returned home, and went again the next Night: but having some suspicion of the Prisoner, I sent two of my Friends, a little before, (without the Prisoner's knowledge) to watch if any body came to him. But neither of them are here. For one of them can't speak English, and the other (Mr. Costeau ) is now a Prisoner in the Fleet. We took Arms with us; but when we came to the Field, the Prisoner pretended to be afraid, and desir'd to have a Brace of Pistols. I let him have one, and bid him fire it off if the Man went to take the Money from him without delivering the Goods. So giving him the 10 Guineas, he went towards the appointed part of the Field, and we lay perdue. In a quarter of an Hour we heard the Pistol fir'd; upon which we ran towards the Place, and saw the Prisoner struggling with a Man. I took that Man to be the Thief, and was going to shoot him, but was afraid of killing the Prisoner. But when I came quite up to them, I found that Man was my Friend Costeau. We searched the Prisoner, and found a Guinea in his Pocket, he said the Man gave it him in goodwill. I ask'd him why he fir'd then? and he answer'd, because he saw 2 Men coming along. I ask'd him what he had done with the other 9? He said he had given them to the Man for the Goods. Mr. Costeau said, that no Man came to the Prisoner.
Court. You should have brought Mr Costeau hither by a Habea Crpus.
E. M. I have been at a considerable Charge already about this Affair - we went to the Salmon and Ball, and I told the Prisoner I suspected he had hid the Money in the Bank. He said, Do you think I would serve you so? But three of the Company took Links, and went back to see if they could find it. While they were gone the Prisoner call'd me aside, and said it was Necessity that drove him to do what he had done, and beg'd that I would not prosecute him; for if I did, he was ruined. I told him, his best way would be, to make a plain Confession; and then he own'd he had hid 9 Guineas in the Bank. Upon this we went out, and met the three Men coming back with their Links. The Prisoner desir'd the Links might be put out, or keep at a distance, and so he went to the Place in the Dark, and went into the Ditch, and brought out the Money.
Prisoner. Did not I describe the Man to be in a Lac'd hat and a Great-coat.
E. M. Yes; the first Night.
P. And the second Night, I told you which way he went, and that he was not gone 20 Yards off when you came up to me.
Mr. Dutems. I am a Jeweller, and Goldsmith. My Lord Harvey gave me a Family-Box to fit up. Mr. Manisire had it from me, and after sometime, he told me, it was lost. We advertised it; and the same Evening I received the Letter that was produced in Court. I sent my Servant with it to Mr. Manisire: But his Servant (the Prisoner) came, and told me his Master was not at home. I sent them both back to look for him, and at last they found him. We thought it was not  safe to send the Prisoner alone with 10 Guineas, for fear Somebody, who might have seen the Advertisement, might wait at the Place, and Rob him - I never mistrusted the Prisoner, because he always behaved well.


                  Isaac 
                  Dubois 
               



            . I went with the Rest to the Field. When we came near the Place, we sent the Boy (the Prisoner) before, and then we laid down on the Grass - It was about the middle of the Field. He went about half a Field's length, and returned in 6 or 7 Minutes. When he came to where we lay, he started, and said, O is it you? I have met my Chap; he was very civil, and said, young Man be civil to me, and I'll be civil to you It was not a foggy Night; for as we lay down, we could see the Hedges at a reasonable Distance: But we saw Nobody but the Prisoner. - The next Night, Mr Costeau and another Frenchman went beforehand to hide themselves in a Ditch, and we follow'd - We came to an Alehouse, and mark'd some of the Guineas unknown to the Prisoner, and then wrapt them in a Paper, and put them into his Stock, and so set forward. He told us we might go 2 or 3 Fields farther, till we came to the Bridge. I had one pair of Pistols, and his Master had another. I lent the Prisoner one of mine, and he went towards the Place, which was about 60 Yards off. He fired his Pistol, and we ran up. At first we scarce knew Friends from Foes. Mr. Costeau had got hold of the Prisoner, and said, Aye, you are the Thief. Says the Prisoner, I have got the Things, and the Man is gone over the Bar-gate that way. I follow'd, but it was Knee deep, and I could go no farther; and so we return'd to the Salmon and Ball. I was one of the 3 who first went back from thence, to look for the Money. And as we returned, the second Time towards the Alehouse, we met the Prisoner and the rest of our Company. Somebody said, the Prisoner had confest, and was going to fetch the Money; but he would have the Links put out, and so they were. Then he would do nothing before me and Mr. Costeau; upon which we staid at a little Distance, and the Prisoner went into the Ditch, where he hid himself. His Master call'd to us, Hist! Hist, we came forward, and he said, he believ'd he was gone. We call'd the Prisoner, but he would not answer; but at last his Master tumbled over him. Then the Prisoner said, he must have a Link, and I went back to the Ale-house and brought one. At my Return, Mr. Manisire shew'd me the Money, and I knew it to be the same by the Marks.


                  Peter 
                  Hiles 
               



            . At 9 at Night, my Master told me he had received a Letter, and sent me with it to the Prisoner's Master; but he was not at home. I told the Prisoner, the Thief was found, and he must meet him in the Shoulder of Mutton-Fields. He said, he would not venture his Life for his Master, nor never a Man in the World - At last he found his Master - I went with them that Night to the Salmon and Ball, and thence over 3 or 4 Fields; the Prisoner went before, and we lay down in the middle of the Field. He soon returned, and said it was no Bite, for he had met his Chap, who had shewn him the Top of the Tweezer-case, and chinked the rest of the Things in his Pocket. When I first came to the Place, says he, I walk'd about, and the Man came out of the Ditch, and walked about too; and then he said, young Man do me no Harm, and I'll do you none. Next Night we went again, and the Prisoner went a Field or 2 before us; and then he returned, and said, He was afraid, and desired us to come nearer, which we did; and he went forward again. In a little time he whistled, and fired a Pistol; upon which we all ran up, and a Man met me, and clapt a Pistol to my Breast. He did not know me in the dark, nor I him, till he spoke, and then I found he was one of the Frenchmen who went before hand to watch the Prisoner. Coming all into the Shoulder of Mutton-Path, Mr. Manisire searched the Prisoner, and found a Guinea in his Pocket; and when we came to the Salmon and Ball, we agreed to be searched all round, that no Exceptions might be taken, by searching some, and not others. After the Search, 3 of the Company would go back with Links, to see if the Prisoner had hid no Money in the Bank; and while they were gone, the Prisoner call'd his  Master aside into another Room. I don't know what Discourse they had together; but when they came out, we 3 likewise went to the Shoulder-of-Mutton-Fields to look for the Money. We met the other 3 with Links, and the Prisoner desired they might be put out, which was done; and coming near the Place, there was a Farmer with a Lanthorn looking for the Money too; for I suppose he had heard something of the Matter. Mr. Manisire beckon'd for the Farmer to go away; and then beckon'd me to go away too, which I did, and left them in the dark.
Prisoner. The Things were lost on Friday Morning. I advis'd my Master to get some Bills printed for the stopping them. He did not approve of this, but advertised them on the Monday following, and the same Evening Mr. Dutems receiv'd a Letter, to send me or the Girl to meet the Man in the Field. I went with my Master and several others; but they stopt on this side the Place appointed, and sent me forward. When I had walk'd about for 2 or 3 Minutes, a tall thin Man in a laced Hat call'd to me, and said, I believe you are the young Man - have you brought the Money? No, says I. Why so? says he. Because, says I, my Master is afraid you have not got the Goods. Yes, but I have, says he, for here they be; and with that he put a Part of them in my Hand, and bid me come next Night and bring the Money, and be sure to come alone. So I went back to my Master, and we all went home, and came again next Night. My Master proposed, that I should give the Thief 10 Counters instead of Guineas; but I was afraid the Thief would discover the Cheat, and so my Life would be in Danger, and therefore I would not undertake it. Then my Master gave me ten Guineas: But as I went along, I began to consider, that my Master would be very glad to save his ten Guineas, and so I hid 9 Guineas in the Bank, and gave the Thief 10 Counters, and he return'd me one for my Civility.
Court. Was any Counters found upon the Prisoner when he was search'd.
Mr. Dubois. I found no Counters about him.
Mr. Manisire. Nor I, and yet we searched him every where; all his Pockets, his Coat, Shoes and Stockings, after we had found one Guinea, in hopes of finding the Rest.
Court. The Prisoner gives a good Reason for refusing to impose the Counters upon the Thief, for he says, he was afraid of a Discovery; and this appears natural; but it's by no means natural to suppose, that this Terror should vanish, and his Mind should change so suddenly. And it's very unaccountable, that he should hide only 9 Guineas in the Bank: If he did it for Security, why did he not hide all the 10? And if he intended to return the Money to his Master, why did he so long conceal where it was, and pretend he had given it to the Thief?
Prisoner. When I had concluded to impose upon the Thief, by giving him Counters instead of Guineas for the Goods, I confess, that, having such an Opportunity, I did design afterwards to defraud my Master of the Money, and therefore I put one Guinea in my Pocket, to make believe, that I had really given the Thief the Money, (tho' I gave him only the Counters) and that he had return'd me that Guinea for my Trouble.
Mr. Bowen. The Prisoner was my Scholar, I have known him 4 Years. I taught him Writing and Arithmetick, and he always behaved very well and deservingly.
Juryman. Pray my Lord let the School-master see the Letter.
Mr. Bowen. I don't take this to be his Writing. 'T is nothing like what he wrote when he was with me.
Court. No doubt but a Person would disguise his Hand on such an Occasion; but sure you can distinguish betwixt a natural and a feign'd Hand - Do you think this is natural?
Mr. Bowen. I can't say as to that.
A great many Witnesses appear'd to the Prisoner's Reputation, and gave him a very good Character.
Court. To Mr. Manisire. Did you ever propose to deliver the Counters to the Prisoner.
Mr. Manisire. No; I did not, but some such Thing was mentioned.

Mr. Dubois. It was I who propos'd it, upon which the Prisoner said, he would not go for the World. Then said his Master; well, give him 10 Guineas. Pray don't go to deceive me now, says the Prisoner, for it may be of very ill Consequence.
The Jury found him 


               Guilty to the value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


