






27, 28. 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Hoards 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Chess 
                  



                
             of St. Mary Whitechappel



, were indicted for 


               stealing 32 Yards of Ribbon, value 5 s. and one Silk Petticoat value 5 s
            . the Goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Allen 
               



            , the 19th of February
.


                  Sarah 
                  Allen 
               



            . I keep a Shop in the Change at Rag fair, 'tis a Place like Exeter Exchange


; I had taken notice of the old Woman (Chess) for I was always robb'd when she pass'd my Shop; when this Fact was committed, the young one (Hoards) was with her; and it was she that took my Ribbon; I clapp'd upon her and took it out of her Apron, not half a Yard from my Counter.


                  Sarah 
                  Allen 
               



            . I saw Mrs. Allen take the Ribbon out of the young one's Apron, and the old one ran away


                  Barbara 
                  Allen 
               



            . I saw my Neighbour take One piece out of her Lap, and I took out another.


                  Abraham 
                  Rayner 
               



            . I am Constable: The two Allens charged me with the young one, but Cock-eye (the old one) got off. I told her as she was going to Newgate, it would be better for her. If she would tell us where we might take Cock-eye, but she would not consent to her being taken. But the Night after, I being upon the Watch saw her in the Watch-house; O says I, you are Cock-eye, are you not? She said she was not, but at last I found she had been taken up, and left with us, for safety 'till next Morning.
Hoards 


               Guilty 10 d.
             and Chess 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


