







                     Thomas 
                     Ward 
                  



               
            , of Hampstead


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Purse, 1 Moidore, 1 Broad Piece, 2 Guineas, a half Guinea, and 6 d.
             the Goods and Money of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Wayman 
                  




                
            , the 10th of October
 last.


                  William 
                  Whitnell 
               



             . I help'd Mr. Wayman on his Horse at the Bell at Kilburn , about Four o'Clock on Sunday Morning, he was Drunk, and he paid his Reckoning a little before, and I saw him have a Green Purse with Gold in it.


                  John 
                  Rush 
               



            . I and two more found Mr. Wayman lying in the Road about a Mile from Kilburn , he was black in the Face, and stone Dead; we searched his Pockets, and found his Watch ('twas then past 6 o'Clock) and 2 s. but no Purse, nor Gold.


                  Joseph 
                  Edwards 
               



            . The Prisoner was committed to New-Prison on Suspicion of murdering and robbing Mr. Wayman. I saw him there, and he said he was innocent of the Murder, but own'd he took the Money, which was 5 l. 2 s. 6 d. and threw the Purse away for fear it should betray him. Was he Dead, says I; no, says he, for he rattled in the Throat, and I thought I might as well take the Money as leave it for another.


                  Thomas 
                  Finch 
               



             . Going from London on Sunday Morning, I met the Prisoner at Hounslow-Whelm , beyond Paddington-Hill, between Five and Six; and two or three Miles farther I found the Deceased lying in the Road. When the Prisoner was before the Justice, he at first deny'd that he met me, but afterwards confess'd it, and that he found the Deceased on the Road. I ask'd if he was Dead, he said, no, he guggled in the Throat ; and how, says I, could you leave your Fellow-Dumb-Creature in that Condition ? He made no answer to that, but said he found the Purse 2 or 3 Yards from the Deceased; and taking out the Money, threw the Purse on the Dunghill; I went with him to the Dunghill , and found it.
Prisoner. As I was coming from Stanmore towards London, I found the Deceased lying in the Road, I thought he was only Drunk, but raising him up, I found he was Dead, and going a few Yards further, I kick'd a Purse before me; I took it up, and emptied it, and then threw it on the Dunghill; the Jury found him 

               Guilty
             of the Indictment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


