








5. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bradley , alias 
Brudenell




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing in the Parish of St. George Hanover-Square




, a Silver-Spoon, and a Silver Nutmeg-grater
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ellis 
                  



                
            , Widow


, the 25th of February


 last.


                  Ann 
                  Rose 
               



            . Between 8 and 9 in the Morning, the Prisoner came to Mrs. Ellis's House in Grosvenor-Street




, and order'd some Tea for my Lord Pembroke. She was left alone in the Room where the Tea-spoon and the Nutmeg-grater lay, and they were miss'd soon after she was gone.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Ellis 
               



            . After I had lost my Goods, the Prisoner was taken up by my Ld Pembroke's Steward, for stealing a Lac'd-head, and when she was before the Justice I got a Warrant to search her Room in the Hay-Market, and there I found this Tea-spoon; she own'd that she had pawn'd a Nutmeg-grater.


                  Edward 
                  Hodges 
               



            . The Prisoner brought this Grater to my Father's House, and I lent her 4 s. on it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Ellis 
               



            . The Grater and Spoon have no Marks, and therefore I wont take upon me to swear they are mine.


                  Ann 
                  Rose 
               



            . I believe the Spoon to be my Mistress (Mrs. Ellis's) and I know the Grater to be hers by these Dents.
Prisoner. The Spoon and Grater were my own, as well as a great many other handsome Things that I had about me, for I am none of your poor beggarly inferior sort of People. The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d.
            

5. Mary Bradley was a 2d time indicted for 


               stealing in the Parish of St. James's Westminster




, a Cambrick Head Laced, value 10 l. and a Laced Tucker, value 40 s. the Goods of the Right Honourable 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Earl
 of Pembroke


                  , in his House
            , the 24th of Feb


. last.


                  Catherine
                   Fitz-Williams
               



            . On the Friday before the last Birth-Day, as I was at Work at Mrs. Laserre's, the Prisoner came in, and pulling this Brussel Lace Head and Tucker out of her Pocket, she ask'd Mrs. Laserre if she knew any Body that would buy it; she said the Price was 14 Guineas, and that she had it from Mrs. Weaver, my Lady Shelurn's Woman. Mrs. Peach, my Lady Pembrok's Woman hearing of it, came to Mrs. Laserre's, and said, her Lady had lost a Head. Mrs. Laserre sent me to the Prisoner to tell her that a Gentlewoman waited to see the Head, and if she liked it, and the Price, she might be a Customer. I went and fetch'd it, and Mrs. Peach said, she'd swear that that was her Lady's Head; she put it in her Pocket, and went with me to the Prisoner, who told her the lowest Price was twelve Guineas.


                  Catherine 
                  Peack 
               



            . I went with Mrs. Fitz. Williams to the Prisoner's Lodgings, under pretence of buying the Head. I hear, says I, that you have a fine Head to dispose off; Yes, says the Prisoner. And what's the Price? Twelve Guineas. Will not Eight do? No. Then the Constable (who waited below) came up.
Prisoner. I went to see a Gentlewoman of my Acquaintance, who gave me the Head to dispose off for her. I knew of no Body so proper to apply to on that Occasion as Mrs. Laserre my Mantua-maker, and I told her who I had it from. Fitz-Williams has known me these five Years.
Fitz-Williams. Yes, I have so, and I can't say that I ever knew any harm of her before. She told me that my Lady Shelburn was dead, and had left all her Cloaths to her Woman, from whom she had this Head.


                  Hannah 
                  Williams 
               



            . The same Day that the Head was lost, and a little before we miss'd it, the Prisoner came to my Lord Pembroke's House, and ask'd for Mrs. Peach, my Lady's Woman, and I directed her Upstairs.
Court, to the Prisoner. Have you any Witnesses ?
Prisoner. Yes, but I have had no Opportunity of sending for them. I happen'd to get out of Newgate before last Sessions, and since I was taken again, I have been kept close Prisoner in the Condemn'd Hold, and none of my Friends have been allowed to come to me.
Court. Then you have broke Jail it seems. The Keeper had reason to take Care of you.
Prisoner. Broke Jail! No, I only went out.
Mr. Nichols. She made her escape, disguis'd in the Cloaths of a Woman who came frequently to her in Prison. She was taken up for another Felony, and we secur'd her in the Condemn'd Hold; but none of her Acquaintance were deny'd the Liberty of speaking with her. The Jury found her 


               Guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            

6. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Holms , alias 
Pratt




               
            , was indicted, and Mary Brudenell, alias Bradley, was a third time indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        James 
                        Jackson 
                     



                   in White-Chappel Parish, on the 25th of April


 last, about Three in the Afternoon, his Wife 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Jackson 
                     



                   being then therein, and stealing a Silver Spoon, value 15 s. the Goods of a Person unknown; 3 Silver Thimbles, a Silk Handkerchief, a Cambrick Apron, and other Goods, and 3 Guineas, 2 half Guineas, and 35 s. the Goods and Money of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Jackson 
                        



.


                  Mary 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I keep a Linen Shop in White-Lion-street in Goodman's-Fields




, one end of the Street comes into Rosemary-Lane. The Prisoners came to Lodge at my House for a Day or two, pretending they were going to Holland with Captain Allen, and only waited for the Ship's Sailing. They were recommended to me by Mr. Baily, my next Door Neighbour. About Noon I had Occasion to look in my Drawers, and I saw my Money and Goods were there. I lock'd my Chamber Door, and came down Stairs. The Prisoners lay in the next Chamber to mine. In the Afternoon a Man came to them from Mr. Baily's, and went and fetch'd a Coach; they came down, and paid me 5 s. for five Days Lodging, and then they all three went into the Coach, and one of them bid the Coachman drive to St. James's-street. About Ten at Night I went up to Bed, and opening the Drawer to put some Money in, I found I had been Robb'd. The Spoon I had lost was none of my own, I had lent 10 s. on it.
Mr. Baily. I keep the White-Lyon Alehouse. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Maccartney 
               



             (with whom I had some Acquaintance) brought the Prisoners to my House to get a Lodging for them. Bradley went for the Mistress, and Holms for the Maid. The Mistress had (as she still has) a sort of a scurvy Humour broke out in her Face; she said it came by a Surfeit that she got with Dancing, and that she was going for Holland, to try if drinking the Waters at the Spaw would do her any good. I could not spare Lodging-Room at my House for any more than Maccartney, and so I recommended the Prisoners to Mrs. Jackson for a Bed; but they used to eat and drink at my House, for which in 5 Days they run up 18 s. I saw no Money they had till just before they took Coach, and then Bradley gave me 2 Half-Guineas to take my Reckoning, out of which I did, and returned her 3 s. Maccartney fetch'd a Coach, and he and the 2 Prisoners went in, and Bradley bid the Coachman drive to St. James's-street directly. As it happened, I took so much Notice of the Coachman as to know him again; he wore a blue Coat; he was lame in one Foot, and his Shoe was cut to give it Ease. About 10 at Night, Mrs. Jackson came and told me she was robb'd, and I went next Morning in search after the Coachman, and at last I found him at the Saracen's Head in Camomile-street. I ask'd him to what Place he drove those two Women and the Man? he said at first that he did not care to tell me, because they had charged him not to let me know, if he happened to see me. But after a little Talk with him, he said, Well, Master, you look like a good honest Man, and if you'll give me a Pot I'll tell you. I call'd for a Pot of Beer, and then he told me, that when he had carried them a little way, they order'd him to drive to Billinsgate, where they took Water for Greenwich. I told Mrs. Jackson of this, she went with me, and we found out the Waterman who carried them, and went with him to Greenwich. He brought us to the Porter who had help'd them to a Lodging. Mrs. Jackson went to a Justice for a Warrant, and as she was coming back, Maccartney happened to see her, upon which he ran to the Waterside, took Oars for London, and escaped. We went to the Prisoners Room, and met with 'em both. We searched 'em, but could find nothing about 'em that Mrs. Jackson could swear to but this Shilling.

Mrs. Jackson. I know this Shilling to be Part of the Money that I lost out of my Drawer ; it looks blackish, I suppose it had lain in Gun-powder before I took it; I remember I scupled it and made this Scratch to see if it was good, and besides, here's a little Dent just by the Edge.
Bradley, the Prisoner. After I got out of Newgate. I met with Holms, and we went to a Friend's House, and enquired for a Lodging. A Woman who was there told us, that her Brother Macartney had an Acquaintance who kept an Ale-house, in White-Lyon-street, by Rag-Fair, at which House she believed we might lye; but when we came thither, there was not Room for us, but Mr. Baily, the Man of the House, provided us a Lodging at the Prosecutor's, who lived next Door to him. Mrs. Holms and I had agreed to go to Holland with Capt. Allen, but while we waited for the Ship's setting Sail, we happened to quarrel, and she threatned to tell Mrs. Jackson that I came out of Newgate, upon which I was resolv'd to leave that Lodging.
Court. Why did you at first order the Coachman to go to St. James's, and as soon as you were got out of the Prosecutor's Hearing, bid him drive to Billingsgate ?
Bradley. Because at first Mrs. Holms intended t o go to her Sister in St. James's, but soon after she chang'd her mind, and was willing to go with me. The Jury 

               acquitted
             Holms, and found Bradley 


               guilty to the Value of 1 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


