





1. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Dolphin 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two Gold-rings, value 35 s. a Silk-gown, val. 7 s. two Petticoats, val. 7 s. and 9 s. in Money, the Goods and Money of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Bromfield 
                        




                      
                  , in her House
            , Oct. 15
.
Elizabeth Bromfield. I keep a House in Bell-Yard in King's-street, Westminster


, where I sell Greens and Fruit
. I keep the Lower-part for my own Use, and lett all the Rest. This Woman robb'd me of all that I had in the World, and did not leave me so much as an Apron or a Cap to put on. About 6 in the Morning, I lock'd my Door, and took the Key in my Pocket, and went out to Covent-Garden-Market to buy some Apples, and returning, between 7 and 8, my Door was broke open, and my Silk-gown, and Quilted-petticoat, and two Gold-rings, and 9 s. were gone, I expected (suspected) the Prisoner had done it, because about two Months before this, she had robb'd me of a Flannel-petticoat, and 15 s. for which I had her sent to Bridewell for six Weeks. I could not find her again 'till about a Month ago, when she came to see 
               
                  Tho 
                  Tovey 
               



            's Wife, who lodges in my House, and Mr. Tovey stopt her. I tax'd her with robbing me, and she confess'd it, and told me, she had sold one of the Gold-rings to Mrs. Bennet, for 16 s. 10 d and the other to another Person for 18 s.


                  Catherine 
                  Bennet 
               



            . The Prisoner lay three Nights at my House, about four Months ago; she had nothing to eat nor drink, and so she left a Serge-coat with me for Lodging, and Bread, and Small-beer; and afterwards she told, she had left her Mother's Wedding-ring in pawn for Half a Guinea, and Six-pence Use, and ask'd me to buy it, and said I should have it as cheap as any Body. I told her, I would give as another, and so I carry'd it to a Goldsmith, who weigh'd it, and said it came to 16 s. and he would give no more; whereof I gave her 16 s. 10 d. for it, and here it is.
Prosecutrix. This is the Ring I lost.
Prisoner. Did I pawn the Ring?
Bennet. You said your Husband pawn'd it.
Prisoner. Did I ever wrong you?
Bennet. No.


                  Jane 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I live in Bow-street - some call it Thieving-Lane, in Westminster. The Prisoner lay two Nights at my House, and pawn'd this Quilted-Petticoat, with me for Victuals; she said it was given her by her Sister on London-Bridge, and she never wrong'd me. The Jury found her 


               guilty to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


