








                     Thomas 
                     Rayner
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Smith
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew's Holborn



 were indicted for 


               feloniously stealing 4 Brass Dog-Collars, a Bell, some Metal Buckles and Buttons
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Moreton
                  




               
            , the 1st of this Instant October
.
The Prosecutor depos'd, That he keeping a Stall, and selling Cutlery Ware in Holbourn




, found his Stall broken open in the Morning, and miss'd his Goods, but knew not who had stolen them, till he saw them, and the Prisoners in the Round-House.


                  Hugh 
                  Farnsworth
               



             depos'd, That he seeing the Prisoners (who were two young Boys) about 8 o'Clock in the Morning coming from the Brick-Kiln-Yard, and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smith
               



             ringing a Bell, he asked him, If he would sell it? To which he reply'd Yes, Master, and I have other Things to sell, shewing him a Box with some Buttons, &c. in it, that examining how they came by them, they pretended they had bought them for 6 d. at the Pindar of Wakefield , but he suspecting them, went to enquire, and not meeting with any Confirmation, he went into Holbourn, and put them into the Custody of an Officer, Smith at last owned he had broken open the Prosecutor's Stall, but said that Thomas Rayner was not with him at stealing the Goods. The Fact being clearly proved against Robert Smith, the Jury found him 


               Guilty to the Value of 10 d. 
            but there not being sufficient Evidence against Thomas Rayner, he was 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


