







                     John 
                     Kent 
                  



               
            , of Alhallows Lombard Street


, was indicted for 


               feloniously stealing six Pair of Worsted Stockings, and 12 Pair of Thread Stockings
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bell 
                  




                
            , the 12th of December
 last.


                  Edward 
                  Fog 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner was Servant to a Barber
 in the Neighbourhood, and call'd him out to go to an Alehouse at the Goat and Gate in Gracechurch-Street , and bid him lay six Pair of Worsted Hose, and twelve Pair of Thread Hose at the Cellar Window, which he said was to pay off a Note of Hand for 30 s. which the Prisoner had induced him to give, for his Use, he pretending he wanted Money to pay his Rent; that he ask'd him, where his Master and Mistress would be that Evening? and he told him, they would be out of Town. That Shop being shut, he laid the Stockings in the Cellar-Window, as directed, and about 6 o'Clock the Prisoner came, and reaching his Hand down, took up one Bundle, and said, Tomlinson's Folks saw him, that then he took the other Bundle, and went away; being ask'd, how long the Prisoner had carried on this Practice with him? He said, since July last was twelve Months, and that he had given his Master an account of Goods he had had of him from time to time, value 30l. but he had since remembered more, and that if at any time he was unwilling to furnish him with what he spoke for, he would threaten him to inform his Master of what he had done before.


                  Mary 
                  Edwards 
               



             depos'd, That she being Servant to Mr. Tomlinson, who liv'd over-against the Prosecutor, did see the Prisoner take the two Bundles of Stockings out at the Cellar-Window, and spoke of it, so that it came to the Prosecutor's Knowledge.


                  Peter 
                  Budge 
               



             depos'd, That when the Prisoner was brought before the Prosecutor, he said, Mr. Bell, you don't desire my Life, you shall have your Stockings again, and own'd that there were five or six dozen of Hose pawn'd at Mr. Clark's in Goodman's-Fields.


                  John 
                  Grant 
               



            , a Ticket-Porter, depos'd, That the Prisoner had sent him several times with Letters to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Fog 
               



            , and also had sent a Handkerchief full of Stockings by him, home to his Wife.
Several Pair of Silk Stockings were produc'd in Court, and sworn to be the Prosecutor's, which had been pawn'd by the Prisoner, or his Wife.
The Fact being plainly prov'd, the Jury found the Prisoner 

               guilty
             of the Indictment; and the Court commanded the Pawn-Broker, to let the Prosecutor see his Books, and return him all his Goods, that the Prisoner, &c. had pawn'd to him.




[Transportation. See summary.]


