





63. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Macdonald 
                  



               
            , of St. George's Hanover-Square


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           Simon 
                           Burton 
                        




                      
                  , M D
 about the Hour of Three in the Night, and stealing a Cloth Coat laced with gold Lace, value 20 s. a Cloth Waistcoat, value 21 s a Pair of Buckskin Breeches, value 10 s. and a Frock value 7 s.
            
August 1
.
Christopher Green. I am Dr. Burton's Coachman, My Master's Stables are in Bartlet-street, and they join to his Dwelling-house in Dover street


. The Stables are at the End of his Gardens, and the Prisoner got over the Wall into the Garden, and so into the Stables, where I was abed, and my Cloaths lying by me, he drest himself in them and was taken with them upon his Back, about Three o'Clock in the Morning.
Q. Which way did he get into the Stable?
Green. Thro' a Sash Window. I waked just as he had drest himself in my Cloaths, and cry'd - who's there! upon that he jump'd out at the Window; I open'd the Door and took him directly.

- Nuttal. I am a Watchman, and was calling the Hour, - 'twas past Three o'Clock, when Christopher Green call'd me to assist him. I saw the Prisoner jump thro' the Window; Green seiz'd him and order'd me to take Care of him. He had the Man's Coat, Waistcoat and Breeches upon him. I asked him how he came to take the Things? And he told me, - the Devil put it into his Head.
Another Witness confirmed the former Depositions.
Defence.
I know nothing how it came about. I was looking for Work about Three o'Clock in the Morning and these Men took me.
C Yes, - they took you in that Man's Cloaths. 


               Acquitted of the Burglary, guilty of the Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


