






12, 13. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Turner 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Evershet 
                  



                
            , of St. James's Westminster



, were indicted for 


               stealing 4 Brass Locks, value 4 l. 4 Keys, value 2 s. 16 Brass Screws, value 2 s. and 4 Brass Box Staples, value 2 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        Borlace 
                        Webb 
                     




                   , Esq
; in his House
            , Sept. 19
.


                  John 
                  Young 
               



            . I keep a Coffee-House in Malborough-Street, in St. James's. Mr. Webb had a House to be Lett, in Great-Marlborough-Street


, and lost the Care of it to me. The Prisoner Turner came and told me, that he wanted to see the House, for a Gentleman of his Acquaintance having a mind to take one thereabouts. I told him the Painters were at work there, and they would let him see it.



                  William 
                  Londall 
               



            . I and my Son-in-law were doing the Painter's work in Mr. Webb's Back-house. There's a Garden betwixt the Back-house and the Fore-house. The 2 Prisoners came and desired to see the Fore-house, I told 'em they might go in, and they went; but soon after they were gone, says I to my Son, I have something comes upon my Mind, that these are not honest Men, is there any thing loose about the House that they can take away? There's nothing, says he, but the Brass Locks that lie in the Window. So I went after them, but they were gone; I saw the Chain was taken off the Street-Door. I presently open'd the Door, and looking out, I saw them both running down the Street. I call'd to my Son, he jump'd down from a Scaffold 12 Foot high, and came running to me. He look'd in the Window, and by God, says he, they have got the Locks! we pursu'd them to Tyburn-Road, crying out, stop Theif! stop Red-Coat and Blue-Coat. They run hard, and at the turning a Corner, they dropt a Bag with the Locks in it, and were soon after taken.


                  Joseph 
                  Holdsworth 
               



            . I and my Father-in-law, pursu'd them down Poland-Street, in Tyburn-Road. They run into Chappel-Street, and just as they had turn'd the Corner, I heard the Locks fall. I cry'd stop Thief, and Turner was stopp'd by Mr. Stanton, who was drinking at the 
               
                  George Alehouse 
                  Door 
               



            , in Chappel-Street. Eversbet run down a Coach-Yard, and hid himself. We found 2 Brass-Locks on the Dunghill, and his Red-Coat was lying upon the Little-House. After some search we found him in a Hay-Loft.


                  George 
                  Stanton 
               



            . I was sitting on Horse-back at the 
               
                  George 
                  Door 
               



            , when Turner came running along in a Blue Rug-Coat, I saw him drop the Bag from under his Coat. I quitted my Horse and took him.


                  William 
                  Beaumont 
               



            . I was with Mr. Stanton, I took up the Bag, and I swear that this is one of the Locks that was in it.


                  John 
                  Young 
               



            . And these are all Mr. Webb's Locks.
The Defence of the Prisoners.
Prisoners. We are Painters by Trade, and went to see the House, and while we were in it, some People coming by, and reading the Bill at the Door, they desir'd to see it too. We told them they might and welcome, for it would not do for us, and so we let 'em in, and left them there.


                  John 
                  Coventry 
               



            , Painter. The Prisoners have both work'd for me: they have been trusted in Gentlemen's Houses, and I never heard any Complaints of them.
The Jury found them 


               Guilty to the value of 4 s. 10 d.
             each.





[Transportation. See summary.]


