





48. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Humphries 
                  



               
            , Plaisterer
, was indicted for 


               stealing 200 hundred weight of Lead, fixt to the Freehold of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Hackshaw 
                        




, in Hoxton Square


, Feb. 16
.


                  Thomas 
                  Mead 
               



            . On Saturday Morning, my Wife told me, as she came by Mr. Hackshaw's empty House, which is but 3 Doors from mine, she saw the Bar of the Cellar-door loose. Then, says I, some Rogues have been stealing the Leaden-sink in the Kitchen. That would be worse, says she, than when they stole the Pipes a Year ago. As I had the Key of the House, I went to examine how it was; I found the Lead of the Sink was taken out, and laid upon the Floor ready to be carried away. O, thinks I, the Gentlemen will come to fetch it at Night, and I can't do less than to give them a Welcome. So I spoke to 
               
                  Robin 
                  Ballance 
               



             to bring his Gun and to sit up with me that Night, which he did. I went out about 12 but found nothing stirring. I went again in less than an Hour and heard a ticking in the Cellar, and by and by a light was struck. I goes home to my Wife - Her Name is Nanny, says I, now my Chaps are in the House, but call the Watch - I warrant you the Rogues have got Pistols, if they have, says I, we'll send the Dog in first and he won't value their Pistols, for he don't know a Pistol from a Broom-stick. Then Bob shall go with his Gun, and Fire upon them, and I'll hide myself behind the Door, till the Danger is over. But all this wou'd not make her easy. And so being willing to obey my Wife's orders, I ran to the Watch as fast as if I was running for an Estate, and brought them with me: But when we came to the Door they were so full of their good breeding, that they stood disputing who should enter first: I was vext at it, for I thought their Noise would alarm the Rogues within, and so it proved, for presently I heard a Window slap to. Now, thinks I, they have made their Escape Backwards, and I have watch'd all Night for nothing. So I push'd in foremost, and ran into the Kitchen; I saw no Body at first, but looking into the Closet, there stood the Prisoner, squeez'd in a Corner bolt upright, with a Plaisterer's Lathing-hammer in his Hand. I Knock'd him down, and catch'd him by the Collar as he fell. His Head run with Blood, and I was sorry to see it; but I thought it was better so, than he should serve me worse with his Hammer. I took the Hammer from him - Here it is - And this Knife, but it is not worth a Fill of a Farthing. When I had pull'd him out and secur'd him, the Watch came in to my Assistance. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


