





470. 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Goodyere 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five Portugal Pieces of Gold, val. 36 s. each, two Moydores, a Guinea and a Half-Guinea, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Summer 
                        




                      
                  , in the Dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Goodyere 
                     



, July 29
.
Richard Summer. On the 29th of July, as I was coming along the Devil's-Nook, - 'tis an Alley in Long-Lane, I met with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Goodyere 
               



            , so he and I went to drink together at the Green Dragon in Long-Lane: I had a Horse to dispose of, and he was to help me to a Chap who was to buy him, but they wanted me to take their Note for the Money. After we had talked a while about the House they told me they could help me to the Watch I had lost*, and if I would> give him a Guinea, they would get it directly: Upon this Account I went to Goodyere's House, between Seven and Eight o'Clock in the Evening, and there was the Prisoner and two other Women. We fell to drinking Gin, and after we had drank a while, Richard Goodyere began be quarrelsome, and said he believed I had not Money to pay the Reckoning, I pull'd out my Bag, to shew them that I had Money, and the Prisoner snatch'd it out of my Hand, and Richard flung me down, and I fell with my Head against a Chair, the Blow stunn'd me for some Time, and I got up as soon as I could, - but every Soul of them were ran away, there was no one left in the House but myself: They all ran over into the Marshalsea, where they had a Friend who took them in, and it was a Week before I could take them; there were three of them concerned, but I took only the two Goodyeres, and carry'd them before the Lord Mayor, where she said nothing at all, and he confess'd he had my Gold.
* See the preceeding Trial of Elizabeth Allen.
Prisoner. Ask him if he has not been robb'd, since?
A Gentleman. He has been simple enough to be robb'd of 70 l. since this.
Prisoner. Richard Goodyere was my Husband: He died in Goal, on this Account. Here's my Certificate.
Summer. They were a-bed together when they were taken, and I believe they said they were Man and Wife before the Lord Mayor.


                  Joseph 
                  Seares 
               



            . I received this Certificate from the Prisoner, as a Proof of her being marry'd.
The Certificate was read.
'' These are to certify, that 
               
                  Richard 
                  Goodyere 
               



            , '' Brewer's Servant, of St. Sepulchre's, Batchelor, '' and 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Watkins 
               



            , Widow, were '' marry'd in St. Sepulchre's Parish, in London, '' the 30th of July 1739, according to the '' Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of '' England, as appears by the Register in the '' Custody of '' W. WIAT, Minister.''
Summer. But I am sure I was robb'd the 29th of July. She took the Money out of my Hand the 29th, and I charge her only, with taking it in the Warrant: I am positive she is the Woman. I saw her (I believe) once before, in Smithfield; she is a remarkable Woman, and is a little humpback'd.
Prisoner. Ask him if he did not ask my Husband to give him some of the Money again, and if he did not tell him he had none of it?
Summer. I did ask him to give me some of it again, before he was committed; I should have been glad to have got some of it again. 


               Guilty, 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


