





59. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Stavel 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Watch, value 5l. a Stone Seal set in Brass value 6 d. a Watch-string, and a Handkerchief, from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Percival 
                           Luttock 
                        




, on the 21st of March
.


                  Percival 
                  Luttock 
               



            . The Prisoner pick'd me up by James Street, Covent-Garden


, about 8 at Night; She was very busy with me in the Street, and I felt her take my Watch, and ask'd her what she meant by that: She said, if I would give her a Shilling, I should have it a gain: While I was feeling for a Shilling, she ran into a Brandy shop, and up Stairs: The People of the House would not let me follow her, so I came Home and got two or three Friends to take her up: Before the Justice she own'd she had sold the Watch at a Brandy-shop in Tyburn-Road for a Guinea and a half, and there it was found.
Prisoner. He gave me the Watch to do something I don't care to mention; he pick'd me up, I would not tell you so many Lies for nothing.


                  John 
                  Pyke 
               



            . The young Man came Home, and told me he had lost his Watch; I found the Woman out, and took her before a Justice; she own'd she had sold the Watch to this Woman in Tyburn-Road.


                  Eliz.
                   Swinney
               



            . The Prisoner told me she found the Watch wrapt up in a Handkerchief. I bought it, and gave a Guinea and a half for it.


                  William 
                  Barling 
               



            , Constable. She confess'd she had pawn'd or sold the Watch, and that she was very much fuddled, when she took it from him.
Prisoner. He pick'd me up, and carried me to a House, and was to give me five Shillings if I would do as he bid me, but he would not give me the Money first; for he said he had been bit a great many Times; but he would let me hold the Watch till he paid me: When he had done what he had a Mind to do, he would not give me the five Shillings, and I would not give him the Watch; he said I might go, for he knew me. 


               Guilty single Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


