






61. 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Partridge , otherwise 
Pater-noster




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two silk Gowns value 10 l. eighteen Pair of Men's Gloves, and ten Pair of Womans ditto, and a Pair of Sheets, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Lawson 
                        



                      
                  , out of his Shop
            , January 2

.
Mrs. Lawson. Rents being high where I live, and I having but little Room, am oblig'd to lay my Cloaths and other Things upon Shelves in my Shop: The Gloves are Goods I sell in my Shop: I remember the Woman's coming in for a Farthing's worth of Thread, and that the Candle on the Shop was blown out. I lost about 30 Pair of Gloves, and the other Things mentioned in the Indictment.


                  Nathan 
                  Cokran 
               



            . I was in my Lodging in Black boy Alley in Chick-lane, the Evening the Fact was committed, and 
               
                  Kate 
                  Partridge 
               



             came to to me and asked me to go out with her to a Place where they could get some check'd Linnen, but her Arms would not be long enough: I went with her, and going alongg we saw this Shop, she went in for a Farthing's worth of Thread, and came out again. We waited at a little Distance 'till the woman was gone backward; then she blew out the Candle and brought out the Bundles; after that I went in, and brought out more, we carried them to her Room, and found two Silk Gowns, a Pair of Sheets, an odd Sheet, and about 30 Pair of Gloves. We sold all but the Sheets to Whitehead; for I wanted Sheets my self, and so I allowed the Prisoner half a Crown for her Share in them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Cockran 
               



            . I saw the Goods in Kate's Room; I ask'd my Husband how they came by them, and he said I had no Business with that. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            

She was a second Time indicted for 


               stealing two silk Gowns, one Cambrick laced Handkerchief, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Gabb 
                        



                      
                  ; and fourteen Yards of Burdet, a Pair of Stays and a Cloath short Cloak, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Bird 
                        



, January 13

. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


