










4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Andrews 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     King 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Hutchinson 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Isabel 
                     Walters 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Gutheridge 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Susan 
                     Anthill 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a silver Watch, value 3 l. and 3 s. in Money
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Eavley 
                  




                
            , August 16
.
Edward Eavley. I was coming from Black-Fryers about 1 o'Clock in the Morning, August the 16th, and I saw 
               
                  Alice 
                  King 
               



             in Ludgate-Street; I asked her the way to Cheapside: She said if I would give her a Dram she would show me. We went to a House in Black and White-Court, in the Old-Baily


, and she call'd for a Dram and bid me pay for it, it comes to 6 d. said she: I gave her a Shilling, and desir'd her to return me 6 d. but she would not: I made words about my 6 d. and presently the other 5 Women came about me, and I felt one of their Hands in my Pocket; Don't pick my Pocket says I; no, no, say'd they; but Susan Anthill, by Violence took the Watch out of my Pocket, and ran down half the Stairs, and jump'd the rest; I ran after her a little way and came back to the House, but I was obliged to cry out Murder before I could get out of it again, for all the Women were about me at once; One had her Hands about my Wast; another unty'd, and pull'd off my Apron, for I am a Porter
.
Q. And did not you Porter do very wisely to go along with these Women?


                  Alice 
                  Bunningham 
               



            . I was Servant in the House.
Q. And which of your Mistresses did this Man charge with stealing his Watch?
Bunningham. Susan Anthill ran down some of the Stairs, and jump'd all the rest, and out of Doors she went directly; but the next Day she told me, she had got the Porter's Watch, and that she had pawn'd it, but did not tell me where.
Prisoner Anthill. I was coming from the Bar that night, at half an Hour past 12, and I met this Woman and that young Woman, and I desired them to go make haste home and take care of my House: When I came home, I found my Door broke, my Maid drunk, and found that a Watch had been lost in my House. The Man told my Maid, he would give her a New Gown if she would swear against me, to transport me.
Q. How come you to have this Maid for your Evidence?
Eavley. This Man (the Beadle) will tell you.
Prisoner Anthill. This Man has had many a Shilling of mine.
Beadle. The Watchman at 2 o'Clock told me there had been a great Hubbub at Anthill's, I said 'twas a very disorderly House, and going down, we met Anthill. I told her if she suffer'd such doings at her House, she would soon he routed away. 'Tis my impudent Maid, says she, that is the Occasion of this; I am going home. When we came down, we found the Man stamping and making a Noise for his Watch; and before we were admitted, the Man cry'd out Murder: We made them open the Door, and he charged 4 Women with robbing him (Anthill was not then in the House:) We carry'd them to the Compter, and the next Morning before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Frocas 
               



            , who sent them to Newgate. He granted a Warrant for Anthill and her Husband; she absconded; but we afterwards took her in bed; and last Night we took her Husband, who offer'd the Prosecutor his Watch again for 2 Guineas. They keep a very bad House.
Q. Why did not you remove them?
Beadle. We have removed a sufficient Quantity of them already.
Anthill 


               guilty 10 d.
             all the rest 

               acquitted
            .










[Transportation. See summary.]


