





59. 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Ellard 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               privately stealing 18 s. 9 d. the Money of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Shipman 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            ; March 9
.


                  William 
                  Shipman 
               



            . On the 9th of March last between 9 and 10 at Night. I had been at Supper, and going to drink afterwards, a Neighbour came in and cried, Stop Thief! Shipman! upon that I ran to the Counter, and caught the Prisoner coming from behind it: I stopped him, and he said, he would swear a Robbery against me, if I offered to stop him. He struggled hard against me to get loose, and a Neighbour accidentally open'd the Door, else he had been gone from me, for I could not hold him. Then we secured him, and I sent for a Brother Constable, and searched him. I missed about 20 s. 3 three Pences or Groats, out of my Till, and before the Prisoner was searched I described the pieces that I had lost. I said there were about 20 s. and a half Crown among them, 2 King Charles's three pences, and a King William's three pence or Groat; accordingly when he was searched, this Money was taken out of his pocket, which appears to be the same that I described.
William Lane. The Prosecutor sent for me to take Charge of the Prisoner. I asked Shipman before I would search the Prisoner, what pieces he had lost? he said there were about 18 or 19 s. and a half Crown among them, and 3 three pences or Groats, one of which had a Hole in it. Upon that I asked the Prisoner what Money he had in his pocket; but he refusing to let me know, I searched him, and found a half Crown, 2 Groats, and a 3 pence besides other Silver.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Holmes 
               



            . I was coming into the Prosecutor's Shop to buy some Thing, and saw the Prisoner behind the Counter with his hand in the Drawer: upon that I called the Prosecutor, and he then said he was robbed.


                  John 
                  King 
               



            . I was going to my Neighbour's House between 9 and 10 that Night, and heard Theives cried out; and just as I got to the Door, it was shut. I forced in and took hold of the Prisoner's Collar, but he was so resty that we could hardly keep him from getting clear. When he found that we were determined to hold him, he fell to cursing and swearing in a prodigious Manner, and the Prosecutor being an Officer, I persuaded him to send for another , and when he came, I saw the Money taken out of the Prisoner's pocket.
Prisoner. The Money was my own, and I never was behind the Counter. 

               Guilty
             Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


