





19. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Eve 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Basket of Bread
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pagett 
                  




                
            , October 24
.


                  William 
                  Pagett 
               



            . My Lord, on the 24th of October I sent my Man out with Bread, one Half-Peck, 11 Quarterns, five Thee-Penny and two Two-Penny Loaves. About One o'Clock my Man comes Home, and told me that he had lost his Basket and Bread, but, says he, I have found the Thief; and I went into Duke's-Place, where the Prisoner was, and he said that he had bought the Basket and Bread for 18 d. and that he bought them of one in the Street; but after that he said, if I would not prosecute, he would give me what Money he had sold them for.


                  Thomas 
                  Basset 
               



            . I found the Basket and Bread upon this Man the 24th of October.
Q. How came you to lose it?


                  Thomas 
                  Basset 
               



            . I met with a Friend and went to drink a Pot of Beer, and left my Basket of Bread upon a Bulk in the Street, and I miss'd it in a very little Time; and as I knew Duke's-Place is a Place where they often sell Bread, I went down into Duke's-Place, and I found it upon him there, and I took him up, and charged a Constable with him; and then I came home for my Master.
Prisoner. Duke's Place is a common Market for Bread; and I saw him there, and said to him, what shall I give you for this Bread? There were four Quarterns, Three-penny and Two-penny Loaves. He said 20 d. but afterwards he took 18 d. for Basket and Bread, and I sold the Quarterns for Three-pence a Piece, and the Three-penny Loaves for five Farthings a Piece.


                  John 
                  Heart 
               



            . This young Man and I went to drink at the Bull Head


, and the Basket was pitched upon a Bulk; In a little Time he missed his Basket, and he knowing that there was oftentimes Bread sold in Duke's-Place, he says to me, let us strike down there, to see if we can't find it; and we went, and he saw him: This young Man challenges it, and lays hold on him, and he says that he bought it of one in the Street for 18 d.
Prisoner. Said in his own Defence, That he bought it at a Market Price. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


