






309. 310. + 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Jones 
               



              and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Moore 
                  



                
            , of St. George in Middlesex



, were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Watland 
                        




                      
                  , about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing two sheets, val. 2 s. a pillow case, val. 1 s. a towel, val. 2 d. two Harrateen curtains, val. 8 s. two vallens, val. 1 s. a quilt, val. 1 s. a blanket, val. 1 s. a copper kettle, val. 7 s. a ladle, val. 6 d. a pewter chamber pot, val. 1 s. two pewter porringers, val. 6 d. and a saucepan, val. 2 s.
             his property, July 28th
.


                  John 
                  Watland 
               



            . I am a Sawyer
, my house was broke open the 28th of July between 11 and 12 at night, the window shutters were cut away, and the bolts knocked off.
Q. How do you know this?

Watland. I was at Gray's in Essex when it was done, but my wife dreamed an ugly dream, that somebody had her gown on, and she came up to town; and when I came to town two or three days afterwards, I found that my house had been broke open, and my windows nailed up again. I left every thing fast when I went out of town.


                  Francis 
                  Crockett 
               



             . This Jones and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Moore 
               



             lived over my head. On Monday night the 28th of July, they came home about eleven o'Clock at night; I did not see them bring any thing in then, but they went out again, and returned in about a quarter of an hour, and she came in with a bundle, and he had a kettle and something in it that rattled. They left these things in his apartment, and went out again, and the third time they came in with some sheets and other things, and then the clock struck twelve.
Q. Did they bring a candle in with them then?
Crockett. No, she left a candle in the window the second time they were there. About five o'Clock they went out.
Q. Did they carry these things with them?
Crockett. No, but they were carried out of the house. I got up about seven o'Clock, and saw that the window shutters had been cut open, so that I could put my hand in between the two window shutters, (I made a complaint to the neighbours of it; for Watland always desired us or some of the neighbours to give an eye to his windows whenever we went by, when he was out of town) one pane of glass was broke, and the window shutter bedaubed with mud. The neighbours would have had me have taken out a warrant, but I did not care to do it till the Prosecutor came home. Jones went to Rag Fair to buy a bit of Salmon, and somebody who knew that I was going after him, bid him not come up the Lane; so when he saw me, he threw the Salmon away, and put the dish under his arm, and run away. I found under the head of the Prisoner's bed a large spike nail, a chissel, and this bunch of keys, [some of them were pick lock keys] I sent to Watland, but could not find out where he was. In about three weeks his wife came to town, and Jones confessed at Mr. Unwin's house that he broke Watland's house open about 12 o'Clock at night, but that he never should have done it if he had not been in liquor, and he owned the taking all these things.
Prisoner Jones. As to that man (Crockett) he was in an information a little while ago, when 
               
                  Richard 
                  Studder 
               



             was hanged. Mr. Unwin took him.
Prisoner Moore. I have nothing to say to him, he is so roguish, I do not know what to say to him.


                  Samuel 
                  Unwin 
               



            . On the 29th of July Crockett came to me, and said, there was a poor man's house broke open, and desired me to go with him to Jones's house, for he did not care to go without me, for fear of coming into trouble. I went with him, and in the Prisoner's room we found these things [a bunch of keys, a large spike nail, and a chissel] and a great part of the goods which the Prosecutor lost: I carried these things to my house, and in about three weeks time the Prosecutor and his wife came to town, and they came to my house; I fetched the things down, and Watland said, they were his. I had intelligence that Jones used to make it his constant practice to go to St. Paul's to pick pockets; so I went into the middle isle of the church, and saw the Prisoner pass by me: I did not rightly know him, but he saw the Prosecutor, and so turned back again into the Isle; I took hold of him and pulled him back, said I, is your name 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Jones 
               



            ? he said, no; said I, What is your name? He said, my name is Elmore; said I, you must come along with me. So I let him go, for I thought he would come along with me, and I was not willing to make a disturbance in the church; he run away, I cried out stop thief, and he was taken presently, and was carried to my house; he denied the fact for a considerable time, but afterwards he owned that he and Moore broke open the Prosecutor's house between twelve and one, and took the things that were missing, and said, he was sorry that he should hurt a man he knew, and one he knew to be poor. Jones 


               acquitted of the burglary, Guilty of the Felony
            . Moore 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


