






211. + 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Edwards 
                  , otherwise 
Lareman




            , of St. Martin's le Grand


, was indicted for 


               stealing six silver tea spoons, value 6 s. a pair of silver tea tongs, value 3 s. a silver strainer, value 3 s. a silver needle case with a silver thimble, value 5 s. a sattin gown, value 20 s. a cloth cloak, value 10 s. a laced hood, value 5 s. a gown, value 10 s. a duffel cloak, value 5 s. a pair of silk stockings, value 5 s. two pair of stockings, value 2 s. a bonnet, value 12 d. four shifts, value 10 s. six aprons, value 6 s. two lawn handkerchiefs, value 5 s. and two handkerchiefs, value 12 d. &c. the whole amounting to 6 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Brooks 
                        



                      
                  , and one piece of Holland wrought with needle work, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jennings 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Stephen 
                        Clarke 
                     



, February 23

.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Brooks 
               



            . The Prisoner was destitute of a place, and I employed her as a chairwoman, out of compassion, till she could get a better place. She was with us about three weeks. On the 23d of February she came between six and seven o'clock in the morning, in order to light the fire. I said who is that, Betty? She said yes, Madam. I asked her what o'clock it was, and she said between 6 and 7. I was in bed on the same floor, and gave her the key of the bed room for her to come into the dining room. - She could not get into the dining room without coming into the bed room; and she took that opportunity to rob me of these things. - Most of the things were in a chest of drawers, the spoons and some other things were lying in the room. I arose between eight and nine and went into the dining room, and found all these things missing, and that she was gone. I went to a neighbour to acquaint him with it, and he advised me to advertise it. The next day I put out an advertisement with two guineas reward, and the Monday following she was apprehended by a man in St. Martin's-lane by Charing-cross. My petticoat, shift, stockings, gown, cloak and bonnet, were taken from her by the Constable.
Q. Where did you get the rest of the things?
Brooks. She was so good as to tell me where they were pawned.
Prisoner. Did not you give me these things to pawn?
Brooks. I deny it, I never gave you any leave to do it; if I had, I would not have made any noise about it.



                  John 
                  Brooks 
               



            . February 23, the Prisoner came in between six and seven o'clock (as she said) I got up before eight, and the spoons, &c. were missing. I advertised them the next day, and took her in St. Martin's-lane; she had several of my wife's things on then. I had her before a Justice, and she was committed the next day. She told me where the rest of the things were pawned, and I went and found t hem.


                  Mary 
                  Bateman 
               



            . About seven o'clock that morning I was cleaning the stove. The Prisoner had got a bundle which she said she was to carry to the washerwoman's, and asked me where my mistress's washerwoman lived. I told her I could not tell. Then the Prisoner said, I have heard my mistress say she lived at the Naked Boy in Fleet street. - She said she must carry some things to be washed, and I saw her go out with a bundle and a bonnet on - I can't tell what she had in the bundle.


                  Samuel 
                  Goodwin 
               



            . The 23d of February between twelve and one, a woman, who I believe to be the Prisoner at the bar, came to Mr. Grubbs and brought six tea spoons, a pair of tongs, and a strainer: she was then dressed in a different manner; I believe she was dressed in Mrs. Brooks's clothes. - She was then in a scarlet cloak and a silk gown - I cannot say I know her; the week after, Mr. Brooks came with a note from the Prisoner to ask for these things. I showed them to him, and he owned them to be his - these are they.
- Freer. On the 24th of February, the Prisoner - I think it was the Prisoner, brought a piece of worked linen to me, a pattern for a gown, and I lent her half a guinea upon it, this is the linen.
Mrs. Brooks. This is Mr. Jennings's.


                  John 
                  Baldiston 
               



            . The 27th of February I took in this gown and a few particular things from the Prisoner at the bar - I am very sure I took them in from the Prisoner. Upon seeing an advertisement of Mr. Brooks's I went there, and Mr. Brooks and Mrs. Brooks declared them to be theirs - there was a velvet hood and a short cloak.
Mrs. Brooks. These are my things, I know this gown particularly, I believe it is not to be matched in London.


                  Alexander 
                  Cowan 
               



            . I went the 1st of March with a search warrant to one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis 
               



            's lodging, and found some linen, &c. then I went to Mr. Grubbs in St. James's market, and there found the tea spoons, tongs and strainer.
Prisoner. I carried them to Davis to be washed. - Davis was servant to Mr Heaths at the Rummer at Charing-cross. 


               Guilty 39 s
            .


                  Elizabeth 
                  Edwards 
               



            , otherwise Lareman, was a second time indicted for 


               stealing four yards and a half of plad, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Frasier 
                  



                
            , January 13

.
The Prosecutor was in Court, but as she was convicted on the former indictment, she was not tried upon this.




[Transportation. See summary.]


