





599. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Kelly 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one 36 s. piece, one guinea, one half guinea, and seven shillings in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cartwright 
                  




                
            , Oct. 1
.


                  Thomas 
                  Cartwright 
               



            . I live in Bishopsgate street


, the prisoner at the bar was my servant
, and going to bed the 1st of October about one in the morning, I felt in my pocket and found my money was safe then; I had a 36 s. piece, two guineas, one half guinea in gold, and 12 s. in silver. In the morning my wife got up and left me in bed, and some time after I heard somebody in my room, turned the curtain aside and saw the prisoner; I asked her what she wanted; she made me no answer, but went away; I got up immediately, and felt in my pocket in order to put my money up, I miss'd it and went down stairs; I mentioned it to my wife, I desir'd the prisoner to walk up stairs, into the one pair of stairs room, and ask'd her if she had not robb'd me; she said she had not; said I, I will search you. I found in her pocket a remarkable sixpence with a hole in it, which I knew I took over night; I search'd her box after she was sent to the Counter, (then Mr. Kitchen was by) and in it I found a pair of old stockings, and a dirty hussiff, in which I found wrapp'd up two 36 s. pieces, one guinea, one half guinea, and seven shillings in silver; the next day I took her before the Alderman, where she told me there was more money than was mine, after I had told her I had found the money in a box; saying one of the 36 s. pieces was her own: the 36 s. piece of mine was not weight, and had a mark on it by the side of the head, I weigh'd it and found it answer to the weight before.


                  John 
                  Kitchen 
               



            . I live near the prosecutor, he desir'd me to go up stairs with him to see the prisoner's box search'd, he told me of this last mentioned 36 s. piece, being mark'd, and what weight it wanted; it answer'd exactly, and I went with him to the prisoner and heard her acknowledge the fact.



               Guilty
             of Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


