






99, 100. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Slade 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cane 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               assaulting and robbing 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Steel 
                        




                      
                   of a hat, value 3 s.
            


Jan. the 8th
.


                  Joseph 
                  Steel 
               



            . Last Sunday night about 10 o'clock, the two prisoners with others in a gang, rush'd against me, and took off my hat and ran away with it; I saw my hat in Cane's hand and runing after him, got a fall; but I took such notice of him that I knew him again.


                  James 
                  Melisant 
               



            . Last Sunday Night I was at Exeter-Change with a light, to attend at Dr. Taylor's Sermon, one of the Prisoners desired me to go with him, I gave him a dram, we went to St. Giles's


, and propos'd to take the first man's hat we saw; meeting with Mr. Steel a little in liquor, says Slade to 
               
                  William 
                  Cane 
               



            , Off with it. Cane took off the hat, and he ran down the Coal-yard with it, I run across the way, and the other run the other way; there was a man with Mr. Steel, he laid hold of me, so I was taken; he brought me to the Constable, first of all I denied it, but at last own'd it, and directed them to the two prisoners.
Q. Do you tell the truth?
Melisant. I do indeed, my Lord.


                  Morris 
                  Philips 
               



            . Mr. Steel and I was taking a tankard of beer in Monmouth-street, he was in liquor, and I went to conduct him home; as we cross'd Drury-lane


 end these chaps follow'd us, and rush'd against us: I apprehended the ill consequence might attend it, and desir'd him to be on his guard; they rush'd against us a second time, one of them gave the word, and the hat was taken off immediately; one run one way, another another, and I took this man, the evidence, and he confess'd there were 26 more in a gang together.
Q. Did you find the hat?
Phillips. We did not search their lodgings, the prisoners confess'd the fact before the Justice, and it was taken in writing; they said, as we are to go to Newgate you shall not have the hat.




               Guilty of Felony but acquitted of the Robbery
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


