





116. + 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Graves 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Hat, val. 1 s. and a Peruke, val. 1 s. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Threlkeld 
                        




, December 2
.
John Threlkeld. I suppose (Gentlemen) I may be admitted to give an Account in full, from the Beginning to the Conclusion of the Fact. It was the 2d of December last. I was in Company with my Spouse, and was returning Home from a Visit at a Relation's House, about 10 o'Clock in the Evening; and turning into Swan-Alley


, we did not see many People walking, but yet we had no Suspence about being attacked, but as soon as we had got into the Alley, 2 russian-like Men entered, and came forward. They hurried, and whispered, which made me imagine they had some evil Design. My Dame was about 20 or 30 Yards before me, and they passed her, and me too. When I had overtook her, I asked her, if they had offered any Violence to her. She told me, no. I dare say (said I) they are ill-designing Men, and just as I had changed the Words with her, the Prisoner came behind me, (I heard his Step) and he forcibly pulled off my Hat and Wig, and ran cross the Way, and pushed under a Gate-way. He was about 3 Score or a Hundred Yards from me, but 2 Men coming down the said Alley, Passage, or Lane, clapped upon him. It was a Moon-shine-Night, and I never lost Sight of him, from the Time he took my Goods, till he was taken. He had then the same Cloaths on, that he has now, and I am sure he's the Man. One of the Witnesses took my Hat out of his Hand; the Wig he dropp'd near the Place where he made the Assault; I saw it, and passed it to follow him. But my Hat being taken upon him, I said it was mine, and it was return'd to me. Then we brought him down into a broader Place, and I found he had been bred up in the Neighbourhood, for the People came thronging out of their Houses, and said, - Ah! young Graves! you'll never leave off these Practices! When I heard he had been an old Offender, I was fearful of prosecuting him; some People bid me give him a Kick in the Arse, and let him go, but I could not tell what to do. I am positive he's the Man, I should know him, if it was 7 Years hence.
Prisoner. What did I say to you when I was stopped?
Threlkeld. He said, Indeed, Sir, I took you for one of my Acquaintance: Now this to be sure was very odd, because I cried out stop Thief, several Times, as he was running away.
Prisoner. What Time o'Night was it.
Threlkeld. Rather before 10 than after. I was a-bed before 11, and I had near three Quarters of a Mile to go Home.
Prisoner. 
               
                  David 
                  Nix 
               



             perswaded him to prosecute me.
Threlkeld. As to the Nature of his being apprehended and taken, that may be farther declared, and that the Prisoner has been an Evidence already. I know it from his own Confession, before the Magistrate. He made a Declaration of many Things, which the Justice said he would not take Advantage of. He insisted on being made an Evidence.
David Nix. I heard a Gentleman about 10 o'Clock at Night cry stop Thief! So I turned my self round, and saw the Prisoner run down the Passage, with a Hat in his Hand; upon which I laid hold of him, and said, Sirrah! I believe you have robbed the Gentleman! I took the Hat from him, and when the Gentleman came up, I asked him, if it was his Hat? He said yes, and he would swear to it. I told him, he might let the Fellow go, now he had got his Goods; but he bid me told him, and I did so, 'till the Mob rose and rescued him from me.
- Nix. When my Brother Nix laid hold of the Prisoner, he had one Hat on his Head and another in his Hand. I said, Sirrah! this is the Man's Hat. The Prisoner immediately begged for God Almighty's Sake we would let him go, else he was a dead Man. He has been an Evidence before.




               Guilty of the Stealing, but acquitted of that Part which charged the Prisoner with privately taking from the Person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


