





64. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Brown 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bennil 
                        




                      
                  , about 12 at night, and stealing 2 brass pots, 2 pewter dishes, 4 plates, and 3 pewter spoons, the goods of the said Bennil
            , June the 18th
.


                  John 
                  Bennil 
               



            . I live in the parish of Old Ford


. On the 18th of June last, my house was broke open, between the hours of 11 at night and four in the morning. Some large pantiles were taken off my brew-house, and a brass pot, 2 pewter dishes, 14 or 15 pewter plates, and a few spoons were taken away. The next night these men that are evidences, came to me and inform'd me they had got my goods and the man with them in Mile End watch-house. I went to the watch-house my self next morning, and found the Prisoner and my goods; and I ask'd him how he came by them, and he said he found them.


                  Henry 
                  Hollaly 
               



            . I was sent for to the sign of Why not beat Dragon at Mile End, to take charge of the Prisoner. I ask'd him how he came by the goods, and he told me he brought them from Chelmsford and was carrying them to Windsor. I took him to the watch-house, and one of our watchmen informing me that the Prosecutor had been robb'd, I and the man at the Why not beat Dragon went to him, and he came next morning and own'd his goods.



                  William 
                  Weston 
               



            . On the 19th of June, between nine and ten o'clock, I was coming from my master's house, and saw the Prisoner sit in the middle of the path with a brass pot under him. I and my fellow servant went to the Why not beat Dragon, and call'd for a pint of beer, and in the mean time 3 men came up, and then the Prisoner put the pots into the ditch, and flung himself across them. We then had a suspicion of him, and went and took him and the goods to the watch-house, where they were own'd by the prosecutor.


                  John 
                  Walker 
               



            . My fellow servant (the last witness) and I were coming from work, and seeing the Prisoner sitting on the pots, we pass'd him. He ask'd what o'clock it was, and my fellow servant told him it was between 9 and 10. Upon seeing him in so suspicious a posture we concluded to watch him, and went to the alehouse just by for a pint of beer. Presently 3 men coming up, I observ'd the Prisoner throw the pots into the ditch and fling himself across them. Upon this, we took him on suspicion of stealing them, and after having put him into the custody of the man at the alehouse, we took him to the watch-house.
Prisoner. I have the misfortune to have but one hand, and therefore can't be employ'd by every body. The day after this robbery was committed, I went down to Barking to a commander of a vessel with whom I had made several voyages, in order to be enter'd on board with him, and as I was returning to London, I turn'd out of the path, and found these things. It is morally impossible I could commit this robbery, for having lost my right hand, and having 2 great boils on my left, it is impossible I could carry them far. 


               Guilty Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


