





347. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jetter 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Piece of Gold Coin, call'd a Guinea, out of the Shop
             of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Morgan 
                  




                
            , on the 13th of April 1745
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morgan 
               



            .) What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Morgan. On the 13th of April last was a Twelve-Month I lost a Guinea; this Man, the Prisoner at the Bar, and another along with him, came into my Shop: My Wife had just receiv'd four Guineas, and push'd them up towards me to put them into the Till; but I was busy and the Prisoner put out his Hand and took up a Guinea: I saw him, but thought he would have put it down again. He withdrew himself as if he would go out, and said, you know I am an honest Man, I will soon return it; so he whipp'd away.
Q. Are you sure that he took the Guinea away?
Morgan. Yes, my Lord, I spoke to him when he was going away, and that was his Answer.
Q. How long was this ago? You say last April was a Twelve-Month.
Morgan. This Man, my Lord, was never to be found by me nor others that wanted to take him. I heard that the other Person went sometimes as his Servant, his Footman, and sometimes for his Son.
Q. What Time of the Night was it?
Morgan. About Ten o'Clock.
Q. What Shop do you keep?
Morgan. A Broker's Shop, my Lord.
Q. What did you sell there?
Morgan. Not much; sometimes I sell some Things. I went to several Places to enquire after him: I am positive this is the Man, I saw him at my House twice before, about a Fortnight before that Time.
Q. What Business did he follow?
Morgan. I never heard of any Business, besides taking of Houses and defrauding People; I never heard any other Character of him in my Life.
Court. (to the Prisoner.) You hear what this Man says.
Prisoner. This Man is a Pawnbroker, my Lord; I was oblig'd to pawn some Things about a Twelve-Month ago, and he lent me a Guinea more upon them about a Week after: I wanted a little more Money upon a Wig that cost me three Guineas. Ask him whether he did not lend me a Guinea more upon the Plate last Easter Saturday was a Twelve-Month; upon two Silver Spoons and a Silver Salt .


                  Q. 
               


            (to Morgan.) Had you any Plate of him in pawn? Was there any Money advanced as he speaks of?
Morgan . Not one Farthing at that Time.
Q. What did you advance at first upon the Plate?
Morgan. My Lord, I don't remember exactly what it was; but he had it again .
Q. When you was robb'd of this Guinea did you pursue the Prisoner?
Morgan. My Lord, I went to the Door, but I could not see where he was gone.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Morgan 
               



            .) What do you know of this Matter ?
Morgan. I know, Sir, he came to our House ; I was busy behind the Compter in receiving some Money. I shov'd some Guineas towards my Husband, and desir'd him to take Care of them; the Prisoner directly took up a Guinea and ran out .
Q. What Day was that ?
Morgan. Really, my Lord, I can't tell justify the Day, but it was about a Twelve-Month ago. My Husband went several Times after him, but could not find him.
Court. ( to the Prisoner.) This Woman says she was in the Shop at the Time when you took up this Guinea.
Prisoner. Her Husband said , let my Jetter have a Guinea more upon his Plate .


                  Francis 
                  Marshal 
               



            . The Prisoner has cheated me of 20 l.
[The Prisoner's Son appear'd in Court for his Father, who declar'd he was present in the Shop when he receiv'd the Guinea; and told a Sort of a Story that the Guinea was advanced to get up some Writings that they should gain great Advantage by; but he being concern'd in helping his Father to make his Escape out of Newgate, he was taken up and clapp'd in Irons; though at the breaking up of the Sessions the Court order'd him to be releas'd.]



               Guilty
            



               Transportation
            .
