





57. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Slade 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing a Cloth Coat, value 10 s. 6 d a Cloth Waistcoat, Value 5 s. a Pair of Breeches, Value 5 s. a Pair of Buckskin Breeches, Value 15 s 6 d. a Hat, Value 6 s. and a silk Handkerchief, Value One Shilling
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Marsh 
                  




                
             , December the 24th
.


                  Alice 
                  Lewis 
               



             . On the 24th of December I saw the Prisoner in a Room in Mr. Marsh's House; I was very much surprized, and ran down Stairs to call two Men who were at work in the Garden. When they came up, the Prisoner was gone out of that Room into the Garret, and these Goods were found lying about on the Floor; he attempted to escape out of the Chimney, but the Persons who came out of the Garden, pull'd him down.
Thomas Bridge. This 
               
                  Alice 
                  Lewis 
               



             called me and the next Witness out of the Garden, and said she had seen a Man in the Chamber. We went up Stairs, and searched about for some Time, and at last found the Prisoner in the 
               
                  Garret 
                  Chimney 
               



            . He was examined, and said, that it was his extreme Poverty that induced him to come there; that he had been three Days without Victuals, and did not know what he did:


                  Thomas 
                  Turner 
               



             . The Maid calling us out of the Garden, we went up Stairs, and searched all the Rooms, and at last found the Prisoner in the 
               
                  Garret 
                  Chimney 
               



            . The Prisoner was sometime ago a Servant
 to Mr. Marsh , and behaved very well, but he ran away from them scrubbily at last.


                  Ralph 
                  Marsh 
               



            . When the Prisoner was examined, he seemed to be very sorry for what he had done; he begged me to forgive him, and said it was the first Fact.
Prisoner. I hope you will take it into Consideration, that I broke no Locks, nor opened no Doors.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


