





67 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bloxom 
                  



               
             , of Hayes, in the County of Middlesex


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Greenleaf 
                        




                      
                   , about the Hour of two in the Day, and stealing five Pewter Dishes, val. 5 s. nine Plates, val. 5 s. two Pair of Shoes, val. 5 s. an Apron 6 d. and a Table-Cloth 6 d.
             in the Dwelling-House of 
               
                  George 
                  Greenleaf 
               



            , and his Property, August 26
.
Mrs Greenleaf . I live at Norwood-Green


 . I went out this Day fortnight, between one and two, in the Middle of the Day; when I came home, the House was broke open. I came in at the Fore-Door , the Lock made a great Noise, and he run out at the Back-Door. I am sure the Back-Door was fastened both with Pin and Bolt, when I went out; I followed him, and found the Things in my Way; these are the Things. I followed such a Man in a red Coat out of the House at a great Distance. I did not see any Body throw them down. - It was a Back Window that was broke open; he had taken the Glass out, there was just Room enough for him to get in, when his Coat was off; these are my Husband's Goods that I picked up by the Way, as I followed him; my Husband's Shoes were dropped before the other Things. All these that were in the Bag were together.


                  John 
                  Wright 
               



            . I found him in one Place, and his Coat in another, he was lying under a Bush in a Ditch, and his Coat was about 2 Yards from him: I did not charge him, but I told him I believed he was the Man I wanted. I did not see any of the Goods lie upon the Ground by him. - He said he was a Deserter , and so run away to hide himself for fear of being taken.


                  John 
                  Filby 
               



             . I saw him at Mr 
               
                  Henry 
                  Priest 
               



            's at Norwood-Green , this Bag was wrapped up under his Arm, about half an Hour or an Hour before the House was broke open, he was at our House to ask for some Small-beer; he asked me what Sort of a Man the Person of the Parish was , and so I had a full Sight of him.
Prisoner . I asked the good Woman of the House for some Small-beer , and she gave me some: I saw a Pear-tree , or an Apple-tree , and pulled off my Coat, and thought I could get some Apples, and a Woman cried out Thieves, Thieves, so I catched up my Coat and away I ran and hid myself. 


               Guilty of the Felony, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


