






+ 77, 78. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Broughton 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Jackson 
                  



                
            , of St. Mary at Hill



, were indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hobson 
                        




                      
                   on the Highway, putting him in Fear and taking from him four Guineas and six Shillings, his Property
            , Oct. 25
.


                  Thomas 
                  Hobson 
               



            . The 25th of October in the Morning I was going down Thames Street


, Broughton brusles up to me, and laid his Hand upon me; I being a little infirm, he had like to have thrown me down; said I, What do you assault me in the Street? He brusles up to me again, and made a Noise thus, Boh! Boh! Boh! he did not speak; then I believe he picked my pocket; in about a Minute's Time I missed my purse: coming down Love Lane, Mr. Rutherford, a Gentleman who was passing by, seeing me in a Surprise, asked me what was the Matter; I told him, I had been robbed of a Purse of Money; he said, I saw two Fellows go into the Cock, and one of them had a Purse in his Hand; I went into the Cock, and in the House I saw the Prisoners; I said to Broughton, You are the Man that robbed me; he said, I don't know you; I said, You have got my Purse; he said he would stand Search; the Purse was found upon a Seat near where the Prisoners sat.
Prisoner. It is very improbable I should put a Man in bodily Fear in the middle of the Day.


                  John 
                  Rutherford 
               



            . Coming down Love Lane, I saw the Prisoners, and one of them had the Purse in his Hand; they seemed in a Hurry, and scuffled along very fast; I took very good Observation of them - To the best of my Knowledge Broughton had the Purse; I described the Marks of it before it was found - I went into the Alehouse, turned short, and said, these are the Men, and Mr. Hobson went directly to Broughton, laid his Hand upon him, and said, you are the Man that robbed me - We found the Purse on the Seat where Jackson sat, the two Prisoners sat at a Table opposite to one another.


                  Robert 
                  Powell 
               



            . The Prisoner offered to stand search, and said, What do you think a Gentleman of my Function would rob any Body in the Street? We got a Candle, and in a Hole at the Corner of the Seat there it was.


                  Edward 
                  Walford 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Bust 
               



             said, the Purse was found as before mentioned.
Broughton 

               Guilty
             of the Felony, Jackson 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


