





36. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Kendal 
                  



               
             indicted for 


               stealing 1 gold watch, val. 10 l. 10 s. 1 diamond ring, val. 5 l. 1 Capuchin, 1 muslin apron, a purse with a guinea in it, 1 pair of silk stockings, &c
            . the goods of 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Pierce 
                  




November the 15th
.


                  Catharine 
                  Pierce 
               



            . The Prisoner at the Bar was formerly my servant
, but not when the robbery was committed. On the 15th of Novemb. I went out to dinner with my sister, my things were then all safe.
Q. Can you tell what things were left in your house when you went out to dinner?
Pierce. There was my gold watch and a gold chain, and a white cornelian seal; there was a purse and 3 moidores, a mourning ring in one drawer, in another drawer there was a muslin apron work'd, and 6 stockings, 2 silver tea-spoons. When I came home I did not think to look for my watch; the next morning I call'd to the woman to fetch my watch, and she could not find it; then I examined and found I lost many other things.
The Prisoner was carried to the Gate-house on Tuesday night, the next day by promising to be as favourable as I could, she confest 3 places where the things were; I found one apron upon her, and the Constable has the watch and many things.
Court. Did you promise in case she would confess you would be favourable to her?
Pierce. Yes.


                  Richard 
                  Jenkins 
               



            . I am Constable, these are the things belonging to this lady; Mrs. Pierce own'd all the things produc'd in Court, as the gold watch, the capuchin, the purse, &c.


                  William 
                  Salt 
               



            . As I am keeper of the Gate-house, I happen'd to be at the Justice's at that time, when the Prisoner was there, and I went with others with a search-warrant in Dean-street to her lodging, but only found an apron; the Lady desir'd. I would use all arts I could to make a discovery, and if she would confess, she would forgive her; I got a maid-servant to lodge with her, she making little improvements, I talk'd to her the next day about the Lady's promise, which she might depend upon the assurances I gave her of a free forgiveness by the Lady, she made a full discovery, and told me of a box at Templeton's. I sent 
               
                  Robert 
                  Tinkner 
               



            , one of the Turnkeys of the Gate-house to Serjeant Templeton's for the box, and she sent the key as a token: he is one I believe of a good character, I believe he knows nothing of it.
Q. to the Prisoner. You hear what Mr. Salt says, he swears you sent for these things.
Prisoner. I told the whole truth in a dependance upon the lady's promise.


                  Mary 
                  Barker 
               



            . I live in King street, Westminster; the Prisoner came as an intire stranger to my house to lodge, she came the 10th of September and staid till the 17th, till the constable took her out. She gave me some cambrick to make a mob and a hood, and some Brussels lace, but on Monday night she took it away and said she had left it at the Milliners.



                  Ruth 
                  Templeton 
               



            . The Prisoner lived with me about this time twelvemonth, she thought my place was not good enough, and I gave her a character; she used to come pretty often, she came to me last Monday and said she had some old family plate to sell, she had an old enamel'd ring, and she had a watch by her side.
Q. Did you apprehend she came honestly by them?
Templeton. She told me she had married a gentleman, and he gave her money to buy them.
Court to the Prisoner. What have you to say by way of defence ?
Prisoner. I made a free and open confession upon her promising me a free pardon.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


