





416 + 
               
                  William 
                  Taylor 
               



            , of St. Giles's Cripplegate


, was indicted (together with 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Bowyer 
               



            , not taken) for 


               stealing a silver quart tankard, value 9 l. 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Elliot 
                        




                      
                   , in his dwelling-house
            , July 29
.


                  William 
                  Elliot 
               



             . I live at the Punch-bowl


 in Halfmoon-alley


 in Little Moor-fields


. On the 29th of July last I lost a silver tankard off the bar, which cost me 9 l. 15 s. it was 28 ounces and 5 pennyweights , but I can't say who took it. He at first denied it, and afterwards he said that his partner took the tankard.
Q. Did he say his partner took it?
Elliot . He said his partner took it, I can't think of his name, (who is not taken) took it off the bar, and that they melted it down.
Q. Did he say he was with the other person when he took it?
Elliot. Yes he did?
Q. What day of the week was this?
Elliot. It was on the Friday, and I advertis'd it on the Saturday, and on the Sunday the prisoner confessed it?
Q. How came you to take him up?
Elliot . We had a suspicion of him from his being there the night before; I had a very bad character of him, and that made me take notice of it to him.


                  Charles Brooks 
                  Const 
               



            . I think on Sunday the 31st of July, I was going out of town, and Mr. Elliot said he believed he had the two fellows in his house who had stole his tankard; he told me their names, and one of them said he believed it was his Son, and why should I suffer for my son; he has got a new apron, and I said to the prisoner, Mr. Elliot says you have stole his tankard, and he rubbed his eyes, but would own nothing; at last Mr. Elliot desired I would take him up and carry him to the Counter, and when we got up to the top of Aldermanbury, he said if I would not carry him to the Counter he would tell me how it was, and we went to the Castle by Guildhall, and there he confessed that he, in company with 
               
                  James 
                  Bowyer 
               



            , called for a pint of beer, and that this 
               
                  James 
                  Bowyer 
               



             in company with him took the tankard off the bar; and that about half an hour afterwards they met at a house in Field-lane, and they went into a house in Goose-alley by the Ditch-side, and gave the woman of the house half a crown for the use of the room and melted it down, [This witness proved in what manner it was melted] and they said, when they came to take out a wooden bottom which was at the bottom of the tankard to keep it from bruising; there was engraved stop thief, and he said after they had melted it, they carried it to the house of one 
               
                  Walter 
                  Buckland 
               



             in Long-lane; I got a warrant to get this plate from the house of 
               
                  Walter 
                  Buckland 
               



            ; I went there and said I wanted a couple of silver bars that he bought of one Taylor; he said he had none, and afterwards he said he did not know whether he had or no; but he pulled out these two Bars, and there was a small bit of silver that the prisoner pulled out of his pocket, which he said was part of the tankard; about a pennyweight, which he said was cut off in order to try whether it was good silver or not.
Q. What is the value of these two bars?
Brooks . 5 l. 12 s. 6 d. they were weighed at a silver-smiths in Newgate-street.
Q. to Elliot. Was there any thing engraved at the bottom of your tankard?
Elliot . There was stop thief engraved on the bottom.


                  Charles 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I know there was such an inscription on them, for I put the wooden bottoms to them all.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


