





220. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Mudget 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing 150 lb. of linnen Rags, val. 30 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bullock 
                  




                
             , April 4
.


                  William 
                  Coleman 
               



            . There was to the Value of one hundred and a half of Rags lost off Mr Anderson's Wharf , at Brentford


 , last Friday Night was se'en-night. I did not see them taken away myself, but the Prisoner, and another Woman, own'd they took them: they said they cut open the Packs, and took the Rags. I am a Wharfinger, and saw them upon the Wharf, and heard the Prisoner confess the Fact before Justice Venner .
Mr Anderson. The Prisoner made a Confession before the Justice. It was read over to her: She signed it, and I was a Witness to it. She signed it voluntarily, for the Justice was very tender to her, and would not compel her.


                  James 
                  Lover 
               



            . The Prisoner, and one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Gunn 
               



            , brought the Rags to me, that I might buy them; there was 1 hundred and 10 lb. Weight of them: they were stole on the Friday Night, and they brought them to me the Night following. I keep a Warehouse, and take in such Things, so I bought them: but I examined whose Property they were, and the Prisoner told me they were her's, and that she had been a-chairing, for a Quarter of a Year, at Richmond, and had gathered them from several Houses there, and that she only got Mary Gunn to help her to bring them to me.
The Examination of the Prisoner, dated April the 9th, was read; and was of the following Tenor.
'' Who having heard the within written Information '' read to her, of her own free Will confesseth '' and faith, that last Friday Night about '' 10 at Night, she and Mary Gunn went to Mr '' Anderson's Wharf and each of them took an '' Apron full of Rags, out of the Bags which '' Jay on the Wharf; and that they both sold '' them, the next Day, to 
               
                  James 
                  Lover 
               



            , for 9 s. '' and 3 d. That she had 4 s. and 3 d. for her '' Share, and that Gunn had the Remainder of '' the Money. Sign'd Eliz. Mudget .''
Mr Anderson. The Rags were the Property of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Bullock 
               



             , who keeps the Paper-Mills at Colebrook
 . On the Wednesday after the Goods were stole, I went to the Prisoner, and told her I had heard she had got some Rags to sell: No, said she, I have none to sell. I asked her if she had not sold some to Lover? Upon this she took me into another Room, and said she would not take it all upon herself, for Gunn was concerned with her, in taking them off the Wharf.
Prisoner. I hope you'll take my Case into Consideration, I never wrong'd any body in my Life before. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


