






479, 480. 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Dennis 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty Pounds weight of Iron, value 20 d.
             the Goods of the 
               
                  Mayor
                   and Commonalty of the City of London
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hurst 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same knowing it to be stole
            , Sept. 9

.


                  James 
                  Townsend 
               



            . On the 9th of Sept. Mr Long brought Hurst to me, with this Iron; I said, I believed it belonged to the Debtors-Window, on the common Side of Newgate, and she was for that Night sent to Woodstreet-Counter; the next Day Mr Long and I went to the Debtors Side, and tallied these Irons to the Window, and they sitted exactly; I asked Dennis (who is a Prisoner for Debt) whether he knew any thing of the taking them; and, he said, he took them himself, and gave them to Hurst out of the Window to sell; and she acknowledged she had them from him to sell. We lost about 200 weight.
Dennis. I gave it to this Woman to carry over to the Lodge.


                  Mary 
                  Hurst 
               



            . No, Mr Dennis, you gave it me to sell for you; you said, you wanted Tobacco, and that it was your own.
- Long. Upon Friday Sept. 9, I was at 
               
                  Robert 
                  Walton 
               



            's in Fleet-lane; and the Prisoner, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hurst 
               



            , came in to sell this Iron, it weighed twenty-one Pound; she offered it for a Penny per Pound: and Walton agreed with her for three Farthings per Pound, and she sold the whole for 16 d. I asked her how she came by it (here are three large Bolts, three Nuts, and three large Spikes) she said, a Workman gave it to her to sell, and said, it was his Perquisites; that she was to have no Share in it; I told her, I had Authority to know, and would know how she came by it; and then, she said, if I would go with her, she would show me how she came by it; then Walton said, Give me the Money again, I do not know how you came by it; I will have nothing to do with it; I will not have any Trouble about it; she said, one Dennis gave it to her to sell, and if I would go with her she would show me the Man; I asked Dennis if he gave the Woman this Iron to sell, and he said, he did; I asked him how he came by it, he said honestly; I went over to the Lodge, and showed it to Mr Townsend, and asked him if he knew it; he said, it belonged to the Portcullises of the Window, on the Debtors Side; Dennis owned, a second Time, that he gave it Hurst to dispose of; I asked him how she was to dispose of it; he said, he did not care how; I went to the Place where I apprehended it was taken from, and put the Bolts into the Holes, and the Nuts upon them, and called Dennis, and asked him if he took them out there, and he said, yes; I asked him how he got them out, he said, he knocked them off with a Hammer; I asked him what made him take them out, he said, he did it to louse himself; for the Bars were so thick, and the Place so dark, that he could not see to louse himself.
Prisoner Dennis. All the whole Ward took them down; they were all concerned in it.


                  Mary 
                  Hurst 
               



            . Dennis gave me these to dispose of, and I did not know but they were his, and thought he would give me a Penny for my Trouble: About twelve Months ago, when my Husband was a Prisoner there, we hindered the Goal from being broke twice, and were offered five Pounds to help them to break the Goal; and I sent a Letter to Mr Akerman, to give him Notice of it.
Mr Akerman being called, said, that about a Twelve-month ago, when her Husband was a Prisoner there, she did give him some Information, from her Husband, of such a Design, and believes that the Goal was prevented from being broke by that Means; and being asked how Dennis behaved, he said, he could not say that he behaved amiss. Dennis 

               Guilty
            , Hurst 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


