





265. + 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Taylor 
                  



               
            . of St Olave, Southwark


, was indicted for 


               stealing 10 Pair of Mens Hose, val. 19 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dodson 
                        




                      
                   , in his Shop
            , April 23
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Dodson 
               



             . The Prisoner came to my Shop to buy a Pair of Hose, and took ten Pair of others along with her; I sent our Boy after her, and my Spouse , and he brought her back to our Shop; (at the Bridge Foot ) I saw them taken from under her Arm in our Shop.


                  William 
                  Dodson 
               



             . The Prisoner came into the Shop to buy a Pair of Yarn Hose, and would have given me 8 d. for them; she hummed a considerable Time, and at last, I said, Prithee , Girl, go about Business : I saw another Pair of Stockings in her Basket, and said, How came these in your Basket ; said she, I do not know; said I, You brought nothing in , and you shall not carry any Thing out: When she was gone, says my Wife, She has got a Bundle of rough Hose, that lay in the Window; the Boy went after her, and came back and told me, she had got a Bundle under her Arm: I followed her through the Postern, and took her; said I, How could you be so wicked as to do so; you must come back with me; I desired Mr Bennet, the Silversmith, to come over and see what I took from her; they were wrapped up in her Apron under her Arm, and her Basket was over them.


                  Stephen Walden 
                  Tripp 
               



             . My Master bid me run after that Woman with the Basket over her Shoulder, and see whether she had got any thing; I followed her, and saw the Hose under her Arm, I came running back to my Master, and he run after her, and I run after my Master, and overtook her just through the Gate upon London Bridge; my Master brought her back to the Shop, and took from her ten Pair of Hose; these are my Master's Hose, I marked them myself.
- Bennet . I saw Mr Dodson take ten Pair of Stockings from her in his Shop, which were wrapped up in her Apron under her Arm.


                  Edward 
                  George 
               



             , Constable. The Prisoner did not deny the taking the Stockings; I asked her, how she came to take them, and she said, she could not tell.


                  Sarah 
                  Moore 
               



             . I have known the Prisoner from an Infant ; and have hired her to chair for me, and have trusted her with a great many things, and always found her honest. 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


