





357. 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Griffin 
                  



               
            , of St James's Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing (with 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Woolley 
                     



                   , and 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Wilson 
                     



                   not taken)3 Blankets, val.4 s. a Linnen Sheet, val.1 s. a Quilt , val.3 s.4 Stuff Bed Curtains, val.2 s. a Feather Bed, val.2 s. a Fire Shovel, val.2 d, and other Things
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Butt 
                  




                
             , June 11
.


                  Margaret 
                  Butt 
               



            . I went out the 9th of June, and did not come home till the 14th. Then I found my Doors broke open, and my Room stripp'd of all my Goods mentioned in the Indictment, and several other Things.
A Witness. I bought a Bed of the Prisoner, which Mrs Butt has had again: I gave her 16 s. for it.
Butt. Sir Edward Hill ordered her to let me have it again. The Quilt,2 Blankets, this Sheet, and the Curtains, I had from 
               
                  John 
                  Tawn 
               



            , in Peter's-Street.
Another Witness. The Prisoner desired me to fetch the Quilt out of Pawn, and told me, if she and I could agree for Price, I should have it. If we could not agree, she was to pay me the Money I laid down at the Pawnbroker's, the next Day. I fetched it out for 3 s. and Butt own'd it.
Prisoner. What you have said is not true; you paid but Half a Crown, and a Penny for the Interest. I know nothing of the Curtains, nor the other Things. The Bed was carried to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wilson 
               



            's Mother, and I carried it from thence, to sell to that Witness. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


