





216. + 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , of St. Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               stealing two pieces of linen cloth, being remnant, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Keith 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop
            , April 24
.


                  Barbara 
                  Keith 
               



             . The prisoner came into my shop the day before yesterday, and asked for a bit of cambrick, I shewed her some, and while I turned my back to take down some more, she stole these two remnants, and was going away with them beneath her apron. They were tied up, and lay upon the opposite counter. My servant told me she had something under her apron. I took the parcel out of her apron, whether it was fastened to a hook, or what, I can't tell: but there was something stopped it from coming out easily .
Prisoner. The gentlewoman does me a great deal of injustice , for I took it off the ground.


                  Sarah 
                  Ivis 
               



             . The prisoner came into the shop about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and asked for some cambrick. My mistress shewed her some; she said, she would go higher, and while my mistress turned round, she took something off the counter, and threw a shilling down. I saw her put something under her apron, and was going away; I told her she had something there that did not belong to her; she said, she had nothing; she went out at the door, and I called out stop thief, and this young man brought her back. I shook her apron, and saw the cloth in it, and my mistress took it out.
A young lad, upon the cry of stop thief, brought her back, and saw the cloth taken from her.


                  James 
                  Wather 
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my house six months, and behaved very honestly. I never knew any hurt of her, or any thing like it. Her husband is a taylor; they left my house last July was 12 months. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


