






348, 349. + 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Kerr 
                  



                
            , otherwise Hubbard, and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Foster 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a watch, value 3 l. a chain, value 5 s. and a silver seal, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Beauchamp 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            .


                  Charles 
                  Beauchamp 
               



            . Last Sunday was fortnight, about two o'clock on the Sunday morning, the Prisoners took my watch, chain, and seal, out of my pocket.
Q. How came they to be with you?
Beauchamp. They enticed me to go to their house; I had been at the Bull-Head just by where I live in Ratcliff Highway; I staid there from four in the afternoon till half an hour after six, and staid in company with the Prisoners till eleven.

Q. What condition was you in then?
Beauchamp. I was not drunk, I was a little heavy headed; I said I was afraid of being locked out; she said I need not mind that, for she had a good lodging; I agreed to have a bed at her house, and paid her a shilling for it: we had a tankard of beer (I gave her six-pence, but she returned no money:) I took a drink of it, and laid down upon the bed about one in the morning.
Q. Did you go to bed?
Beauchamp. No, there was no bed to lie on, but a sort of a blanket: about an hour afterwards Foster came and put his hand under the blanket, and he waked me in doing it; and then he made towards his wife (that woman) the Prisoner.
Q. Is she his wife?
Beauchamp. He calls her his wife; and then they both went out of the room, and presently I found my watch was gone.
Q. Did you attempt to lay hold of the watch when he took it from you?
Beauchamp. No, then I immediately got off the bed. for I had some valuable things in my pocketbook; then he came into the room again, and threatened me, and asked me why I did not go out; and he told me he would knock me on the head if I did not go out directly.
Q. Where is this house?
Beauchamp. In Elbow-Lane, by Ratcliff Highway


. I told him I demanded my watch or his body, and then he said he would knock me on the head if I did not go out, and he put the candle out; I told him I had a right to be there till daylight.
Q. Could not you have got into the street?
Beauchamp. Yes, but then he would have locked me out; and he said if I would treat him, he would help me to my watch again: I told him I would if he would let me have my watch again; and I was in the porch [he explained it afterwards to be the stair-case] and he pulled me down stairs, and I thought the street was the best place for me, for I did not know but I might have been knocked on the head. I went to 
               
                  George 
                  Jennings 
               



            's, to desire him to knock at the door, but he was in bed: I knocked at the door, and the Prisoner said he would stab me, and offered to strike me with a key; and a woman coming by, said, I might take him up as he had robbed me; so the Constable and I secured him, and took him to the watch-house, and he said I should never have my watch again: he was carried before Justice Berry, and he ordered him to be confined till Monday.
Q. What happened then?
Beauchamp. She said if I would not hurt her, I should have my watch again.
Q. When was Foster carried before the Justice?
Beauchamp. They were both carried before the Justice on Monday morning, and she said she took the watch off the bed.
Q. That is what you know to be false?
Beauchamp. Yes, to be sure.
Q. Have you the watch again?
Beauchamp. Mr. Gosden has the watch.
Mr. Gosden produced the watch.
Beauchamp. This is my watch.
Q. Would you ask this witness any questions?
Pris. Foster. No, my Lord, he has said too much already.
Q. Have you any thing to say for yourself?
Pris. Foster. I do not know, I have not been at home since I have been here.


                  John 
                  Gosden 
               



            . I keep a scavenger's cart, and live in Whitechapel Road. On Sunday was fortnight I was sitting at the house that I live at between seven and eight in the morning, and this woman came by, and said, who will buy a watch? I said if I would, she had never an one to sell; she said she had, and shewed it to me: I asked her how she came by it (for I thought she did not look like one that had come honestly by it) and she said it was her brother's. I challenged it, and she said she would trust it in my hands; I said I would keep it till I knew how she came by it: and I carried an advertisement on Sunday night, which was published on Monday morning; and the Gentleman had taken her up: she brought the Prosecutor to my house, and she said nothing to me, nor I to her. I cannot say any thing further but what the Gentleman has said.


                  Walter 
                  Cox 
               



            . I can say no more than what the other witnesses have said.


                  Arthur 
                  Tutherly 
               



            . I am the Beadle; I took the watch from Foster in the cage, and he said the Prosecutor should never have his watch again; and the woman that called me, told me the Prisoner's name was 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Kerr 
               



            . Betty, said I, is the watch pawned? she said, if I would not tell any body, she would let me know where the watch was, and she carried me to Mr. Gosden's, who produced the watch. She said before the Justice, that she took the watch off the bed.
Q. to Foster the Prisoner. What are you?
Foster. I am a ballast-heaver
. I went home on the Saturday night, to desire 
               
                  Betty 
                  Kerr 
               



             to get some provisions for me, as she could do it better than I; for she washes, and does any thing for me: I gave her a pint of beer, and my adversary came into my company, and put his beer into my pot; I would not drink any after that, and when I went home, my key was taken away, the door was fast, and he was in my poor bed; I asked him what he did there; he said a woman brought him there; said I, I have nothing but what I pay for; he said he had lost his watch; I said, be easy, and I believe I shall find it in the morning; he said he would go and treat me at Mr. Jennings's, and there were two street-walkers came in; they said I had got the watch, and he sent me to the watch-house I was thirty-six hours in the watch-house.
Q. to the Prosecutor. When you laid yourself down upon the bed, was Foster come home then?
Beauchamp. No, he went for some beer.
Pris. Kerr. My husband is at sea; he is at South-Carolina; I go a washing and scowering, and clean his room: The Prosecutor came by, and asked me to drink a pot of beer, and we went to Mr. Mason's, at the Bull's-Head; the Prosecutor said, Those that could not make a meal of me, ought to go to Bed supperless; the Prosecutor came and sat by me, and put his beer into my pot; I asked him what he wanted, he said he wanted a lodging, and he went home with me; he said he had no money, but he would leave a thing in my hand, which was as good as money, and we went to Jennings's, and had some punch.
Prosecutor. I had nothing but beer all the day.
Pris. Kerr. And after drinking drams and punch, he asked me whether he should go to bed along with me; and though I never went to bed with any body but my husband, yet he importuned me so much, that I went to bed with him; he gave me his watch, and said he would come the next morning for it, and satisfy me, and give me something for my child and myself: I kept the watch two days, and when he came for the watch I went and shewed him where it was, and then he swore a robbery against me.
Q. You say you went to bed to him?
Pris. Kerr. Yes, and when I found myself in bed with a man, I got up.
Q. What time was that?
Pris. Kerr. About two o'clock.
Q. Was he asleep, or awake?
Pris. Kerr. He was awake. I got out of bed, and went to my own child, and then Foster was breaking open his door to get in.
Jury to Beauchamp. Did you ever say you would forgive her, if you had your watch again?
Beauchamp. No.
Foster 

               acquitted
            , Kerr 


               guilty of the felony, and acquitted of privately stealing.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


