





444. + 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



             of London


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver spoon, value 9 s. 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jackson 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop
            , Sept. 29
.


                  Thomas 
                  Jackson 
               



            . On the 29th of Sept. about seven o'clock in the morning, I lost a silver spoon, I missed it by the number I left upon the board at night; he came into the shop about seven in the morning, when only my boy was there, and cheapened a spoon, and took away a large spoon, which was stopped by Mr. Winne , a Goldsmith without Aldgate.


                  Wm 
                  Winne 
               



            . On the 29th of September the Prisoner came and offered a spoon to me to sell, which was broke in two, and the mark was taken out, and upon that account I suspected him, and charged Mr. Wardley the Constable with him; he was carried before a magistrate, and confessed that he stole the spoon from Mr. Jackson, and then I sent to the Prosecutor. The Prisoner first told me it belonged to his mother, and was afterwards in several other stories.
Jackson. This is one of a parcel of old spoons that I was at work upon; I had taken the mark partly out the night before, that was not done by the Prisoner, but it was whole when I lost it.


                  Robert 
                  Strumer 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner a great many years - From an infant - I believe he is about 14 or 15 years old, his father is a Bricklayer, and keeps an alehouse at the Rose and Crown in Long-acre; he has worked with his father in my house, and might have robbed me several times if he would, but he never did; his father is a very honest man.
Two other witnesses said the Prisoner's father is very a honest man, and never heard any harm of the Prisoner. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


