





369. + 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Hartshorn 
                  



               
            , of St Mary le Bone


, was indicted for 


               stealing one Piece of Foreign Gold Coin, value 3 l. 12 s. three Pieces ditto, 36 l. each, value 5 l. 8 s. the Money of 
                     
                        William 
                        Gough 
                     



                  , in his Dwelling-House
            .


                  William 
                  Gough 
               



            . I keep a Publick-House at Mary-bone


; the Prisoner was my Servant
; I missed the Money the 27th of July
: I had put it in a Bag in a Box, which was locked up in a Closet; when I opened the Closet Door, I found the Box had been wrenched open, and this Money was gone; there was about 50 l. in the Bag, and the Bag was turned upside down; I took no Notice of it then, but sat up all Night, for fear she should go off in the Night; the next Morning I examined her, with relation to the Box being open, and the Money; she denied that she knew any thing of it; but being further examined, she acknowledged the Money was in the Copper hole in the Wash-house, and the Money was found there, and delivered to the Constable; it was sealed up before the Justice; she was asked who put it into her Head to take it, she said, no body but the Devil; she owned she wrenched the Box open with a Knife.


                  Isaac 
                  Sweetman 
               



            . The Prisoner went up Stairs, I followed her, and told her, I would have her acquaint her Master what she had done with the Money; and, she said, if he Master would forgive her she would give him the Money; accordingly I came down with her, and went with her into the Wash-house in the back Yard, and there the Money was tied up in an old Glove, and hid about three or four Inches under Ground, under the Copper-hole; there were 4 or 5 s. in Silver, but that was not the Property of her Master; when she acknowledged the taking of it to me, she said, she hoped her Master would forgive her; I said, I could not say any thing to it; she said, she wrenched the Box open with a Case-Knife.


                  James 
                  Capps 
               



            . Constable: I was sent for to Mr Gough's House to take up the Prisoner with a Warrant for threatning his Life, not for stealing of the Money, the Girl was charged with stealing the Money, and deny'd it; she went up Stairs to clean herself, and I desired this Man to go along with her; when she came down again, she cried in a lamentable Manner, and said, if her Master would forgive her, she would produce the Money; and then went into the Wash-house, and shewed me where it was under the Copper-hole; when she came before the Justice she confessed the Thing, and beheved it was the Devil put it into her Head.
Prisoner. I had lived Servant with my Master about Ten Days, and he used to follow me up and down. Stairs all Hours of the Day, and offered me Money, and I would not take it; and he put upon me so much at last that I did take the Money; this is the Money be gave me. - I do not know what Pieces there were.
The Prosecutor being asked, whether he did not give her this Money for Favours. he said he never offered, or gave her any such thing. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


