





446. + 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bacon 
                  



               
             , of Stepney


, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver buckles value 6 two handkerchiefs value 2 s. a looking glass in a shagreen case value 18 d. and 5 pounds in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Sterry 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Coster 
                     



, September 4
.


                  Susannah 
                  Sterry 
               



            . I lodge in Mrs. Coster's house, and was to pay her a shilling a week .
Q. When did you go to lodge there?
Sterry. The 2d of September .
Q. Did you lose any thing on the 4th of September?
Sterry. I lost upwards of 5 l. that was in a bag in my room, and I had been there but two days; and my boxes were broke upon, and were found under the prisoner's bed .

[Mrs. Sterry is the prisoner's mother, and Mrs. Coster and the prisoner are brother and sister, and all lived in the house together.]
Sterry. The prisoner was out of place, and went out on Sunday in the morning, and was seen walking in the church yard full of money, and went and paid his debts ; and a pair of silver buckles, two handkerchiefs, and a small pocket lookingglass, which are mine, were taken out of his pockets.
Q. Do you know what money was taken out of his pocket?
Sterry. I can't tell.
Q. to Mr. Harris the Constable. How much money did you take from the prisoner?
Harris. I took 4 l. 6 s. from him.
Sterry. There was in the box 3 guineas , and 2 half guineas, and some silver, to the amount of upwards of 5 l. and when the prisoner was before the justice he said, he thought it to be his mother's money; and that he thought it was no crime to rob his mother. I went out, and lock'd the door, and took the key, and the door was lock'd when I came home; which made me surprised when I found that my box was gone, and the key that he opened the door with was found in his pocket.
Q. Did you see it taken out?
Sterry . I did, indeed.
Q. What are you?
Sterry . I go out to service. I have liv'd in merchants families 8 years, and never was out of place a fortnight at one time in my life.
Mr. Harris (Constable.) I was called out of my house about 7 o'clock on Sunday evening, to take the prisoner; and I went to Mr. Bradshaw's in Cut-throat-lane by Cock-hill, Ratcliff-highway, and found him there, and took him. 'Tis a publick house, but there's no sign. I search'd him, and found 2 guineas and an half in gold, 11 half-crowns, one shilling, and 10 sixpences, and the other things mentioned by Mrs. Sterry; and he was carried to the watch-house that night, and committed on Monday morning: and he desired I would go to Stepney, to see whether the key he had would unlock the room where the prosecutor liv'd, and it unlock'd the door better than the key that was made for it.




               Guilty, 39 s
            

[The Foreman of the Jury said that the reason of their bringing in so favourable a verdict was, out of compassion to the mother and the family, and not in regard to the prisoner.]




[Transportation. See summary.]


