





144. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wiseman 
                  



               
             , of St. James's, Westminster


 , was indicted for 


               stealing twelve pair of worsted stockings, value 19 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Scott 
                  




                
            , Jan. 22
.


                  George 
                  Scott 
               



            . On the twenty-second of January I lost twelve pair of stockings, and on the twenty-third I missed them; but I did not know who had them till a constable came and informed me, that he had heard of some boys that had taken them: The witness, Harding, confessed it on the Saturday sevennight following, and said the Prisoner took them away.


                  Henry 
                  Harding 
               



            , the accomplice , called.
Q. What age are you?
Harding. I am going in fifteen.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath?
Harding . I shall speak nothing but the truth.
Q. But suppose you should speak something that is not true, what then?
Harding. I should go to the devil.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner?
Harding. Yes, I was along with him in Tyburn-Road , with 
               
                  Henry 
                  Williams 
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  Wiseman 
               



            , and he said, if I would follow a gentleman's servant he would take some stockings, and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Williams 
               



             took them.
Q. Who did he give them to?
Harding . To 
               
                  James 
                  Wiseman 
               



            . The next morning the Prisoner told me they were all stopped but two pair, and he sent a young woman to sell the two pair, and I had four pence halfpenny out of the two pair.
Q. Who stopped them?
Harding. The people that he offered to sell them to.
Q. What reason had they to give you the four pence halfpenny ?
Harding. Because I was along with them.
Q. So you was to have part of the plunder?
Harding . Yes.
Q. Who did he take these from?
Harding . From Mr. Scott, in Tyburn-Road.
Q. Did he take them from Mr. Scott, or Mr. Scott's servant?
Harding . He took them out of the shop; the hatch was open, and he went in.


                  Richard 
                  Kitchin 
               



             . I am a constable of St. James's, Westminster. This day three weeks Harding, the evidence, gave me information where several boys were, who were concerned in this and other robberies, viz. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wootton 
               



             , 
               
                  Michael 
                  Coyle 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Ash 
               



            , who escaped out of the Gatehouse: I took them all out of one bed, and I took the Prisoner out of a room in a stable yard, and he run into a chimney; I fetched Mr. Scott to Harding, that he might come at his goods if possible. This sword was taken from Harding, the evidence, and he said it cost a halfpenny: I asked him what he did with it; he said they made use of it to lift up windows, and get any thing they could come at, and to cut any body that should oppose them. I believe your Lordship will find them to be a wicked gang of rogues, and the eldest of them is not above seventeen years of age. Williams and Harding brought these stockings to me, [some stockings were produced] and said he would give me a penny if I would take them home for them. [This was contradicted by Harding.]



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


