






385. + 
               
                  George 
                  Hall 
               



            , of St. George the Martyr


, was indicted for 


               stealing a periwig, value 40 s. and a pair of gloves 10 d. the goods of the Revd. 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Lucas 
                        




                      
                  , Doctor of Divinity
, in the dwelling-house 
            of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lockall 
               



            , July 1st
.


                  Joseph 
                  Lockall 
               



            . I live in Gloucester-Street


. The 1st of July, on a Sunday morning, the maid went out of an errand, and left the door open - the rest of the family were in bed: she had not been long gone, before I heard an outcry of Stop thief. I saw the Prisoner run along, and a man offer to lay hold of him. I run after him and took him. As soon as I had caught him, 
               
                  Walter 
                  Hood 
               



             came up and told me, it was my house that was robbed, and Mr. Cox said he saw him come out of my house with something in his apron. As we were going to a Justice of the Peace, I went up to a man that the people told me the Prisoner nodded at, and went to lay hold of him, and that man presented a pistol to me, and told me he would blow my brains out, if I came any nearer: I came up pretty near at him, and he presented his pistol again, and made his escape. He presented his pistol at every one he met as he went along. - There was nothing found upon the Prisoner. The Justice asked him to discover his accomplices, and he said he had none.


                  Geo.
                   Harrington Cox
               



            . I was looking out of my window, and saw the Prisoner at the bar go into Mr. Lockall's house - it was just after the people were gone to church. I suspected he was a thief, for there was another person came and stood about 10 or a dozen yards short of him, on the other side of the way. I drew my head in again, that they might not observe me, and I saw the prisoner come out again, with something in his apron, and he walked very soberly towards the other man. I said, There is a boy come out of Mr. Lockall's house with something in his apron, and I believe he has robbed him; and cried out stop thief; and then the Prisoner ran along, and cried stop thief. One of them run on one side of the street, and the other on the other side; but when they came to the corner of the street, one turned one corner, and the other the other corner. - I believe the prisoner was about 5 or 6 minutes in the house.
Prisoner to Cox. Did not you say the person who was in the house was in a blue coat?
Lockall. How can you say so, you rascal, you? Was you not pursued immediately and taken?
Cox. I did not say the person who was in the house was in a blue coat.


                  Walter 
                  Wood 
               



             . I heard Mr. Cox cry out stop thief! and I cried out stop thief! and turned the corner of the street, and within two or three doors of the corner, the Prisoner had thrown the wig and gloves into an entry, and I took them up and carried them to Mr. Lockall's, this is the wig.
Lockall. This is Dr. Lucas's wig. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


