





163. + 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Keate 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew Wardrobe


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cave 
                        




                      
                  , about the hour of four in the night, and taking two tin cannisters, value 2 s. two pound of bohea tea, value 14 s. two pound of sugar, value 6 d. a tea spoon, value 2 s. and 9 s. and 4 d. in money, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cave 
                     



, Feb. 22
.


                  John 
                  Cave 
               



            . Yesterday the 21st of this month at five o'clock in the morning, the watchman called me down to tell me my shop was broke open, there was a shutter taken down, and the sash was thrown up; when I came to search my shop, I missed a couple of cannisters with two pound of tea , which stood upon a shelf behind the counter, and the till from under the counter, in which was six shillings in silver, and three shillings and four pence in half-pence, and a lump of sugar. I put the shutters up myself at half an hour after ten, put in the pin which goes through the post, and I suppose turning the pin round the key fell out, not having any catch; and yesterday morning about nine o'clock we found the tea and sugar, and cannisters in the Prisoner's lodging on Addle Hill (I live in Thomas Street) he was there at the same time; I asked him where he had it; he said, he met three men in the street, and one of them gave him a slap on the face, and asked where he was going; and told him, as he had got an apron, to take those things, for they were smugglers, and were pursued by the watch. I sent for the Alderman's beadle, and charged him with the Prisoner, and before I came to the Justices, he said, if I would be favourable, he would tell me where the money and the tea-spoon were; I told him, I would be as favourable as I could, and he told me the money and the spoon were laid under his bed, and we found them there.


                  John 
                  Canfield 
               



            . The Prisoner and I, and three more, were drinking at the Green Dragon till four o'clock in the morning, or upwards; we all lived in the same court, but one of the persons; there is a woman lives up one pair of stairs in the house where we live, who sells a dram; we would have had a dram, but we being in liquor, she would not let us have any. I went to a neighbour's house to beg a bit of candle, and finding the Prisoner was not in bed, I went down to the door to see for him, and saw him coming up Addle Hill with something in his apron; when he came in, I said, John, what have you got there? He said, he had got some tea, and sugar, and gin, which some smugglers had given him, but they did not know where he lived, for he told them he lived by St. Paul's; he said, they hit him a slap on the face, and made him take it in his apron, and promise to come to them again: There were two cannisters with tea, some gin, and some sugar: I said to him, Tom, I am afraid you will bring me into a scrape; I believe you did not come fairly by these; he said, he would carry the things to them again; I told him he should not have the things, neither should he go; and I said, I believe we should hear of somebody that had lost those things.
Q. What trade is the Prisoner?
Canfield. He is a joiner and carpenter
, I sent for my shop-mate's wife, and acquainted her with it, and she brought the Prosecutor; when the Prisoner saw them, he found he was pursued, and he run directly out of my room; I said to the Prosecutor, I am glad you are come, here are your things, and there is your Prisoner; and he told Prosecutor the same, that he had them from the smugglers: He was very much in liquor, that he was.
Q. How long was he gone from you?
Canfield. I believe he was not gone half an hour at farthest.
Q. How far is the house off the place where you live?
Canfield. I believe at farthest three stones throw.


                  George 
                  Dunn 
               



            . About ten o'clock yesterday morning Mr. Cave sent for me, and said, he had taken a Prisoner who had broke open his shop, and charged me with him; as I was going to Guild-Hall, I asked him what he had done with the money; I said, I supposed he had got the money as well as the goods; he said, he had no money at all, and never saw any; but afterwards he said, if Mr. Cave would be kind to him, he would tell him the whole truth, and said the money was under the bed - between the bed and the sacking; I found it there in this bag [the money and a silver spoon were produced.]
Cave. This is not my bag, this spoon is mine, it is marked with two E's, and a B.
Q. How far may it be from the Prosecutor's house to the place where the Prisoner lives?
Dunn. About two stones throw.
The Prisoner in his defence said as the other witnesses have deposed, that the goods were given by some smugglers, and that Canfield told him the next day they could not be smuggler's goods, because the tea was in cannisters; and then Canfield tasted of what they say was gin, and said it was vinegar.


                  William 
                  Druitt 
               



            . I am a gun-lock maker, the Prisoner lived with me about five years ago, and behaved honestly then. 


               Acquitted of the Burglary, guilty of the Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


