





66. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Barret 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Gold Watch, and a Steel Chain, from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cooper 
                        




, Oct. 29
.
Mr. Cooper. On the 29th of October, about three in the Afternoon , coming down Ludgate-Hill, between Mr. Ashley's Door and the Rainbow Coffee-house, I was attacked by the Prisoner and 3 or 4 more. They jostled and pushed me backwards and forwards, and at last pushed my Servant from me. Then they held up my Arms, and that very Man at the Bar ran at me, in Order to take my Watch from me. He got hold of the Chain, and with the first pull he broke one of the Links of it , upon which I spoke to him, but notwithstanding that, he pull'd a second Time , and then got it , and I saw it in his Hand. He was taken presently and carried to the Watch house, and from thence to Bridewell, and before I could see him, he had chang'd his Dress.
John Hall. On Lord-Mayor's Day, I was walking in Procession with the Haberdasher's Company, and just as we came to Mr. Ashley's Punch-House, I heard an Out-cry of a Pick-pocket. I saw the Prisoner stooping under the Pole of a Coach , and this Watch thrown under the Horses Legs. I took up the Watch and carried it into Mr. Ashley's, where Mr. Cooper describing it , I gave it him, and I believe it has been in his Possession ever since.


                  John 
                  Blay 
               



            . I was standing over-against Mr. Ashley's to see the Armourer's Company go by, and heard some People cry, Stop Thief! Immediately the Prisoner try'd to push under the Pole of a Hackney Coach; I took hold of his Collar, and he made great Resistance , but a Soldier coming to my Assistance we secured him, and carried him to the Watch house.
Mr. Ashley confirm'd Part of Mr. Hall's Evidence.
Pris. Last Lord-Mayor's Day I happened to be upon Ludgate-Hill, and about 5 Minutes after the Man on Horseback was gone by, there was a Cry of Stop Thief! Presently a Man rushed by me, and that Man (Blay) said he would lay hold of me.


                  William 
                  Webb 
               



            . I have known him two Years and upwards, and never knew no Harm by him. His Business is a Poulterer, and he always bore an honest Character.
Jury. Does he keep a Shop?
Prisoner. No, I am a running Poulterer .


                  John 
                  Riley 
               



             had known him about a Year and half coming backwards and forwards, and never saw nothing by him but what was civil and honest.


                  Ann 
                  Ilsley 
               



             never knew but that he was an honest Man, and bore a very good Character in the Neighbourhood, and all Parts where he lived.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Smith 
               



             had known him to buy and sell about the Streets 5 or 6 Years, and never heard that he was guilty of such a Thing.


                  William 
                  Ennes 
               



             never heard an ill Character of him before this.




               Guilty, Single Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


