





470. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Brown 
                  



               
            , of St James Clerkenwell


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Camlet Gown rob'd with Sattin, val. 8 s . and a Linnen Handkerchief, val. 1 s . 6 d
             the Goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Stanborough 
               




             , September 16
 .
John Stanborough. On Wednesday the 17th of September, I was at work in the Strand , my Wife came to bring my Dinner, and staid all the Afternoon with me. We went home at 7 o'clock in the Evening, and found the Door open : my Wife ran to the Drawers , and said John ! I have lost my Gown! I went all about, and could hear nothing of it, till a little Girl told me , that she had seen the Prisoner on the Stairs, and that she had given her a Halfpenny to go to her Lodging, and enquire, if her child had not been left there. I immediately went to her Lodging, and taxed her with it; she at first deny'd that she knew any thing of it; but afterwards she own'd that it was pawn'd to Mr Glover, in Sharp's Alley, for 3 s. 6 d. there I found it, and knew it to be mine.


                  Anne 
                  Stanborough 
               



             . I was going to carry my Husband part of a Neck of Mutton , and the Prisoner came up Stairs, to beg a Mess of Broth, but I bid her get down Stairs, and would not give her any. I never had no Conversation with her, and - Lord bless me, - this child said she had been on the stairs, and had sent her on an Errand to her Lodging. I went to see after her, and found her with a Full-pot of Beer before her; she said that she knew nothing of my Gown : but we had her before Mr Justice Pralson , and there she owned that she had taken it for want of Bread.
- Glover . The Prisoner brought this Gown to me, and said, that an Acquaintance of her's desired to have 5 s. on it ; I offered her 3 s. and 6 d. she took that, and said , if her Friend did not like it, she would bring it back, and have the Gown again. The next Morning Stanborough came for his Gown ; he did not then take it away, but left it in his own Name , and afterwards had it away with a Search-Warrant .
Prisoner . I had been at this Man's House for some Broth, his Wife was going to him with his Dinner, and could not give me any then. So I went away , and as I was coming back again, one 
               
                  Ann 
                  Baxell 
               



             met me, and desired me to carry this Gown to Glover's to pawn; I did so, and got 3 s. and 6 d. on it; and as for being on the Stairs, I never was that Day. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


