





178. + 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Prankit 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Kemp 
                        




                      
                  , with an intent to rob him on the King's Highway
            , March 8
.
Q. to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kemp 
               



            . Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar?
Kemp. He met me in the Road, the 8th Day of March in the Evening, between ten and eleven o'Clock, it was Moon light; he met me in Oxford Road, near the Cheshire-Cheese


 , and he catched hold of my Horse, of the Bridle, and said, give me your Money , don't stand to contend; I said I had but a Shilling, and what good will that do you? he said if I would not give it him, he would knock me off the Horse ; before the Word was out of his Mouth , he struck me on the Arm with a Stick, that is not a large one , but very heavy, ( the stick was produced in Court ) with that my Horse ran away, and pulled him down; and he ran away, with that I cried, Stop Thief! and they stopped him; he was never out of my Sight; if I had not seen the Blow coming, and held up my Arm, he would have knocked me off my Horse .
Court. Then he did not knock you off your Horse ?
Kemp . No; but his Will was as good as if he did. I struck at him with this switch, and my young Horse pulled him down; with that he run among some People, and they stopped him.
Q. to 
               
                  John 
                  Stratford 
               



             What have you to say?
Stratford. I was going for my Lady in the Neighbourhood (I am a Chairman) and I heard this Gentleman cry stop Thief; I saw him run away from the Farmer , and I went and laid hold of him.
Q. to the Prisoner. Who have you to speak to your Character?
Prisoner. The Master I lived with last.


                  Henry 
                  Grittain 
               



            . I am a Seal Engraver; I live next Door to Barbers-hall , in Monkwell street , what Character I can give of him is that about three Years ago he lived with my Father, and then behaved very well.


                  William 
                  Osborne 
               



             . I only knew the Prisoner when he was at Mr Grittain's while he was there he behaved very well, I know nothing of him since.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


