





54. 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Perry 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Holland Shift, &c.
             the Property of 
               
                  Bartholina 
                  Cromarty 
               




            , on the 8th of January
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Bartholina Crom arty.) When did you miss these Goods?
Cromarty. Last Monday was sen'night in the Morning. We took her into our Service this Day fortnight about Three o'Clock in the Afternoon.
Q. Did you find any of your Goods upon her when you took her up?
Cromarty. Yes. That Cloak upon her Back, and the Handkerchief, I believe, she has now round her Neck.
Q. And did you know them to be your Goods?
Cromarty. Yes. And when I spoke to her of them, she gave me very ill Language, and said, I might take them away.
Q. As to the other Goods, a Long-Lawn Apron, two pair of Women's Pumps, one pair of Silver Buttons, did you find these?
Cromarty. No. I said to her, how can you serve me so? She told me she desir'd to be banish'd, she was weary of living here.
Prisoner. My Lord. These People are very notorious, they keep a notorious Bawdy-House. Neither did I ever wrong them of any Thing. Mistress, did you not tell me, that you took two Creatures into your House that run away with your Goods. My Lord, I serv'd my Mistress two Years ago and I went to her again: She was making Complaint that she had lost several Things, and she said her Husband had got a Writ against me. My Lord I don't chuse to be arrested in a wrong Cause. My Mistress said to me, my Dear, pray don't get yourself into a Jail.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Anne 
                  Anderson 
               



            .) What do you know of taking these Goods, were they found in her Possession?
Anderson. She had the Cloak upon her Back, the Shift upon her Back, and the Cap upon her Head.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) What have you to say for yourself?
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, but that I am got into vile Hands. She, the Witness, is one of the Pliers of the House, and is oblig'd to swear what they would have her.
Q. Have you any Witnesses?
Prisoner. No. My Lord, she said she would not hurt me. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


