





237. 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Clark 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mug, value 30 s.
             the goods of 
               



            , Feb. 15
.
- Bartlet . On Saturday last the Prisoner came to my house, and called for a pint of ale and some meat: in the afternoon he came and called for a tankard of ale; then he came in the kitchen, joined with company, and drank out of a tankard. He took an opportunity to take away a silver pint mug out of the kitchen; he likewise took a great coat, for the people saw him take it away on his back. We missed him in about ten minutes. He took also a scimitar . I live at Bristol; but having some business in London, and looking over the publick papers, I saw a silver pint-handle advertised ; I went and saw it, and swore to it. There are the letters of my name on it. I found, the man that brought it to the silversmith was in Newgate. I went, and found the man there; he acquainted me how he came by it, and gave me some directions where to find the Prisoner at the bar: I found him, and secured him, and the bill was found against the Prisoner. The other is still in Newgate. I hope he may be allow'd to give his evidence; he seems to be an honest man.


                  William 
                  Ryon 
               



             . The Prisoner at the bar delivered the silver handle to me betwixt Chipenham and Marlborough. I believe it was the tenth of this month. He overtook me and another young fellow upon the road; he told me he had belonged to the seas for a time, and seeing me to be a sailor, he said he wanted money, so he shewed me the handle, and I lent him half a crown upon it. I kept it in my pocket; and as he had no money when we came to town, he bid me keep it for the money he had of me; I went to a silversmith's shop, I cannot tell his name, a day or two after I came to town, and he stopped that and me, and I have been in prison ever since.
Mr. Watt . The last witness came last Wednesday was sen'night with this handle to me to fell; here are the letters upon it that the prosecutor named to me before he saw it. I know nothing of the prisoner; the prisoner confest he sold the body of it in Rosemary lane to one Mr. Gold for 4 s. per ounce.
Mr. Gold. The prisoner at the bar brought me the body of a tankard; he put it down and said, D - n it, while he was gone to sea his wife had made away with four, so he would have this; he said another man lived with her, &c. I do not know where it is now, I did not buy it.
Prisoner . I came to Mr. Gold's shop. His wife sent for me by a little girl. He scrupled first to buy it. He asked what I would have an ounce for it, and I ask'd him five shillings per ounce. His wife weighed it, it weigh'd six ounces and a half, and she paid me four shillings an ounce for it.
Gold. It is all false, my Lord; I have witnesses in Court, that can prove I did not buy it. If he would have let me have it for a shilling an ounce, I would not have bought it. I did not think he came honestly by it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


