





194. + 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Wilcox 
                  



               
             , of St. Butolph


 , Aldgate, was indicted for 


               stealing 15 Yards of printed Cotton, value 30 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Walker 
                        




                      
                   , in her Shop
            , March 18
.
Mrs. Walker. On the 18th of March last, I was call'd down Stairs into my Shop, and found the Prisoner, and several Neighbours in the Shop: My Servant charged her with having taken 15 Yards of printed Cotton, which was mine, and she said she had nothing to say, for she had had the Cotton; those were the very Words; and she hoped I would not prosecute her. This is the Cotton, it lay upon the Counter when I came down Stairs; 'tis mine - I am a single Woman.


                  James 
                  Woodward 
               



             . The Prisoner came into the Shop, on Little Tower-Hill


, with another Woman, on Tuesday the 18th of March last, under pretence of buying something. It was in the Morning, but I can't tell the Hour. The Woman that was with her, bought enough to make a Child's Frock, and paid 3 s. for that, and a Bit of Cambrick. When they came in, they asked for printed Cottons, to make a Frock; and I shew'd them this very Piece, but they did not like it then; so I let it lie on the Counter, and shew'd them Purple and White, some of which they bought. When the Prisoner's Companion had paid me the 3 s. the Prisoner went out of the Shop, and her Companion stood at the Door talking with me: but suspecting I had lost something, I stepp'd out, and took the Prisoner 5 or 6 Doors beyond our Shop; and when I had got her back into the Shop, she took this Cotton from under her Apron, and gave it me into my Hand.
Prisoner. I am innocent of taking the Linnen. The young Man ( Woodward ) took it up in the the Shop, but whether the other Woman left it there, or not, I can't tell. I did not give it him into his Hand; he took it off the Ground himself, and said, here's the Linnen.
Woodward. She herself deliver'd it to me, from under her Apron, and her Companion desired me not to pull her about so. The other Woman I let go.
Prisoner. And she is run away.
Woodward. I am sure the Prisoner is the Woman that deliver'd the Goods to me, when I had brought her back. They were above a quarter of an Hour looking on the Goods; and this Piece of Cotton lay under the other Goods I had shewn them.


                  Kezia 
                  Tingey 
               



             . The Prisoner own'd her Crime, when she was brought back, and begg'd prodigiously that she might not be prosecuted: she owned she had stole the Cotton, and that she had been drawn into it, by bad Company. This was on the 18th of March last, in Mrs. Walker's Dining-Room.
A Witness. I have known the Prisoner 19 Years: she has had 11 Children, and I nursed the youngest Child 3 Years. 'Her Father's Name is Mason, - a very honest Man; and she did keep a Publick-House, the Sign of the Swan , facing St Ann's Church, in St. Ann's Lane. She followed Needle-Work and Quilting
, and during the Time I have known her, I never missed her Conversation, till about half Year ago. Her Husband is Clerk to one Mr. Jordan, who fits Men out for the Sea: he is a very honest Man, and I never heard any harm of her. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


