





189. 
               
                  
                     Jeremy 
                     Casway 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               violently assaulting in the King's highway, 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Nash 
                        




                      
                  , with an intent to rob him
            , January 26
.


                  Stephen 
                  Nash 
               



             . On the 26th of January, betwixt eleven and twelve at night, the prisoner at the bar came to me in Well-close Square


, he hit me a blow on the left side of my head; it stunned me a little. I did not quite fall to the ground; he laid hold of my collar, and said, stand and deliver your money; I told him he was come at a wrong time, for I had no money; he insisted on my delivering: I said I had not one farthing, and if you doubt it, said I, feel in my pocket; then he felt my wristbands for my buttons; saying, give me your buttons; I said they are but penny buttons , and will do you no service; he said they are silver ones, and I'll have them; I said, if you will have them, you shall; so I pretended to take them out myself to give him, so let me go; his stick being all the while over my head, and I feared another blow; I looked round and saw none else near me, with that I stepped in, and hit him a blow with my fist; then we had something of a tussle together; he finding me resolute let the stick go, which fell to the ground; I took it up and ran after him, and cried out watch! watch! till I got down a place that comes into Ratcliff Highway, he turned towards East Smithfield ; when I was just at him he turned short down an alley, I think they call it White Horse alley; there is a step or two , and he fell down; and I jumped upon him and laid hold of his collar, and told him if he made any resistance I would knock his brains out. The constable met me with the prisoner, and before him at Justice Manwaring's he confest the thing: Likewise told us of a house in Church-lane, where, he said, if he carried any thing in the night, it would be received.


                  Stephen 
                  Pett 
               



             . I am beadle of the parish of St. John's, Wapping; my duty at the watch-house is four nights a-week. On the 26th of January I was on duty; betwixt eleven and twelve, near twelve, in East Smithfield I heard the cry, watch ! watch! with that I ordered the watchmen to light up their candles ; I told them I thought some body was in pursuit; by and by I must the noise; presently I heard it again; then before we got well out at the door, the prosecutor was bringing the prisoner to the watch-house; he asked for the constable of the night, and had this stick in his hand: He told me this was the stick the prisoner struck him with; it had an iron ferrel on the end, but I have lost the ferrel; his face then was muddy, and a mark on his head like a blow with a dirty stick .
Q. Was there any blood?
Pett. I saw no blood, my Lord. We went before Justice Manwaring with the prisoner; he said he was sorry for what he had done; adding it was the first time that ever he was out.
Prisoner's defence. I was a little in liquor when I did it, my Lord.



               Guilty
            



               transportation
             .
