







289, 290, 291. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Treacle 
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hamilton 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Storer 
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing 20 Hundred Weight of Lead, fixed to a House belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Greenhill 
                        




                      
                  , his Property
            , January 21
.


                  William 
                  Bishop 
               



            . 
               
                  George 
                  Treacle 
               



             is a Shoemaker
: About a Month before Christmas, about 4 in the Afternoon, he and I went into an empty House, the second House to the Corner of Hosier Lane


, belonging to Mr. Greenhill; Treacle had a small Chissel, and took the Sink out of the Wood, and we got a Saw, and cut the Sink and the Cistern to Pieces; he carried one Part, and I carried another to a Plumber's in Castle-Street, by Brokers-Alley; we sold it there for 10 s. a Hundred; there was one Parcel something above a Hundred Weight, we parted the Money between us; I had 5 s. or within a Trifle of it. Another Time, Treacle and I took a Piece of a leaden Pipe about half an Hundred Weight, which came to a Crown, and that we had between us. About 3 Weeks after, about 11 or 12 at Night, Hamilton and I took about a Hundred and an half Weight of Lead off the Balcony of Mr. Greenhill's House, and sold it to a Widow-Plumber in Parker's-Lane; it came to 14 or 15 s. and the Money was divided between Hamilton and 
               
                  I.
                   Thomas Storer
               



             and I went to a House belonging to Mr. Greenhill, broke a Hole through the Roof, and got into the Gutters, and took about 1 Hundred and three Quarters of Lead; and we carried some of it to the Widow Jeddery in Middle-Row, which came to 7 s. and the Money was divided between us.
Pris. Storer. I have nothing to say; I know he is a vile Rogue. I think such a Person as that ought not to be admitted an Evidence.


                  Rob 
                  Jones 
               



            . I know Mr. Greenhill's Houses have been robbed to the Amount of two Tons of Lead, though I have set down but one Ton.


                  Tho 
                  Wells 
               



            . There are three Gutters taken off three Houses in Smithfield, and some off the House at Hosier-Lane End.


                  Tho.
                   Wibb
               



            . 
               
                  John 
                  Hamilton 
               



             was a very honest Servant to me; he went away 10 or 12 Days before Whitsuntide; he hurt his Hand, and that was the Reason he left me. - I am a Ginger-bread Baker in St. Thomas's.
Will. Waite. I have trusted Hamilton with a great many Parcels of Grocery Goods, and always found him honest and faithful; some was about two Months since. All three 

               Guilty
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


