





263. + 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Mockridge 
                  



               
            , of Hanwell


 , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           Deborah 
                           Wild 
                        




                      
                   , in the Day-Time, no Person being therein, and stealing a Silk Gown, val. 10 s. a Camblet Gown, val. 10 s. a Petticoat, val. 4 s. a Pair of Stays, val. 6 s. a Tablecloth, val. 10 s. a Pair of Sheets, val. 8 s. a Silver Punch-Ladle, val. 20 s. a Silver Spoon, val. 10 s. a Silver Tea Spoon, val. 18 d. a Gold Ring, val. 20 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Wild 
               



            . May 18
.


                  Deborah 
                  Wild 
               



            . My House is a little beyond the old Hatch at Hanwell


, just before you come to the Common; it was broke open yesterday, about five o'Clock in the Afternoon; the Window-Shutters were broke, and the Windows taken out; there was no Body in the House; I left it about three o'Clock in the Afternoon; the Door was locked up, I and my three Girls were weeding in the Fields, (she mentioned the Goods which she lost, as laid in the Indictment) they were done up in two Bundles; some of the Things were locked up in a large Box in a Room below Stairs, (for we have nothing above Stairs) the Linnen was in a Trunk under the Dresser; the Camblet Cloaths were in an old Fashion great Chest in the Chamber; my Son sent me Word that some Body was in the House, and had bolted the Door that he could not get in, and when I came home I found the Things all bundled up in the House ready to be carried off, and the Prisoner and my Son there.
Q. What did you say to the Prisoner, or she to you?
Deb. Wild. I asked her how she came there; she said she found the Door open, and a Man in the House. I asked her where the Man was, she said she did not know, that she asked the Man where the Woman of the House was, and he said he did not know, but would go and see for her.
Q. Did you know her?
Deb. Wild. I had seen her once before.
Q. Did she ever live in your Town?
Deb. Wild. No, she never did.


                  Henry 
                  Wild 
               



             . I was coming Home to get a bit of Victuals yesterday, about five o'Clock in the Afternoon, and found the Prisoner in my Mother's House; when I came to the Door, I took the Key and went to unlock the Door, and could not get in. I went round the House, and thought there was something more than ordinary, but I could not see that any thing was the Matter; I came to the Door a second Time, and I believe she saw me, and bolted the Door again. I went a little Distance off, and over a Hedge, (I suppose she thought I was gone) and then she opened the Door; I went up to her, and asked her what Business she had there, and how she got in, she said the Door was open; said I, that cannot be, for I had the Key in my Pocket .
Q. How did you find the Windows?


                  Henry 
                  Wild 
               



            . They were all done up in Appearance as they used to be, but when I came to look they were broke, and the Casement was taken out, they were not so when I went out last; there was one Bundle lying in a Chair close to the Door, and another Bundle on the Bed .
Prisoner . I know nothing of it. When I went to the Door, the Door was open, and a young Man was there chopping of Sticks; I asked him for Mrs Wild, he said she was not at Home, but if I would set down, he would call her. I went there about a Bed my Husband had bargained with her for, and had not fetched away according to the Time appointed, and I went to see whether she had disposed of it. I have sent for my Husband but he could not come.
Deb. Wild . She was in my House once before, and never but once; she said she lived at Turnham-Green , but I do not know where she lives. The Man that goes for her Husband (but he is not her Husband) came to me and bargained for a Bed, but he never came for it.
Prisoner. You have been at my House at Brentford .
Deb. Wild. I was once at her House at Brentford . - I never had any Acquaintance with her. She was carried before Justice Clitheroe yesterday, and was in Custody all Night at a Publick-House at Hanwell , and brought here this Morning by eight o'Clock; she sent a Boy to her Husband, but he did not come to her. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


