






221, 222. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Webb 
                  



                
             , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ravener 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a Ham, val. 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cooke 
                  




                
            , in the Parish of St Paul Covent-Garden


 , April 13
.


                  John 
                  Cooke 
               



            . I keep the Globe-Tavern in Bridge's-street, in Covent-Garden




. This Ham I lost out of my House last Sunday, and it is my Property.


                  John 
                  Thompson 
               



             . Last Sunday Night, about nine o'Clock, I was going for a Pint of Beer for my Mistres's Supper, and saw the 2 Prisoners lurking about Mr Cooke's Back-door. When I returned, I found them still lurking backwards and forwards; at last I saw Ravener go in; Webb stood with his Back against the Rails before the Door, and cry'd several Times to the other, - Go it, - go it. Presently after this, Ravener came out with something under his Arm, and I ran after him, and said, - Tou Dog, I have you! upon which he let fall the Ham between the Posts, and I took it up, and carry'd it into the House. Then Mr Cooke's Man and I pursued them, and took them at the upper End of Charles-Street, Covent-Garden. This is the Ham; I did not see any Marks upon it; but I am sure I carry'd in the same Ham, which the Prisoner dropped.
Mr Cooke . This is the Ham the Witness brought in, and it is mine.
Thompson . When we came up with the two Prisoners, I took hold of Webb, and Ravener attempted to run away; but the next Witness pursued him, and knock'd him down; so we carry'd them before Colonel De Veil, and they said nothing at all for themselves.
Robert Hall confirmed Thompson's Evidence with regard to his bringing in the Ham again, and the taking the two Prisoners.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Waldo 
               



             saw the two Prisoners lurking about Mr Cooke's Door; Ravener asked her to drink with him, but she saw nothing of the Ham. Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


