





2. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Crispe , otherwise 
Ridge




               
            , indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, 1 bed-quilt, val. 5 s. 2 blankets, val. 6 s. 2 linen sheets, val. 4 s. 2 chain bed-curtains, val. 3 s. 1 looking-glass, val. 5 s. 1 copper sauce pan, val. 3 s. 1 pair of bellows, val. 1 s. 2 linen pillowbears, val. 1 s.
             the goods and chattels of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Elby 
               



            .
Q. to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Elby 
               



            . Do you know the Prisoner?
Elby. The Prisoner lodged at my house about this time twelvemonth, and she has been about eight or nine weeks gone; her lodgings were a two pair of stairs room furnish'd; I know of the goods being lost, I suppose the goods were taken away at different times, she could not take them all at once.


                  Jane 
                  Elby 
               



            . There were taken away, a bed-quilt, a blanket, two sheets, a bolster, two pillowbears, a saucepan and cover, a stewpan, a tea-kettle, a looking-glass, a flat iron, &c. a pair of bellows, a table-cloth; all these goods were in her lodgings. I mist the goods in October.
Q. Who had the key of the lodging?
Elby. She had the key: she had a husband, but not at the time when we mist these goods; she left her lodgings, and carried the key away, and I sent after her; she took a lodging by Red-Lion square when I sent to her, and she sent the key; then I examined the lodging, and I mist these goods; after that I saw her the first time in the street, and I askt her for the things, and she said, she would bring them if I would not hurt her; she said she had pawned some of them at Mr. Sayer's in Wild-street, and some in Hart street, and some in the Savoy. We got a search-warrant, and she went with us to the pawnbroker's: we went to Mr. Sayer's first, and there we found the quilt, blanket, &c. then we went to Mr. Crew's in Hart street, and there I found the stew-pan and iron; we found all at these several pawnbrokers, except a tablecloth and two pillowbears, and the stew-pan; the stew-pan was taken out of a lodger's room.
- Sherwood pawnbroker. The prisoner brought to my shop about eleven months ago a tea-kettle and two blankets, and about seven months ago, two sheets; I have known the prisoner seven years, she used to work for a shoemaker, in our neighbourhood: at another time she brought a quilt.
- Parry. I am a pawnbroker. Last June the prisoner brought me a glass, and about two months ago she brought me a stew-pan, and at the same time a flat iron.
Q. What have you to say for yourself?
Prisoner. I did it in my husband's time, I did not intend to wrong them of the goods: I intended to bring them again, and it was out of mere necessity.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


