





306. 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Haws 
                  



               
             , of St. Mary le Strand


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a linen apron, value 2 s. a cotton handkerchief, value 1 s. a pair of stockings, value 2 s. a straw hat, value 2 s. and 2 cloaks, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Davis 
                  




                
            , May 21
.


                  Ann 
                  Davis 
               



            . On the Tuesday morning, May 22d, I found the cellar door open, and a little window, both the cloaks hung up in the kitchen, and the other things lay upon the dresser. To the best of my remembrance they were there on Monday night, between 8 and 9 o'clock; we go to bed pretty early, because at this time of the year we get up at 3 or 4 o'clock to go a milking. I believe they heard somebody and that disturbed them, and so they went away. I opened the door, and there was a man coming by, I desired the man to let me light a candle. I said, God Almighty bless you, be so good as to go down with me, for I fastened the cellar door when I went to bed, and this little window, and they are broke open; we searched, but there was no body. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Causton 
               



             my Carrier brought the Prisoner to me with my hat, apron, and handkerchief upon her; and she said, I might take them. I said no, I will not take them, I will send for an Officer: she said she pawned one cloak to Mr. Stringer for 3 s. and the other to Mr. Chambers for 2 s. and the stockings for 15 d.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Causton 
               



             . I met the Prisoner by Clare-Market, and I saw my mistress's hat, apron, and handkerchief upon her. I said Kate, How came you by those things, they are my mistress's ? She said she bought them at the end of Monmouth-street, and gave 2 s. for them and a quartern of gin. I said, You must go along with me, and if you will not go with me by fair means, you shall by foul; she wanted to get away from me, and untied her apron three times to get away, but I brought her to my mistress.


                  George 
                  Stringer 
               



            . The Prisoner brought this cloak to me to pawn, and I lent her 3 s. upon it; she said she had been to see a man hang'd in Hyde-Park.
Prisoner. No; shot in Hyde-Park.
Stringer. I ask pardon, I mistook. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


