





319. + 
               
                  John 
                  Martin 
               



            , of St. James Clerkenwell


. was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Massey 
                        




                      
                  , in the night time, and stealing three blankets, value 10 s. a quilt, value 3 s. and a sheet, value 2 s. his property
            , May 6
.


                  Abraham 
                  Mossey 
               



            . On the 6th of May I had some company, they went away about eleven o'clock, and when I was going to bed the bedclothes were all stripped off the bed. I saw the Prisoner when he was going before the Alderman, and asked him if he was one of the persons that robbed a house on Clerkenwell Green


, and he said he was.


                  James 
                  Bye 
               



            . This Martin belonged to the Black Boy Alley gang: the Prisoner, and I, and Jeffs, (who is executed) went out about the sixth of May with an intent to go a robbing. Martin took a hanger, I had a dark lanthorn, and Jeffs had two bunches of keys: we went into a Court on Clerkenwell Green, and heard some people talking in the parlour, and Jeffs said this is the house, let us wait for it. we stood I believe about a couple of minutes, and Martin went and opened the outer door, which opened with a latch, and the stairs went strait up from the door; he said he would go up and try if he could open the kin door, which is a nickname we have for a parlour door: he gave Jeffs the hanger, went up stairs into the room, threw up the sash, and threw out three blankets, a quilt, and a sheet, and Jeffs catched them. We sold them to Mrs. Lucas (wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lucas 
               



            , who is executed) for five shillings, and we divided the money between us, and went to the notified Hawkins's in Golden Lane, who harbours nothing but thieves from morning till night.


                  Sarah 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I shut the door fast between nine and ten at night.
The Jury 


               acquitted him of the burglary, and found him guilty of the felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


