





153. + 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Thackham 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-House of Rich. Hollingsworth, between One and Two in the Night, and stealing twenty Pair of Leather Clogs, val. 3 l. and one Pair of Leather Pattens, val. 3 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Hollingsworth 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling-House
            , January 8
.


                  Richard 
                  Hollingsworth 
               



            . I live in Blackmoor-street, Clare-Market


 : On January the 8th, my House was broke open and I was robbed; I went to Bed about One o'Clock : The Window-Shutter was up, and all fast as I thought, but the Prisoner had stole the Pin out of the Window Shutter: When I got up about Eight o'Clock on Sunday Morning, I found one of the Shutters was down, and taken away; the Glass was broke, and all the Goods taken out of the Window, it was a fixed Sash that could not be moved. Missing my Goods, I advertised them, and had some Bills given to the Shoemakers, for I thought they might be sold to some-body of the Trade : Mr Laws came to me, and told me, he believed he had bought some of my Goods; he said there were two Pair of plain Clogs; on the Thursday following, he sent his Man with another Pair, I went, and the Prisoner was secured: They were my Cloge, these are the Goods, the Prisoner served his Time with me, which was out about fourteen Months ago; I charged him with being concerned in the Fact, and he said, that himself, Johnson, and Morris, were concerned in this robbery: On the Saturday Night, he said he watched my Wife into the Closet, and while she was there, he stole the Key and Pin out of the Window; that they came again about Two o'Clock, and took the Bar and Shutter down, and took the Goods out of the Window; that they divided them among them. He sold them for Six-pence a Pair less than they cost me.


                  Andrew 
                  Laws 
               



            . The Prisoner brought some Clogs to my House, and I bought them, as I had bought of him several Times before; I did not suspect them to be stole, till I had seen Mr Hollingsworth's Advertisement. He came to me again, and I stopped him, and Mr Hollingsworth came and owned the Goods. The Prisoner said, that late on Saturday Night, he watched an Opportunity, when the good Woman's Back was turned, and whipt the Key and Pin out of the Window-Shutter, and waited till about two or three in the Morning, and then took the Shutter down, broke a Pane of Glass, and took out twenty Pair of Clogs, and one Pair of Leather Pattens; that they divided them, and there was seven Pair a Piece; and he impeached two others. - Colonel De Veil asked him whether he had any Body concerned with him, and at first he said no; the Colonel told him it would be better for him to confess the Truth, as he might have an Opportunity of saving himself; then he fell a crying, confessed it, and told us his Accomplices; he said he was the Projector of the Thing, and was concerned with them.
Prisoner. Ask him, when he bought them of me, whether he did not think I could make them for the Money he gave me, or that he could buy them of other People so?
Laws. We always buy cheaper of them than we do of a Shop-Keeper. They will sometimes give their Labour away, and they can afford to sell them cheaper than a Shop-Keeper can. I detected him as soon as I suspected they were stole.
Prisoner. My Master says he did not see the Shutter down till Eight o'Clock in the Morning; if it was broke at Two, How could the Watchman go by so often without seeing it, and letting him know it?
Hollingsworth. Then you question whether it was broke open at all?
Prisoner. I do not believe it was broke open?


                  Elizabeth 
                  Wilson 
               



            . Last Thursday was five Weeks, I landed at Somerset-House; I came from Billings-gate; I met a Woman with something in her Apron, and asked her what it was, she said a Pair of Clogs. I asked her what she would have for them, she said Eighteen-pence, and I said I would give her Sixteen-pence; and I would have bought them, if they would have fitted the Shoes I have on, [set looked over the Clogs] Let me see, - these are not them, - these are the Clogs that the Woman offered me, I can swear to them from fifty Pair.
Hollingsworth. This Creature goes for his Wife.
Wilson. I never went for his Wife, I never saw him before.
Prisoner. He has had a Reward for convicting a Man before, and he thinks to take away my Life for the Reward.
Hollingsworth. I never was in Court before, but upon the Jury.
Wilson. The Prisoner was not the Person that offered me the Clogs, it was a Man and a Woman together, who were selling Things in the Street.



                  Jane 
                  Wallis 
               



             and 
               
                  Frances 
                  Grew 
               



             said they have trusted the Prisoner with Things of Value, and he never wronged them. 


               Guilty of the Felony, acquitted * of the Burglary.
            

* As it may be thought by some Persons, that this Verdict is not exactly agreeable to the Evidence, it may be presumed, that the Reason which the Jury went upon was, that the Prisoner was at least advised, if not encouraged, to confess, in Hopes of being made easy; and as this Confession was given, as it were, under publick Faith, the Jury might very well throw that out of the Case; and then there is not sufficient Evidence of the Burglary, for Mr Hollingsworth knew not that his House was broke open till Eight o'Clock in the Morning, and therefore it might have been done after it was Light, in which Case the Offence is not Burglary




[Transportation. See summary.]


