





347. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Carne 
                  



               
            , of the precinct of St. Catherine's


, was indicted for 


               stealing nine guineas, the property of 
                     
                        Clas 
                        Fanaltena 
                     




                  , privately from his person
            , June 11
.
[The Prosecutor and the Prisoner being both Dutch, an interpreter was sworn. ]
Q. to Clas Fanaltena. Do you know the Prisoner?
Fanaltena. I know the Prisoner at the bar very well; she lives in a house, in an alley on Tower-Hill


.
Q. Does she keep a publick-house
?
Fanaltena. She has nothing to sell; it is her own house, and she lives in it. About four weeks ago I was at her house, and she took my money out of my pocket; she took nine guineas.
Q. What made you go there?
Fanaltena. I came out of a publick-house, and was going to my lodging; she asked me for a pint of beer, and I went into her house; she said she had no beer, but brought two or three bottles of cyder; she asked for the money, and I gave her a guinea, but she would give me no change; and when I gave her this guinea, I had eight guineas more; I then fell asleep, and slept till about two o'clock, and she would have me pay for two bottles of cyder, or she would take my coat off.
Q. When did you lose this money?
Fanaltena. I lost it when I was asleep; and it is well known, to herself and the Justice, that she is the person that had it; she owned herself, that she took the money out of my pocket.
Q. What language was it in?
Fanaltena. In Dutch. She said before the Justice, that she took it out of my pocket.
Prisoner. He has been in my company for a fortnight, and before he went to sea. How did I steal the money from you?
Fanaltena. I will swear to it, and stand by it.
Prisoner. He was drunk, and gave the money into my hand. I wish the devil may carry me away, if he did not give me the money.
Fanaltena. I am sure I was not drunk, for I had only a share of a pot of beer, and I could drink ten before I should be touched.
Q. Was not you acquainted with her before?
Fanaltena. I might see her in the street, but I never was acquainted with her.
Prisoner. I can bring witnesses to prove it.
Mr. Barron. The Prosecutor lodges with me; and when the Prisoner was taken up, the headborough brought her to my house, and she talked good English, and she said she would give a note of hand for the money, if the Prosecutor would not carry her before the Justice, to be paid when her husband comes home.
Q. What did the Prosecutor charge her with?
Barron. He charged her with eight guineas, and she said she would give her hand seriven (that is a note of hand) for the money.


                  Robert 
                  Sutton 
               



            . I took up the Prisoner, and car ried her before a Justice; she owned she had eight guineas, and would pay it when her husband came home; she offered two guineas and an half down to make up the affair, and a note of hand for the remainder.
Q. Can she speak English?
Sutton. She can speak English as well as I can
Prisoner. He came to my house every day.
Q. Ask her whether she meddled with his money?
Prisoner. He put the money into my hand, and he was as drunk as a hoy; he gave me the money but in the morning he repented that he gave it me, and I gave him three pounds twelve shillings back, in three guineas, and nine shillings.
Q. to Fanaltena. Did you receive three guineas and nine shillings back of her?
Fanaltena. I did receive three guineas and nine shillings.
[The Prisoner, though she pretended at first that she could not speak English, was asked whether she could speak English, she said Yes very plain.]




               Guilty of the felony, and acquitted of privately stealing
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


