





457. + 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Walgrove 
                  



               
             of St Ann's Middlesex


 , was indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of William Drake, about 12 in the Forenoon, no Person being therein, and stealing a Brass Pottage Pot, val. 10 s. a Drugget Coat, val. 10 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Evans 
                        



                      
                  , and a Linnen Sheet, val. 1 s. and a Brass Cock, val. 2 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Drake 
               




             , Sept. 13
.


                  Martha 
                  Drake 
               



            . On the 22d Day of September last, I went on Board the Russel Man of War, at Spithead . When I went out, I put Padlocks on my Doors, and left them fast; and on the 2d of October I had Word sent me, that I was robbed. I came to Town directly, and found that I had lost the Goods mentioned in the Indictment; and the Kitchen Window, which looks into a Back-Yard, was taken down.


                  Ann 
                  Shippery 
               



            . I went down to the House, and found the Bar of the Window down, and that the Window had been open'd. It is in a little Frame, and was put up only to give Light to the Kitchen. The Yard of the House, where the Prisoner lives, is next but one to this Woman's House; so I went to ask him about it, and he hid himself; but we took him before the Justices at White-Chapel, where he own'd he took the Pot, and said, that a flung a String round it, and haul'd it out.


                  Daniel 
                  Jones 
               



            . I happen'd to be standing in Mr. Harris's Shop, between 6 and 7 in the Morning, and saw the Prisoner tying a Pot up in a Sack, I asked him what he was going to do with it? he said, he was going with it to Moorfields. Mr. Harris stepp'd up to him, and said, he believed it was stole. He brought the Pot over to Mr. Watts's; but the Prisoner ran away. He was taken again, and before the Justice he owned, that he took it out of the House,
Prisoner. They lay Things to my charge which I know nothing of: I broke no Locks, and the Window was down.


                  John 
                  Bullock 
               



            . The Prisoner told me that he took it out of my House. It is now in my Custody, I shewed the Woman that very Pot which was taken on the Prisoner, and she owned it. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


