





181. 
               
                  Grace 
                  Maud 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one Woman's Serge Gown, value 6 d. two Pair of Worsted Stockings, value 2 d. a Handkerchief, value 1 d. one Cloth Coat , value 5 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Anthony 
                     Lawrence 
                  




                
             , April 11
.


                  Anthony 
                  Lawrence 
               



            . On the 11th of April, I lost a green Cloth Coat, a Woman's Gown and Petticoat .
Q. Who does the Gown and Petticoat belong to?
Lawrence. To my Wife; and I lost two Pair of Worsted Stockings and a Linen Handkerchief .
Q. Where did you lose them from?
Lawrence. Out of my Lodging .
Q. What have you to say against the Prisoner at the Bar, with respect to these things?
Lawrence. I lost them the 11th of April, I did not see her take them; she dropped them at the Bottom of the Stairs, then she run away.
Q. to 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Short 
               



            . Where do you live?
Short. Next Door to the King's head, in Queen's-Street Bloomsbury , my Mother and Father keeps the House, and Lawrence lodges at our House; I was going up Stairs , so I called at one of our Lodger's Room (about seven o'Clock at Night) one Mr Boyce, and as we were talking together, he says , Daniel, there is some Body coming down Stairs; so I went and looked, and saw the Woman coming down Stairs .
Q. Do you know the Woman?
Short. Yes, the Prisoner is the Woman.
Q. Had she these things in her Hand ?
Short. Yes, she had these things, and I cried out, Mother, a Thief! she was below Stairs .
Q. What did the Prisoner do then?
Short. She ran down Stairs, and stared me in the Face.
Q. Did you see her throw down the things ?
Short. Yes, and my Mother and a Boy pursued her.
Q. How soon after did they take her?
Short. Not long, I believe, about five or six Minutes .
Court. Are you sure that is the very Woman you saw coming down Stairs?
Short. Yes, I am sure of it.
Q. Was it quite Day light?
Short. It was middling.
Q. to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Short 
               



            . What Relation are you to the last Witness ?
Short. I am his Mother-in-law .
Q. What have you to say to the Fact that the Prisoner at the Bar is charged with?
Short. I sent the Boy up Stairs on an Errand, and he stayed about five Minutes; and he cried out, Mother , there is a Thief! I ran up Stairs, and saw the Cloaths at the Bottom of the Entry; I was in the Kitchen, the Prisoner run towards Russel-street; a Boy, one Boyce , that was with me, took her in Duke-street; he cried stop Thief, and they stopped her, till I came up to her, then I charged her with the Fact; I did not know but she might have had something else, or I should not have troubled myself to have went after her.
Q. to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Boyce 
               



            . Do you lodge in Mrs. Short's House?
Boyce. Yes, Sir.
Q. Do you know of any Goods taken out of the House?
Boyce. On the 11th of April , the Boy, a former Witness, came up Stairs to me; I said to the Boy , there is some Body gone up Stairs, I suppose 'tis Mr Lawrence; while the Boy and I were talking, I thought I heard some Body come softly down Stairs, so the Boy opens the Door, and cries out , Mother, here's a Thief; when I came down, the Cloaths were at the Bottom of the Stairs; as soon as I came to the Door, this Gentleman that lives opposite to us, he was leaning over the Door; I said, do you know which Way the Woman ran? he told me; with that I ran after her, and turned the next Turning, and I saw the Woman running in the middle of the Street, and I called out Stop Thief! with that she partly stopped herself, so I overtook her, but she denied it ; when I came up to her, she seemed to be quite out of Breath .
Burgess Wilson. I live opposite to Mrs Short's, I was leaning ever the Hatch, the 11th of April, about seven o'Clock at Night, and I saw the Prisoner come out of the House; she run very fast, and turned the Corner on the Left-hand .
Q. to the Prisoner . What have you to say for yourself ?
Prisoner . My Lord, I have a Husband abroad; I had lost a Child with one , that was sick, and as I was going along the Street, one cried Stop Thief ! I do not know, where they live.



               Guilty
            .
[When the Prisoner was brought to the Bar, to receive Sentence for 


               Transportation
             , she cried much, and pleaded for corporal Punishment ; but as she had been at the Bar before for the like Offence, it was not granted; when Sentence was past for Transportation she very impudently replied to the Recorder, that she had rather he had cast her for her Life.]
