





343. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Gregory 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eighteen Yards of printed Cotton
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bayley 
                  




                
            , July the 25th
.


                  James 
                  Bayley 
               



            . On the 25th of July the Prisoner was sent of an Errand to my House. She enquired for one Wilson that lodges at my House. My Wife told her he was not within; so my Wife went out of the Shop to shut the Street-Door at the same time the Prisoner reach'd over her Hand, and took thin Piece of printed Cotton out of the Shop.
Q. Was you at Home ?
Bayley. No.
Q. Is your Wife here ?
Bayley. My Wife is ill a bed.
Q. What did you hear the Prisoner say?
Bayley. She acknowledged before two Witnesses, that she had carried it to Hog lane, to a Green Shop in St. Giles's. She acknowledged she had taken this Piece of Cotton. I have been robb'd before nine or ten times.
Q. Did she produce the Cotton?
Bayley. She begg'd the Favour that I would not take any Notice of it to her Mistress, or Relations.
Q. And what did you tell her?
Bayley. I told her I would take no further notice of it; but I says, seemingly to me this don't seem to be all the Cotton, I fancy if you have not cut off some, the Person where you carried it has? When I came Home I measured the Piece of Goods, and I thought I could tell there was five Yards cut off from it, and I sent to her Master, and her Mistress tax'd her, but she never acknowledg'd it till twelve o'Clock on Monday.
Q. Was you by when she acknowledged it?
Bayley. I was; but it was a great while before her Mistress, and the Person that recommended her to her Mistress, could get her to own it; after this, they went to the Pawnbroker's and got the Goods.
- Cockayne. On the 25th of July, she said, in case the Prosecutor would go with her, she would help him to his Linen: accordingly I went with her, and saw her deliver the Goods to him, she owned she took it out of the Shop.
The Prisoner had nothing to offer by way of Defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


