





364. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Paine 
                  



               
             , of St Matthew Friday-street


, was indicted for 


               stealing 23 Pence Halfpenny
            , the Money of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Marshall 
                  




                
            , August 25
.
Mr Marshall. The Prisoner came to live with me as a Servant
, about the 14th of July last: [I am an Oilman
 in Friday street


.] While he was in my Service, I miss'd Money several Times out of a little petty Drawer, which we call the Till: so on Friday, August 22, having taken Notice of what was in it, I went out early in the Morning, and left only the Prisoner and another Servant in the Shop. I returned in about an Hour, and miss'd 4 d. On Sabbath-Day following I got up early in the Morning, and saw there was Six-pence Half-penny in the Till ; when Afternoon-Sermon was over there was Three-Pence gone. About six o'Clock (the same Day) I call'd my Son, and we went down Stairs, and we marked two Six-pences, and eighteen Pennyworth of Copper, which we put into the Till. On Monday Morning I got up at 5 o'Clock, and then we miss'd 1 s. and 2 d. of the marked Money. After this I went out, leaving the Prisoner alone in the Shop; and I sent a Person to buy several Things, for which I sent home mark'd Money. Out of this Money I miss'd 21 d. when I returned. Then I sent for Mr Makepeace the Constable, and having taken the Prisoner up into my Dining-Room, I tax'd him with having wrong'd me, and told him I had miss'd Money several Times. He deny'd all; but upon obliging him to pull out what Money he had in his Pocket, I found a Shilling and a Sixpence in Silver, and 11 Halfpence of the mark'd Money. He had more Money upon him, but it not being marked, I cannot swear to it. I then carried him before Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Rous 
               



             , and he committed him. He acknowledged the Fact, and when I told him I had mark'd the Money, he said, - the Devil tempted him to do it. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


