





27. 
               
                  
                     Amy 
                     Gray 
                  , alias 
Davis, alias 
Reason




            , of St. James's Clerkenwell


 was indicted for 


               stealing in the House of 
                     
                        John 
                        Maydon 
                     



                   , an East India Bond , No. 11734, for the Payment of 100 l. one other East-India Bond, N. 11736, for the Payment of 100 l. and one other Bond N. 11737, for the Payment of the like Sum
            ; the Property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Maydon 
                  




                
             , March. 29
. she was a second Time indicted for stealing the aforesaid Bonds in the House of Elizabeth Way, March 29.
The Counsel for the Prosecution having opened the Indictment , and the Nature of the Evidence which should be offered to support it, the Witnesses were called .



                  Martha 
                  Alexander 
               



             was called and sworn.
Coun . Do you know any thing of three Bonds, which were in the House of Mr. Way at the Time of his Death?
Alexander. Yes, they were the property of Mr. Maydon ; the Numbers of them were, 11734, 11736, and 11737; and they were in the House when Mr. Way died. After Mr. Way was dead, Mr. Maydon, as chief Creditor, put a Man into possession of the House.
Coun . What were these Bonds?
Alexander. They were East-India Bonds, for 100 l. apiece .
Coun. Do you know any thing of the Prisoner's taking them?
Alexander. We found it out by very good Witnesses, that she took them; she acknowledged it, and paid back part of the Money.
Coun. What did she say, when she acknowledged it?
Alexander. At first she said, she never saw them; and afterwards she owned, that they were given to her by a little Boy.
Council. When did Mr. Way die?
Alexander. He died on Monday, the 23 d of March last.
Coun . You say, that the Bonds were for 100 l. apiece, and that she owned she had them; did she own that she received the Money?
Alexander . Yes, and said she had got about 250 l. of the Money left, which she would give us; and if it ever lay in her power, she would make Satisfaction for the Money that was spent.
Coun. Did she tell you to whom these Bonds were sold?
Alexander. She said, that Mr. Bradshaw in Leadenhall-street had sold them for her, and brought her the Money; but before the Bonds were sold, she went to the East-India House to receive the interest.
Coun. Who was present when she owned this?
Alexander. There were Mr. Greenaway , Mr. Maydon, and the Constable; and she said, she had received the Money in the Names of 
               
                  Amy 
                  Gray 
               



             , and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Eadey 
               



            .
Prisoner. Ask her where these Things were laid in Way's House?
Alexander. They lay on a Shelf in a little place, which we call the Coal-hole.


                  John 
                  Maydon 
               



             . I took out Letters of Administration, upon Mr. Way's Death.
The Letters of Administration were read.
Mr. Maydon . I entered into the House, and was in possession of it; but knew of no Bonds, 'till a Girl gave me Information of them.
Coun . What were these Bonds?
Maydon. They were East-India Bonds, No. 11734, 11736, and 11737, for 100 l. apiece.
Coun . Did you know what became of them?
Maydon. We heard that they were sold to one Bradshaw . The Prisoner was taken on Suspicion of stealing them, and denied that she saw any Bonds for a great while, 'till Bradshaw was sent for, and then she was sensible that she had sold them.
Coun. When Bradshaw came, what did she say?
Maydon. She said, she had sold 3 Bonds of 100 l. apiece, and had received 300 l. for them, and that she had got some of the Money in a Box in Southwark . We went there, and found the Box in a Brandy shop; she gave us leave to break it open, and we found 250 l. which she owned was part of the Money; and she said, she would make Satisfaction for what was spent: she likewise owned, that she had received the Interest at the East-India House, but I did not hear her say, in what Name she received it.
C. You say, you did not know when Way died, that these Bonds were in the House.
Maydon. No, I did not know any thing of them 'till a Girl brought me Information, that they were stolen out of the House.


                  Henry 
                  Sedgewick 
               



             . I am a Broker, and was employed by Mrs. Way to buy these Bonds, on the 23d of September, 1740.
Coun . What Bonds were they?
Sedgewick. They were India Bonds for a hundred Pounds a piece, the Numbers were 11734, 11736, and 11737, and the Penalty of each Bond was 200 l.
Coun. To whom did you deliver these Bonds?
Sedgewick. To Mrs. Way, and she paid 300 l. 16 s. and 4 d. for them.
Prisoner. I desire Mrs. Alexander may be asked how these Bonds came into her Custody?
Alexander. Mrs. Way who was my Aunt, was troubled with Fits, and lost 2 Gold Rings, so she desired me to look into a Chest for them, and I found these Bonds there in a Tin-cannister; I expected her to die, and so I took them from thence.
- Bradshaw . I am a Trunk maker by Trade, but my Father keeps a Public House in Leadenhall Street and I live with him. On the 3d or 4th of last April the Prisoner came to one Mrs. Russel who lives at the Back of our House, and told her she had 3 Bonds to dispose of. Mrs. Russel brought them to my Father, and I fetched one Mr. Lyon a Broker to our House; - The Prisoner was there at the same Time. Mr. Lyon said the Bonds were very good, and if she came honestly by them, he would purchase them: he said the Interest was due the 6th of April, and if she would go and receive that, he should be satisfied that they were honest. She received the Interest, and then desired me to go with them to Lyon's, and bring her 300 l. for them, and I went with him to a Banker's and he paid me for them directly.
Coun . What Day did you sell these Bonds to Lyon?
Bradshaw. It was on the 6th of April.
Mr. Sedgewick . The Premium at that Time was upwards of 4 l. so that there was 12 l. lost by them.

Bradshaw . The Numbers were 11734, 36, and 37, and she desired me to get her 300 l. for them. She had a Man with her whom she called Husband, and I said it was a Wonder she troubled herself with these Bonds, and she said she could not trust her Husband with them.
Coun. What sort of Money did Lyon pay you the 300 l. in?
Bradshaw . It was in three Pound twelves, and Thirty six Shilling pieces.
Coun. to Mrs. Alexander. You say you saw the Money taken out of the Prisoner's Box, what pieces were they?
Alexander. They were 3 l. 12 s. and 36 s. pieces.


                  John 
                  Roberts 
               



             . I apprehended the Prisoner.
Coun . Give an Account of what she said at that Time.
Roberts. I was sent for about 5 o'Clock in the Evening to the George Inn, in Aldersgate Street, and took Charge of the Prisoner. She would not own any Thing 'till Bradshaw came, and then she began to squeek, and said to Mrs. Alexander, '' Patty, I '' always had a Value for you, and I can give you '' above 200 l. of the Money back again.'' She said the Money was at a Relation's of hers, who was a Distiller in the Maze, Southwark. Then her Box was fetched from thence and brought to the White Lyon in Aldersgate Street, and the Prisoner broke it open herself with a Poker. There was about 250 l. in the Box, and the Attorney asked her if it was the Property of Mrs. Alexander, and she said it was.
Coun. Did she say it was the produce of these Bonds?
Roberts. Yes, and that it was all that was left, but she would make Satisfaction for what she had spent when it lay in her Power.
Prisoner. Did I break the Box open, or Mrs. Alexander?
Roberts. She sat near the Fire, and rose up, and broke it open herself.
Prisoner. Ask Mrs Alexander who broke the Box open?
Mrs. Alexander. At first she said the Box should not be broke open, but afterwards she took the poker out of the Fire, and I broke it open myself with her Leave.
Roberts. The Prisoner broke it about half open?
Mr. Webb. I belong to the East India House.
Coun . You know the Numbers of those Bonds, who appears to have received the Interest on them?
Mr. Webb . As near as we can tell by the writing, (for it is very bad) the Interest was received in the Name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Eadey 
               



             on the 6th of April.
Prisoner. A Boy picked up these Notes in the Coal-hole and gave them to me.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Stokes 
               



            . I was at the Death of Alexander's Uncle, Mr. Way, and I was attentive (attended) in the Way of my Business on Mrs. Way: she was not capable of looking after her own Business, but was taken to drinking, and I have known he to go to the Bottle 14 or 15 Times in an Hour When Mr. Way was dead, the Brewer came and got Mrs. Way when she was not in her Senses to go, and he administered to her Husband's Will, whereof after they had led the old Woman up in Ignorance for 3 or 4 Days, they brought an Execution into the House; and there was a Country Boy that was a Servant there one Day called me, and said he was afraid his Mistress was dead, whereof I got up, and the Woman was as good as dead indeed, but we smoked a Pipe of Tobacco under her Nose and brought her to herself: whereof she had another Fit, and then the Kinswoman, as I may call her, went to Mrs. Way's pocket Apron and took out the Key of the Chest: then she opened the Chest, and took out 14 or 15 l. 2 silver Spoons, and a Ladle; then she took a Tin Box, and took out of it something which I could perceive was a Bond. She then went to another great Chest, and took a Box of Silver Pence, and went away. She came in again soon afterwards, and took some other Things away, and two more papers out of the Tin Box; whereof she came to me afterwards, and said, that Mrs. Reason had stole the Things which I saw her take out of the Tin Box, and she would hang her, if there was not another Woman in the World.
Coun. Are you sure there was an Execution in the House?
Stokes. Yes, Mr. Maydon brought it in, while I was in the House.
Coun. What do you call an Execution?
Stokes. Indeed I can't say, - but I know, when the Execution was brought in, Mrs. Alexander fill'd her pockets with Money. Mr. Way is dead, and after her Husband's Death, there was a false Will made, and I was a Witness to it.
C. to Alexander. When did your Aunt die?
Alexander. I can't justly tell the Day of the Month, but she was buried on St. Mark's Day, and died the Wednesday before. Mr. Way died the 23d of March.


                  Daniel 
                  Hatton 
               



            . I lived at Mr. Way's. My Master died on Friday and the Sunday following, I was sent down into the Cellar, for a Shovel of Coals, and found some papers in the Coal-hole , and gave them to the Prisoner.
Coun . How came you to give them to the Prisoner?
Hatton. I don't know what they were, for I can neither write nor read: - I thought they might serve to light pipes of Tobacco. I know nothing, but that I pick'd them up.
Jury. What sort of papers were they?
Hatton. They were 3 single papers, like Letters.
Jury . Were they written on both Sides?
Hatton . I can't tell.
Jury. Was there any Seal upon them?

Hatton. I believe there was , but I can't be positive.
C. to Alexander . Did the Prisoner live with your Aunt?
Alexander. She lodged there 2 Years, and was a Servant at the Death of the Man, but not at the Death of the Woman. She paid 2 s. a Week for her Lodging, and used to work for 2 s. 3 d. a Week, because there was a Score between them.
C. When did you put these Bonds into the Coal-hole?
Alexander. On the Saturday Morning.
C. How long was this after your Uncle died?
Alexander. It was the Saturday after he died; and I missed them the Sunday following. I asked Hatton about these papers , and he said he had not seen any; and the Prisoner said the same.
Q. to Maydon . Did Hatton ever tell you, that he took these papers out of the Coal-hole?
Maydon . No, he never pretended any such Thing. The Prisoner denied she had seen them, 'till Bradshaw came; and then she said the Boy gave them to her.
Hatton. As soon as I picked them up, I gave them to the Prisoner; she was then standing at the Coal-house Door.
The Jury 


               acquitted the Prisoner of the stealing out of the House, and found her guilty of the Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


