







640, 641, 642. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Waine 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cumings 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Cornelius 
                     Sullivan 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a pair of stockings, val 7 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Williamson 
                        




                      
                   , privately out of the shop
             of the said John Oct 7
.


                  John 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I live in Holborn


, and keep a hosier's shop
. I lost such a quantity of stockings, and believe them to be mine, but did not see the prisoners a them.


                  William 
                  Hassall 
               



            . I happened to be in company at the the Two Brewers Holborn, on Saturday last, and the three prisoners came into the house, Waine and Cumings had some words, it came at last to blows; the landlord turn'd one out at one door, and the other at another; they met and fought in the street, Sullivan had the stockings wrapped up in Waine's coat: I suspected them to be stolen; I ask'd him, how he came by them; he said they were Waine's, adding he bought a pair of him for a shilling; we took the prisoners in a coach to justice Fielding's, going along Sullivan strip'd the stockings from off his legs, and ask'd Comings for his other stockings; Comings took them out of his pocket, and Sullivan put them on; here is another witness has got those he pull'd off, which are such as the others we found in his custody.
George Taylor produc'd them, and mentioned as above.


                  Dorothy 
                  Williamson 
               



            . The two prisoners, Waine and Sullivan, came into my shop to buy some stockings, Sullivan stood near where the stockings lay; when they were gone, I miss'd 7 pair.
There were two other witnesses, to prove what Mr. Hassall had before deposed.
Waine and Sullivan 


               guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .
Comings 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


