





127. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Williams 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Parcel of Plate out of the House of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Abel 
                        




 of St. Martin's-Lane


.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Abel 
               



            ) Did you at any Time lose any Goods, and when?


                  Mary 
                  Abel 
               



            . Please you, my Lord, the Prisoner at the Bar came to my House the latter End of November.
Q. When did you lose the Goods out of your House?
Abel. The 6th of December following.
Q. What Goods did you lose?
Abel. I lost a Silver Coffee-Pot, a Silver Bason, a Silver Boat, two Silver Spoons, and one Pair of Silver Tongs.
Court. You lost them out of this House.
Abel. Yes.
Q. Upon losing them, how came you to suspect the Prisoner?
Abel. Please you, my Lord, the Prisoner came to my House in the latter End of November: I keep a Tavern in St. Martin's Lane. She came with a Gentleman to my House; they had a Pot of Coffee instead of Wine; so I sent all these Things in. I had known the Person that was with her for 30 Years; and the Things came out again. On December the 6th the Prisoner afterwards came again.
Q. What Time of the Day or Night?
Abel. About Four o'Clock in the Afternoon: Says she, do you remember me; I answer'd, Yes. Pray, says the Prisoner, make me a Pot of Coffee: I love Coffee as well as the Gentleman, and the Gentleman is coming again to meet me: Accordingly, I sent the Things in, expecting this Gentleman to come. Upon that I sent the Coffee in, and some Time after my Man went in to see if she had done with the Coffee: She said the Gentleman was not come, and she would keep it hot. She call'd my Man to go for this Gentleman; and after she had sent him out, she call'd for the Maid and sent her out on an Errand too. I had been lame for some Time, and observing that, she took her Opportunity , and immediately went out with all this Plate .
Q. Where is this Room ?
Abel. 'Tis below Stairs ; it was a publick Drinking-Room .
Q. You do not mean publick for more Company than one ?
Abel. No, my Lord .
Q. Did you see her go away?
Abel. No, my Lord.
Q. Did she pay for her Coffee?
Abel. No, my Lord; she went away without being seen.
Q. How long after she went did you miss the Things?
Abel. Immediately , my Lord. My Servant, who went out on her Errand , came to give her Answer. When she went up into the Room, she said, Madam, the Plate is gone. Afterwards , I immediately sent to my Friend, and I sent and advertis'd that very Night. Upon that my Friend came and was vastly surpris'd. However, he gave me Directions to several Places, but I could not find her. At last, by advertising, she was taken .
Q. Where was she carry'd?
Abel. To Bridewell.
Q. Where and when did you see her?
Abel. I saw her in Bridewell.
Q. Did you accuse her with these Things?
Abel. Yes, my Lord: And she own'd them all; I have a Paper of them that she sign'd.
Q. Did she own the taking these Things before she writ the Paper, did she mention the several Particulars ?
Abel. Yes, my Lord. She directed me to those People that have the Plate here.
Q. What are their Names?
Abel. Mr. Gardiner, and Mr. Hopmaster .


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Would you ask the Prosecutor any Questions?
Prisoner. Please you my Lord, she is an old Bawd, and has kept a bad House these 20 Years. Did I tell you that I took every Thing from you?
Abel. All, but the Spoons and Tongs.


                  Q. 
               


            (to - Hopmaster) Whence had you these Things;
Hopmaster. Mr. Gardiner sold these three Pieces to me. A Silver Bason, Silver Waiter and a Silver Coffee-Pot.
Q. Have you any Thing more to say?

Hopmaster. I don't know the Prisoner at the Bar. Mr. Gardiner recommended this Woman to me, said, here is some Silver a Gentlewoman in my Shop has to sell. I answer'd, I don't know how to buy it at present. I hear it is fallen. So Mr. Gardiner said, it was 5 s. 3 d. an Ounce, he had enquir'd; so I gave him that Money for it.
Q. Look at the Prisoner at the Bar; was she present?
Hopmaster. No, my Lord, she was not. I know nothing of the Prisoner. I bought these Things of Mr. Gardiner. On a Saturday Evening, just as I was going out, the Prisoner at the Bar came, and said, did not you buy some Silver belonging to me, of Mr. Gardiner. I have a Lawyer I employ, I must give him some Money this Day. The Coffee-Pot I bought of the Prisoner, thro' Mr Gardiner's Recommendation. Mr. Gardiner call'd at my House afterwards, and ask'd if I had not bought the Coffee-Pot.
Gardiner. Please you my Lord, the Prisoner at the Bar came to my Shop and ask'd for a Gentleman I knew nothing of. After she had sat some Time in the shop, she said, she was a very unhappy Lady. That she was an Heiress of 500 l. a Year, and that a Rogue was endeavouring to get her Estate. I said, Madam, if you please to come in, it is very cold. By the Subtlery of the Woman, she wrung Compassion from me and my Wife. Said, she lodg'd at Kensington. Next Day, she came with Kensington-Stage . She ask'd me to lend her Three-Pence. She laid a Shilling upon the Dresser, and gave Three-Pence to the Coachman. She came and turn'd herself round the Shop, and said, she wanted a pair of Scissars, which came to Nine-Pence, which, and the Three-Pence, made the Shilling, and said, I told you I am a very unhappy Lady. Do you know how Plate sells an Ounce. She pull'd out those Things that were before mention'd and desir'd me to sell them for her. said I, Madam, how can you repose such a Confidence in me? Do you know the Weight of them. No, I don't. Oh! Says she, I have had such a Character of you, I could trust you with 5000 l. And accordingly I went with the Plate, and sold it to Mr. Hopmaster. She told me she was a Relation of Sir 
               
                  Watkin 
                  William 
               



            's. I went to enquire of his Gentleman, who had liv'd with him many Years, and who knew the Family exceeding well, whether there was such a one as Counsellor 
               
                  Williams
               


            , of Hertfordshire , who had left an only Daughter: But he knew of no such Person. She said she had an immense deal of Plate to sell, in order to defray her Expences in Law, Come says she, I love to be grateful. Madam, you say you are necessitous , I don't desire you to lay out any Thing with me. She look'd in my Glass, and fix'd her Eyes upon a Ring, and ask'd me the Price of it. Madam, I said, it cost me 18 s. and I never will sell it under. Says she, there is a Gentleman, one Mr. Ross, a Linnendraper, I purpose to buy this Ring, and make a Present of it to him. So she bought the Ring and away she went, and din'd with me the next Day. This Woman look'd reputable enough. On purpose to satisfy my Curiosity , to see if she had any more Family Plate. So on Saturday, while I was gone out, my Cousin told her I had sold it at Mr. Hopmaster's. So my Lord, I gave her an Invitation to come again and dine with me. And I din'd with her one Sunday at a reputable Distiller's, one Mr. Williams, and Ross gave her a good Character, and said she was a Lady of Fortune. Still I could not be easy, I thought it was an Oddity, that Sir Watkin's Butler, who had known the Family, could give no Account of her . So my Lord, on the Fast-Day at Night, Mr. Winsmore came to me, and said, pray don't you sell Case-Knives. He was about to keep a publick H ouse , they pretended to be Husband and Wife. The Prisoner at the Bar had told somebody that she had lodg'd and boarded at my House. After we had made an Agreement about the Knives, he wanted a Bed for his Wife. I said I had a Gentlewoman that lodg'd with my Cousin, and I told the Tale. Then Mr. Winsmore said, if you don't produce the Prisoner I will put you in Newgate. She has made an Elopement from Clerkenwell. There are five Guineas for taking her. Accordingly we call'd a Coach and we found her in Bed. Upon this she was retaken and carry'd to Clerkenwell Prison.
Q. Upon your seeing her in Custody, was any Body sent to about the Plate?
Gardiner. No, my Lord.
Q. Did you hear her make any Confession about the Plate. All that you say is, that she deliver'd that Plate to you and desir'd you to sell it. And you sold it accordingly.
Gardiner. Yes, my Lord.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Would you ask the Witness any Questions?
Prisoner. No.


                  Mary 
                  Thomson 
               



            . I serv'd the Prisoner at the Bar with this Plate.
Q. Did she send you out upon any Occasion?
Thomson. Yes, my Lord. She sent me out for a pair of Gloves. When I came in again I miss'd all the Plate .



                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Would you ask this Witness any Questions?
Prisoner. That Woman that owns the Plate, wanted me to come to live with her. She keeps a Bawdy-House . For this Plate or any Thing that I had, she said she would make her Man pay. She had got 20,000 l. Please you my Lord , she has hang'd twenty.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


