






76, 77. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     King 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Arm 
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing 16 Yards of printed Lawn, val. 20 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Malleson 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            .
Mr. Malleson. On the 28th Day of last Month, the 2 Prisoners came into my Shop, and asked for Handkerchiefs; I shew'd them several and they bid Money for one or two, and presently I saw the Prisoner King draw a Piece of Handkerchiefs off the Counter with her right Hand. When she had done this, I rapp'd with the Yard on the Counter for one of my Servants to come down, and bid him go into the Back Shop to tie up some Irish Cloth, at the same Time giving him the Wink to observe the Motions of the Prisoners. I cut the Prisoner Arm a Handkerchief, she borrowed 1 s. of the other to pay for it, and they both went away together. I immediately got over the Counter, and saw there was nothing on the Ground; I then pursued the Prisoners and brought them back, and just as I brought them to the Threshold of the Door, the Prisoner (King) dropped the Goods.
Pris King. I went with this young Woman (Arm) to buy a Handkerchief, and she not having Money enough to pay for it, I lent her some. There was another Woman in the Shop at the same Time.
Mr. Malleson. There was another Woman in the Shop, but this very Piece I saw the Prisoner off the Counter, and the same Piece I saw her drop at the Door.


                  Thomas 
                  Constable 
               



            . I was above Stairs, and my Master call'd me down to observe the Prisoners. Arm bought a Handkerchief, and they went away together; my Master followed them directly and brought them back; he catch'd hold of King's Petticoat, and the Piece of Handkerchiefs dropp'd from her.
Both 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


