






3. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gailey 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 20 l. &c
            . the property of Mr


                     Joseph 
                     Loe 
                  




                
            .


                  Joseph 
                  Loe 
               



            . The Prisoner was my servant
 till last Sunday, to wait at table, &c.
Q. What do you charge him with?
Loe. With taking 20 l. out of my drawer, I had paid it to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Clark 
               



             my apprentice, to pay away, this was on Wednesday last in the evening.
Q. Who was he to pay it to?
Loe. To one Mr. Richardson; my apprentice put it in a drawer in the back room.
Q. Did you see him?
Loe. No, my lord; I ask'd him if Mr. Richardson had been here for the money; he said no: on Sunday morning I came down stairs, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Clark 
               



             was gone to his guardian at Camberwell, I saw the drawer open, I turn'd the key and put it in my pocket, and did not look in the drawer; in the afternoon, when I was gone out, the Prisoner went out and took his cloaths with him, he did not come in at supper; I ask'd the maid what he had took, she said nothing but a bundle of his linen; at length my apprentice 
               
                  Richard 
                  Clark 
               



             came in, I gave him the key, he ran and opened the drawer, and there was a 36 shilling piece and half a guinea and no more: Richard said, he hoped I had a better opinion of him than to think he took it. I went to the Prisoner's mother's, she went with me to a house in Shoreditch, the Pyde-horse, there was the Prisoner; I ask'd him for my money; he told me he had it not; thus he persisted till about one or two o'clock in the morning: I sent for an officer and strip'd him, and found to the amount of 17 l. 6 s. with the half-guinea and 36 s. piece, a watch and a pistol; the money found upon him was 14 l. 19 s. 6 d.
Q. How do you know this is your watch?
Loe. I never minded the maker's name, but I know it by the size and the crack in the glass.
Q. What do you say to the pistol?
Loe. That I know to be mine, I have had it a considerable time.
Q. Was it loaded?
Loe. No, my lord.


                  Herbert 
                  Reader 
               



            . I am a lodger in Mr. Loe's house I belong to the Excise Office.
Q. What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Reader. I went with Mr Loe to the Spotted Horse in Shore-ditch, and took those things out of the Prisoner's pockets, the money out of one pocket, the watch out of another, and the pistol out of another.
Q. Did you ever see this watch before ?
Reader. I have seen it in Mr Loe's house, I know it by the size and crack in the glass to be Mr. Loe's watch.
Q. Have you seen this particular pistol before?
Reader. Yes, my Lord, I have seen it oftimes put in and taken out of the compter.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


