





43. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Pardoe 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 4 l. in Money
            , the Goods of 
               



            .


                  Sarah 
                  James 
               



             (Daughter to the Prosecutor.) The Prisoner went away from my Father's on Friday was sen'night.
Q. When did you suspect her taking away the Money?
James. My Father was afraid 
               
                  Mary 
                  Pardoe 
               



             had robb'd him, but being so very ill he could not come at his Breeches; and when I rais'd him up on Tuesday, he desir'd I would look into his Breeches, to see what he had lost. He had two half Crowns, a half Moidore, and nine Shillings and Six-pence, which were taken out, and 4 s. left. He desir'd I would look into the Drawers, if she had took nothing there: I said I knew what Gold there was, but not what Silver: Accordingly I told the Money over, and we miss'd 6 s. and 9 d. I went and found her in Black-Boy-Ally, and she had got her Clothes out of pawn: She own'd the Fact and fell down upon her Knees to implore Mercy: She own'd 3 s. she had taken out of my Father's Breeches and the 6 s. she own'd.


                  Q. 
               


            (to William Lane.) How old are you?
Lane. Seventeen. I saw the Prisoner at Mrs. Foucher's take a Piece of Rag out of her Bosom, and put two or three Bits of Gold in her Mouth, and hold 13 or 14 s. in Silver in her Hand.


                  Mary 
                  Foucher 
               



            . The Prisoner was a Servant to Mr. Lovage; said, she was come away from her Master's; call'd for two or three Pints of Beer; said she had nothing at all at her Master's, for that she was starv'd: But she pull'd out the Rag out of her Bosom or Pocket, with 13 or 14 s.
Q. Did you see any Gold?
Foucher. No. I saw none. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


