





284. 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Allen 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Pair of Silver Shoe-Buckles, a Pair of Metal Knee-Buckles, Half a Guinea in Gold and twelve Shilings in Silver, &c. the Goods of 
                     
                        Jonas 
                        Brend 
                     



                  , in the House
             of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Terry 
               




            , in King's-Street, Westminster


.
Q.(to 
               
                  Jonas 
                  Brend 
               



            .) What have you to say against the Prisoner ?
Brend. Please you, my Lord, he took the Things out of my Breeches, from under my Head.
Q. Where do you live?
Brend. Please you, my Lord, I lay at Mr. Terry's House that Night.
Q. What did you lose?
Brend. I lost Half a Guinea in Gold, twelve Shillings in Silver, a Pair of Silver Shoe-Buckles, and a Pair of Metal Knee-Buckles.
Q. When did you lose them?
Brend. I lost them the 7th Day of July, between Twelve and One o'Clock in the Morning.
Q. Have you any Thing to say to the Prisoner?
Brend. I was asleep when I lost them: Two other Persons lay in the Room with me.
Q. Did the Prisoner lie in the Room?
Brend. No, my Lord, he lay a Pair of Stairs higher; the Men that lay in that Room heard something chink, and said one to the other, I believe the Marine is robb'd.
Q. Have you found the Things again?
Brend. The Shoe-Buckles we found upon the Prisoner.
Q. What House was this where you lodg'd?
Brend. At the Horse and Drum in King's-Street, Westminer.
Q. How long after you lost them was it before you found them upon the Prisoner?
Brend. About a Quarter of an Hour.
Q. (to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Terry 
               



            .) Where do you live?
Terry. I live at the Horse and Drum in Westminster.
Q. Did the Prosecutor, Brend, lodge at your House in July last.
Terry. Yes.
Q. Do you know of any Things that were taken from him?
Terry. Yes, my Lord; I know of Half a Guinea, twelve Shillings and Two-pence, a Pair of Silver Shoe-Buckles, a Pair of Knee-Buckles, and I think a Pair of Garters; it was of a Sabbath-Day Night, the 6th of July; my Wife and I were gone to Bed, not thinking any thing of being robb'd, or of the Prisoner, for I took him to be a very honest Man. After I was in Bed the Prosecutor came down and knock'd at my Door: I said to my Wife, pray don't let any Body have any more Beer to Night, for 'tis late; the Man spoke to me through the Key-Hole; my Wife said to me, get up, this poor young Fellow is robb'd by somebody, I can't tell who; so I got up and went down to the Watchman to light a Candle.
Q. Then the Man complain'd of his being robb'd.
Terry. Yes, he came down very softly for fear of being discover'd: As I had two Soldiers lodg'd upon me, I charg'd them with the Robbery; I told them this Man had been robb'd, and I must know who it is that had robb'd him. The Soldiers got up at once, but I did not examine their Pockets. I took a Candle, and went into the Room where this Man was a-bed; there was another Man, a Corporal; he said, he had heard some Money chink; so I said to this 
               
                  Philip 
                  Allen 
               



            , You must get up too, to be examin'd; for I had no more Suspicion of one than the other: Accordingly he rises up, and said he wanted, to speak to me; I ask'd him what he wanted, and went into a little Closet, and he down'd upon his Knees to me; God bless you, said he, don't tell my Serjeant, and I will tell you where the Money is: I told him I would not tell his Serjeant, because I wanted to bring the Thing out; so he confess'd the Fact. I said to him, What did you do this Thing for? He said, he had got the Foul Distemper, and he got that Money on purpose to get him cur'd. He went back to the Bed where he lay, and he took the twelve Shillings and two Pence, and Half a Guinea; he took it from between the Bed and the Sacking. I said to him, Have you got a Pair of Buckles, young Man? he said, Aye, I'll find them out; at last he brings out two Pair of Buckles.
Q. What were these Buckles ?
Terry. The Shoe-buckles were Silver, the other common Metal.
Q. (to the Prisoner) Have you any Questions to ask the Witness ?
Prisoner. Ask him how honest I behav'd in his House when the Serjeant got drunk, &c.
Terry. He always behav'd honest, as I thought; I had a good Opinion of him.
Q.(to the Prisoner) What have you to say for yourself, by way of Defence; or have you any Witness to your Character?
Prisoner. My Lord, I lodg'd in this Mr. Terry's House; and, as I was going to Bed, I had a Candle in my Hand, and found these Things in my Way. I did not put the Money into my Pocket, but laid it on the Bed 'till I should hear some Body enquire for it. I heard them make a Noise, examining the Soldiers; and I was getting up at the Time Mr. Terry came into the Room; I told him I had the Money and the Buckles; I call'd to him, and gave them to him; I did not steal, non-break or pick a Lock. If I had a Mind to commit a Robbery, I had had a greater Opportunity, which I did not.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


