






27. 28. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Maccartney 
                  



               
             , and 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a Piece of Linnen, val. 4 s. 6 d. a pair of Worsted Stockings, valu e 5 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Stokes 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , November 1st
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Stokes 
               



             . On the 1st of November the Prisoners came into my Shop in Covent-Garden



; I shew'd them Handkerchiefs first, and afterwards Stockings.
Prisoner, Maccartney . Pray Madam don't laugh; it is not proper when People take an Oath to laugh.
Mrs. Stokes. While I was shewing them these Goods, I saw the Woman stoop down twice below the Counter; I suspected that they had stole some thing, so I counted over my Parcels, and miss'd a pair of Stockings; I call'd out to a Person in the next Room, and the Prisoners were going out of the Shop, but hearing me cry out, they returned, and dropp'd the Pair of Stockings which I miss'd, on the Ground; after they were gone, I missed another Pair, and this Gentleman ran after them and took them.


                  John 
                  Phillips 
               



             I took the Woman, and saw her drop the Linnen in the Street, it was a Piece of Handkerchiefs.


                  Ann 
                  Bird 
               



             . I saw the Woman drop the Handkerchiefs .
Prosecutrix . The Man Prisoner bid me three Shillings for a pair of Stockings, and when he was searched before the Justice, he had but 2 s. in his Pocket.
Prisoner, Smith . I never offer'd to touch, or look at any Thing.
Maccartney . Let her tell the Truth before the whole Congregation; - I had 11 s and 6 d. in my Pocket. Both 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


