





133. 
               
                  
                     Hester 
                     Summerton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a brown Ducape Mantua Silk Gown, a Holland Ruffled Shirt, and a Pair of Worsted Hose, out of the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Roberts 
                        




, of St. Alban-Street, near St. James's-Market


, on the 16th of March
.


                  William 
                  Roberts 
               



            . The Prisoner went away from us on Sunday Morning; upon Examination we found several Things lost; the first Thing was a Rushed Shirt of Capt. Agnew's; the brown Ducape Gown was taken out of a Box she broke open, where she took the Things express'd in the Indictment. On Sunday we made the greatest Search we could to know what Part of the Town she was gone into; on Monday we heard of her being in several Places in the City; on Tuesday Morning I went to Capt. Agnew's Servant, and we took her in a Garret in Clare Market, at a Shoemaker's.
- Rim. I am Constable; I was charg'd with the Prisoner at the Bar; she confess'd the Gown to me when I had her in Custody, upon her Mistress's promising to make it up with her.
Q. What did she say? Did she say she had the Gown?
Rim. She told me 'till her Mistress came she would not confess any thing; her Mistress, when she came, told her if she would tell her where those Things were she would forgive her: She told her she had pawn'd the Gown to one Mrs. Collins, and Mrs. Roberts had it again; likewise the Captain, who is since gone abroad, had the Shirt; her Mistress laid down the Money for it.
Q. Who were they pawn'd to?
Rim. To a Pawnbroker in Covent-Garden.

Q. Who was with you when this Shirt was taken out of pawn.
Rim. No body was there but me.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Will you ask this Witness any Questions ?
Prisoner. I told my Mistress I would satisfy her for her Gown.
Rim. I must confess there was something of that; her Mistress did promise her Forgiveness if she would confess.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


