





134. + 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Owen 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew Holborn


 , was indicted for 


               stealing nine yards of cotton, value 14 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Corp 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop
            , January 27
.


                  Thomas 
                  Corp 
               



            . I was not at home when the fact was committed, but was sent for; when I came home I believe there were thirty or forty people about the door; they said there was a shoplifter, and desired I would not hang her; I said I would not hang her, the laws might hang her. My servant took the cotton from her, and she desired I would be merciful to her.


                  Sarah 
                  Ryley 
               



             . The Prisoner came into my master's shop to buy some purple and white cotton, I shewed her two or three pieces, and she liked none of them; she pointed to this piece, and I shewed it her, and she did not like the piece, she desired to see more; I shewed her more, then she desired to see a remnant, which I took down, she desired I would call my mistress; I turned my head to call to my mistress, and when I turned my head back again I saw her going out of the shop instead of waiting for my mistress: I saw something hanging down behind under her clothes; I said, mistress , you have taken a piece of cotton, and took hold of her, and said, that was a piece of my master's goods; she said it was not ; I called out for help, and when she heard my mistress a coming, she let the cotton go, and then I sent for a constable ; this is the cotton I took from her, and is the cotton I shewed her.
Prisoner. Pray miss, how can you say I offered to go out of the door, for I did not offer to step one step from the counter?
Ryley. She was upon the threshold of the door going out of the shop.
Mrs. Corp swore to the property of the cotton.


                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Corp; I was in the kitchen when 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Ryley 
               



             called out for help; I went to her assistance, she got hold of the Prisoner's cloak, and I saw the cotton lie upon the counter .
Q. Did you see the cotton taken from her?
Smith. No, I did not.
Prisoner. I had been to see a lady who allows me a little income, and the cook gave me money to buy her two yards and a half of cotton to make her a short gown: I asked 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Ryley 
               



             for two yards and a half of cotton, and she took some cottons off the shelf , and they fell upon her; I was taken with a fit of coughing, and she fell pulling and hauling of me that I was frightened out of my wits: I did not offer to go out of the shop; the gentleman came into the shop, and said there was a rope, and that rope should be my executioner .




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


