






124, 125. 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Watts 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Leadley , otherwise 
Randall




            , of St. James's, Westminster



 , were indicted (after June 24, 1731, to wit, on the 20th of January
) for 


               stealing eighty-one pounds weight of lead, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        Bingham 
                        Davis 
                     




                   , being fixed to a shop belonging to his dwelling-house
            .
Bingham Davis. There were some persons came and informed me, that they believed my house was beset with thieves; I desired them to stay in the shop till I went to the watch-house. When I came to the watch-house the watch was not there; then I heard a noise, and found that the lead was taken off the premises. 
               
                  John 
                  Budge 
               



             seized Watts upon the shop door, took him by the leg, and pulled him down; the lead was thrown down into an area.
Q. Was you there before the lead was thrown down?
Davis. No; but I was there before the lead was taken up.
Pris. Watts. Did you see me take any lead off the house?
Davis. No.


                  John 
                  Budge 
               



             (servant to Mr. Davis .) On the twentieth of last month I was going home about ten o'clock at night, I saw the Prisoner, and another man not yet taken, hovering about the house; about half an hour afterwards some of them came and knocked at the door, and asked if there were any pork stakes, I said no.
Q. How many did you see?
Budge. Two. Leadley was taken behind a door belonging to Mr. Chisholm. I saw Watts on the top of the door, and pulled him down; I asked him what he did there, he said he did no harm there, and so I took him to the round-house .
Q. Did you see any lead come down with him?
Budge. No.
Watts. Ask him whether he was not concerned with us or not.
Leadley. Did you see me meddle with any thing or do any thing in the world?

Budge . No; I saw you come from behind the Door.


                  John 
                  Ball 
               



            . I was in company with the Prisoners that night, Watts and Leadley, otherwise Randall; they asked me to go with them a little farther, and I went to the corner of Little St. Martin's Lane, (I think it is a chandler's shop ) and Leadley helped Watts up upon the place on the top of the shop.
Q. What did Watts do?
Ball. He cut the lead from off the shop.
Q. Where was you all the time?
Ball. At the end of the street.
Q. Was you so near as to see what they were doing?
Ball. Yes, I saw Watts cut the lead off, and hand it down to Leadley.
Q. Did Leadley lay hold of the lead?
Ball. He took some part of it from him: There was one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sheers 
               



            , who is not yet taken, was on the other side of the way; and Leadley came out from behind the passage door, and made his escape then.
Leadley. Did you see me help Watts up?
Ball. Yes, I did.


                  James 
                  Henderson 
               



             . I was constable for the night, and Watts was brought a Prisoner to me. I know nothing more of the matter.
Ball. Watts came to my house to desire me to go to the club; it is a fudling sort of a club, and I did not care to go, but he persuaded me; and when we came from the club, we all agreed to go together to do this.
Leadley. Watts put his foot upon my shoulder, and so he got up.
Q. You knew what he was going about I suppose?
Leadley. I did not till he threw the lead down, and I said I would not have any thing to do with it.


                  Robert 
                  Bagley 
               



            . I have known 
               
                  Robert 
                  Leadley 
               



             for seven years, and he always behaved himself in a very honest manner for what I know; he is a man that works hard for his living. I have had dealings with him, and never knew his character stained, upon any account, in my life.



               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


