





365. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Mullins 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles, a camblet gown, a petticoat, a cloth cloak, a handkerchief, a cap, a shirt, a shift, and several other wearing apparel, a thirty-six shillings piece, and fourteen shillings in silver
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Harris 
                  




                
            , July 6
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Harris 
               



            . The Prisoner nursed me in my lying-in, and robbed me of every thing that I had, but the shift on my back. I have lain in but fifteen days to day, and was hardly able to come out; and I had not a farthing left for me nor my babe. She gave the child some stuff to sleep, and she did sleep two days, and never waked; she gave me something to sleep, and I slept all that afternoon, and the next day.
Q. What time did you awake?
Harris. About half an hour after two on the sixth of July.
Q. Where was the nurse then?
Harris. She was gone. I sent for my brother, and she was taken up the day before yesterday.


                  James 
                  Gray 
               



            . I am a constable. I took the Prisoner up on Thursday by a warrant from Justice Poulson, in a cellar facing Drury-Lane playhouse.
Q. What clothes had she on?
Gray. She had all the clothes on that are here; I took them off her back, and here is a ring she had on her finger.
[Mr. Gray produced a stuff gown, a quilted petticoat, a cloth cloak, a ring, and several other things, which Mrs. Harris swore to be hers.]
Gray. I keep a publick-house by Drury-Lane playhouse; the Prisoner was at my house the day before, very much in liquor, with a pair of silver buckles on, which the Prosecutrix owned.


                  Jane 
                  Ledrew 
               



            . The Prisoner lived servant
 with my mother, and five months with me, since I have been married, and always behaved well.


                  Frances 
                  Hadey 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner six years, and she went to school with me at Chelsea, but I never heard any harm of her.
Mrs. Hunt. I am the Prisoner's mother-in-law; I have known her from her infancy, and she is a very honest person; I took care of her, as one of my own children, and never heard any harm of her in my life.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


