





116. 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Robinson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing out of the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Basson 
                        




                      
                   10 Ounces and a half of Plate
            , January 30
.
Court, (to William Basson.) Give an Account of what you know of the Prisoner at the Bar .
Basson. My Lord, he brought to my House, on the 30th of January, 140 Ounces of Gold Plate , or Silver gilt Plate; out of the Parcel he took 10 Ounces and a half. I receiv'd the Whole in Custody, and I never perceiv'd any was missing 'till last Saturday, when I sent to the Person that employs me; he said we had no such Parcel, it wanted 10 Ounces and a half. The Prisoner had alter'd the Paper and forg'd another Paper, and so made it 10 Ounces and a half less. The Gentleman told him, this is not the Paper, this is not my Hand, this is your own Hand.
Court. But you say the Prisoner at the Bar took 10 Ounces and a half back.
Basson. Yes, my Lord, by his own Confession he sold it at a Silversmith's in Whitechapel at 5 s. 5 d. an Ounce.
Court. You say he carry'd it to a Person in Whitechapel, and there sold it.
Basson. Yes, my Lord.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Have you any Question to ask? Your Master says you was employ'd to bring to him 140 Ounces of Silver, and you took ten Ounces and a half of it; which he says you have confess'd .
Prisoner. Please you, my Lord, I was very much in Liquor at that Time.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Basson) The Prisoner says he was very much in Liquor at that Time.
Basson. Not at all my Lord.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Stephens 
               



            ) What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Stephens . The third of January last, the Prisoner came to my Shop and offer'd to sell some Gilt Plate, what we call Waste. I ask'd him how he came by it. He said it was his own, he was a Master Olrice-Weaver, and he kept several Men under him. Don't some of the Master's employ you? Yes, he said . What is the Reason you don't carry this back again ? My Master won't give me so much by 6 d. an Ounce as I cansell it to a Shopkeeper. I ask'd him where he liv'd and where his Master liv'd. I gave him 5 s. 5 d . an Ounce for the Silver.
Q. It was gilt Plate, was it not?
Stevens. Yes, gilt Plate, please you, my Lord.


                  Q. 
               


            ( to Basson .) How was the Plate when brought to your House?
Basson. It was cut in a thousand Bits. It was upon Quills at first, when he took it away. The Length of it might be a thousand Yards, but he cut it off in Bits .
Q. What was the Use of that Plate?
Basson. To make Lace .
Q. It was brought to your House in Plate.
Basson. In Wire , my Lord. Our Trade is to put it upon Silk .


                  Q. 
               


            ( to the Prisoner) Do you ask Mr. Stephens any Questions;
Prisoner. My Lord, I know nothing.


                  James 
                  Best 
               



            . My Lord, the Prisoner at the Bar confess'd to me that he had taken 10 1/2 Ounces of Gold Plate, and sold it to a Silversmith in Whitechapel . Mr. Basson gave me three Guineas in order to redeem it again.
Q. When did he make this Confession to you ?
Best. I think the last Week at Mr. Basson's House.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Basson) This was Plate wrought up in this Manner for you. I suppose the Prisoner at the Bar brought it home.
Basson. Yes. He has been my Servant four or five Years, but a great Villain to me.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Have you any Thing to say in your Defence?
The Prisoner had little to say in his own Defence.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


