





21. 
               
                  
                     Cecilia 
                     Wilson 
                  



               
            , of London, Spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing six Spoons, value 25 s. a silver Snuff-box, value 12 s. and 2 Tea-spoons, value 3 s. and other Things
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Isacc 
                     Lindo 
                  




                
            , a Jew
, May 21
.
I. Lindo sworn, his Hat being off.
Juryman. I desire to know if he thinks an Oath taken to be equally binding, with Hat off, as on.
I. Lindo. I think it equally binding, but will do it as his Lordship pleases. The Court was satisfied with the Oath he had taken.
I. Lindo. This Day fort night, when I came down Stairs in the Morning, my Servants told me that the Prisoner was gone, and they were afraid that something might be missing, I examin'd the Plate, and found wanting 6 silver Spoons, and 2 Tea-spoons, and when I dres'd myself, I missed my silver Snuff-box; the Prisoner, who was my Servant
, never appeared any more at our House; I publish'd a Reward in the public Papers, and caused Notice to be given from Goldsmith's-Hall; the Prisoner was taken up this Morning with the Goods; I had her before a Justice, where she was examined, and she said, she was sorry that she had committed the Fact, and that some body had perswaded her to it.
J. Johnson. The Prisoner at the Bar was coming up Old Gravel Lane this Morning, and two Women with her, they met me, and said, they wanted a Constable to take a Woman that had robbed a Jew, and said, she had the Goods about her: I said, I was a Headborough, then out of the Women made a snatch at her Pocket, and her Landlady took out a Snuff-box, a silver Spoon, and a Tea-spoon, and said, that there was more Things belonging to Mr. Lindo, a Shirt, and a Sheet, the Prisoner said, she had nothing else, for a Man had made them away; the Things were produced in Court, and Mr. Lindo claimed them to be his.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


