





205. 
               
                  James 
                  McDonald 
               



            , of St. Leonard Shoreditch


, was indicted for 


               stealing a shirt, value 3 s. three silver buckles, value 6s. a pair of stockings, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Holloway 
                  




                
            , March 30
.


                  Thomas 
                  Holloway 
               



            . I was at the Fox and Hounds in Shoreditch


 pretty late with the Prisoner, and being destitute of a lodging, he said I should lie with him. He bid me go up very still and make no noise. As soon as he thought I was asleep, he took these things. I got up as soon as it was light and charged him with taking them; and he threatened to kick me down stairs. I went next day to the King John in Holloway-lane, and asked the landlord if such a man was not there. He said yes (he had got two pound of beef stakes and was eating them) I asked if he had not pawned something, he said he had pawned a silver knee buckle. I told him if he would help me to my things again I would forgive him, and I would pay what they were pawned for. He went with me to the pawnbroker's where my buckles were pawned. I got one of my buckles again, and I paid 5 s. 1 d. for the other two, [a large pair of shoe buckles.] There was one of the buckles he did not take away, which I suppose stuck in my pocket, for I put the buckles under this pair of stockings in my pocket that nobody should find them. He said before the Justice (as I understood him) that he found them.
Prisoner. There was another man in the bed along with us.
Holloway. I went to bed so still that the other man did not know of it, and I did not know that any body was in the bed; I hear the other is as honest a man as any in the world.


                  John 
                  Bundock 
               



            . On Saturday in the afternoon the Prosecutor sent for me to the King John and charged me with the Prisoner, and I carried him before a Justice. The Prosecutor paid 5 s. for these two buckles, and the Justice sent for the other buckle and it was sent to him. - The Prisoner declared then that he did not take them out of the Prosecutor's pocket, but found them upon the stairs when he got up in the night.
Prisoner. I found those three buckles upon the stairs when I got up in the morning.
Jury. Who went down stairs first?
Holloway. I went down first - I went to bed at eleven o'clock, I had them in my pocket then, and missed them before I came out of the room in the morning.

Q. How came you not to secure him then?
Holloway. Because he threatened to kick me down stairs, so I went away. I don't know the ways of London. I don't lie in London once in half a year. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


