





143. 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Measham 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Purse, value 6 d. a Seal, value 1 s. one Piece of Gold, value 5 s. 9 d. and seventy Guineas, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Bryan 
                           Mathews 
                        




                      
                  , - privately from his Person
            , Sept. 28
.


                  Bryan 
                  Mathews 
               



            . Sept. 28, as I was coming along on this Side of Ludgate


, a Woman called to me, and took me into the Prisoner's House, in a back Alley, to drink a Dram, and they dramm'd me till I was quite drunk; and I was turned out about five o'Clock in the Morning. - I went in about five or six at Night. I was a little merry when I went in, but not drunk: I was pretty sensible when I came into the Street, and in about an Hour afterwards I missed my Money. I suppose I was fast asleep when they robbed me, or I should not have suffered them to do it.
Measham. Let him look at my Face, and see if he ever saw me in his Life.
Mathews. I am sure she is the very Woman who sold the Drams.


                  John 
                  Gardiner 
               



            , Constable. I was going my Rounds with my Watchman about one o'Clock, and going down Vandelow's-Alley , it is on Ludgate hill , one Part comes to Fleet ditch. I saw the Prisoner lie upon the Ground, so drunk that she could not stand: Being informed she had dropped some Money, I asked her if it was her's; she owned that she had dropped thirty Guineas, and two half Guineas , and some small Matters beside: She said it was her Money, and made a De of it. Says I, it is necessary, as you keep a orderly House , to go before a Magistrate, to know how you came by this Money. I had her Alderman Arnold, - it was Michaelmas Day She was in several Stories, so he committed to the Compter: By his Direction I advertised it and the next Day 
               
                  Bryan 
                  Mathews 
               



             came to me, and said he had lost 71 Guineas, &c .
- Thomas. About half an Hour after one o'Clock, I saw a Coach stop; and as she was coming out of the Coach, I saw the Money drop from the Prisoner at the Bar. - Holdway, the Porter, took it up: I followed him to Wat Lane, Black-Fryars , and saw the Purse there afterwards .
- Holdway. I saw this Woman and another, drunk in a Coach, and as they were taking her out, I saw this Money, Purse and Seal, drop down from the Prisoner at the Bar, and I took it up immediately: There are thirty Guineas, two half Guineas, eight Shillings, and Eight-pence Half-penny.
Mathews. This is my Purse, and this is my Seal. I lost seventy-one Guineas, a quarter Carolus, and a Seal. 

               Guilty
             of the Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


