





622. 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Hunt 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four silver tea-spoons, val.  two silver val. 30 s. two silk gowns, one g, and other things, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Walter 
                           Cocket 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Harding 
                     



, July 9
.


                  William 
                  Harding 
               



            . I live at Limehouse, the prosecutor is my son; about the 9th of July the wearing apparel, money and p, were most of them taken away from my house, and were found at the prisoner's lodgings; there was a girl came to me about eight in the evening, and told me the house had been robb'd, and that my son's wife and the prisoner were gone away together; I found it so, and let my son know of it, and when he came home we found every thing was gone; we got a search-warrant, and found them in the prisoner's lodgings, which was at a gardener's at Chelsea, and there were found in the tail of the prisoner's shirt 11 guineas in money, and he had a silver buckle belonging to my son found upon him; first the prisoner said the things were his own, but afterwards he denied it.


                  James 
                  Jones 
               



            . The prisoner came into my master's garden where I work; about the 6th of June he told me he would give me part of a full pot of beer if I would carry the box of things to the corner of the field, telling me he was going to remove his quarters, (he is a soldier.) I carried the box and deliver'd it to the prisoner at the place mentioned.
Q. Did you see the prosecutor's wife then?
Jones. No, I did not, my lord; I was present when the box was found, and know it to be the same watch I carried for the prisoner.



                  Thomas 
                  Kennard 
               



            . I am a constable, I had a warrant brought to me the 12th of July last, I went with the prosecutor and the other two witnesses and took the prisoner; we found the box, the prosecutor opened it, and the prisoner was standing by.
Q. What things were there in the box?
Kennard. There were a while dimity gown, four silver tea-spoons, a pap-spoon, two silver corals with bells, one silver buckle which was in the prisoner's pocket; the prisoner said the things were his property; at last he said to the prosecutor, the things are yours, friend, and I am sorry I have been guilty of the thing; the prosecutor's wife was there, and, as far as I can find out, she and the prisoner had laid there together a night or two.
The prisoner call'd a serjeant and other officers in the army, who gave him a very good character, as a soldier.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


