






2. 
               
                  Benjamin
                   Mac Mahone , otherwise 
Clark




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one gold twezer case, one knife with a gold handle, one gold fork, one gold spoon, one gold bodkin, one gold chain, laid at the value of 10 l. and upwards, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Diana 
                           West 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the Right Honourable the Lord Delaware
            , Sept. 18




                  Josiah 
                  Dugdel 
               



            . The Prisoner is a painter
, and has work'd at my Lord Delaware's about ten days, in Grovesnor Square


; I was informed he was stopped at Mr. Robertson's a silver smith, with this thing; I desired my Lord's eldest son to write to his Lordship to know, if there was such a thing, which the Prisoner could take away; the letter being answered, it proved it to be his lordship's daughter's lady Diana West; I carried the letter to justice Fielding, and he found it agreed with the particulars mentioned in the indictment.
Mr. Robertson. I am a goldsmith, I remember seeing the Prisoner at my shop, it was on the Saturday before Michaelmas; I cannot exactly tell the time he brought this twezer with the things in it, viz. the fork, spoon, knife, and bodkin, the day before, he sold part of a gold chain to my man, which I then melted down with other gold for use; he told me he found this twezer in Hide-Park; so I stopped him, and carried him before justice Fielding, he confessed before the justice he took it out of my lord's house, and then he was committed.
Lord Delaware. This said twezer did belong to my late Wife, after whose death, I gave it to my youngest daughter, who constantly wore it, till she went into the country: while I was at the Duke of Graston's I received a letter from my son, and after that another from Mr. Dogdel, giving me an account, that there was an old fashioned golden twezer stopped by Mr. Robertson, offered by a man employed in painting at my house; as he had not seen the twezer, he could not give any account of the contents of it. I imagined it to be this same twezer, and asked my daughter where it was? who told me it was left in London, in a dressing box, and the cabinet locked: I wrote a letter to Mr. Dogdel, that if it was her's, it was put in such a place; describing the things in it, that there was a little gold fork, which is very seldom put into twezers now a-days, a spoon, and a knife, and also, that the swivel was torn out at the top of the case, where there was a hole, which was the reason she wore it in her pocket, this is the twezer, and this is her property, and upon reading my letter before justice Fielding, he was satisfied it was my daughters twezer, and committed the Prisoner.
Prisoner. Pray my Lord Delaware, be so far my friend, as to let me be transported
Lord Delaware. I have no objection to that.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


