





259. + 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Knight 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Silk Handkerchief, val. 3 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Donald 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his Person
            , May 16
.


                  James 
                  Donald 
               



            . On the 16th of this Instant, about 7 o'Clock in the Evening, as I was coming up Snow-Hill


, I was informed, by Mr Carpenter , that the Prisoner had picked my Pocket, I saw he was making his Way - he was fleeing me - that is, he sted from me, I went after him, he jumped over some Stairs to get from me, and fell down at the Foot of those Stairs, and lay there till I came up; I fell upon the Prisoner and gript him, and when I came to search him, I found my Handkerchief upon his Thigh. - I am sure the Prisoner is the Man.
Prisoner. They took one Handkerchief out of my Pocket, and another off my Neck: I hope, my Lord, you will give me my two Handkerchiefs before I plead.
Court. Was the Prisoner in Liquor?
Donald. Not that I understood, he might have been in Liquor for me.


                  John 
                  Carpenter 
               



            . I saw this Gentleman and another walk up Snow-hill Side by Side, and saw the Prisoner pull a Handkerchief out of his Pocket as he passed by him. - I did not see him put his Hand into his Pocket, but I saw him draw it out, and wrap it up close in his Hand; said I to the Prosecutor, That Man has taken your Handkerchief, and showed him the Prisoner; I went, after the Gentleman had taken him, to the Parrot Alehouse in Green-Arbor Court , and the Handkerchief was then produced, this is such an one as he took out of his Pocket; I cannot swear to the Handkerchief.
Prisoner. Ask the Gentleman whether he can swear to the Handkerchief? there are several Handkerchiefs in a Piece of the same Sort.
Donald. This is my Handkerchief.


                  Geo 
                  Long 
               



            . I was at the Parrot in Green Arbor-Court , and asked the Prisoner how he came by the Handkerchief; he begg'd and pray'd, and said he never did any such thing before, and desired they would let him go: He had two more Handkerchiefs . I asked him whose those were? and he said, he did not know. Going along, my Beadle saw him offer to drop one or two; he had no Handkerchief about his Neck then that I saw. - The Prisoner jump'd down a sleep Pair of Stairs , that goes towards the Fleet Market, they are commonly call'd Break-Neck-Stairs, and there he was taken.


                  Lydia 
                  Bird 
               



            . I know the Prisoner to be a very honest Man, I never knew any Harm of him; and as to the Handkerchief that was taken from him, I bought it of Madam Compton in Rosemary lane; I know the Handkerchief when I see it, it is a red Ground, with a yellow Flower.
Mr. Donald's Handkerchief being produced, she was asked whether that was the Handkerchief; she said that was not the Handkerchief.
Prisoner. It was an India Handkerchief; one of the Handkerchiefs that were taken from me is my own, the other is the young Woman's (that is, 
               
                  Lydia 
                  Bird 
               



            's). 


               Guilty 10d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


