





72. 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Rossiter 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silk Handkerchief, and 3 s.
             the Goods and Money of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bigee 
                  




                
             , Oct. 15
.


                  Thomas 
                  Bigee 
               



            . I am a Waterman by my Business
. On the 16th of October, I had been out all Day with a Fare, and made it very late at Night before I landed them at Westminster, and being late I got a Coach for them, and they left me. After this, as I was walking along to Hungerford, this Woman met me, and said, How do you do Brother Waterman? I told her I did not know her: why says she, I have seen you often enough at Westminster. She asked me to make her drink; I told her I did not care if I did; and she told me there was an Acquaintance of her's just by, where we could have a Glass of good Wine. I said Wine was too dear for Watermen; but however she carried me as far as the Hay-market, and we went into a Room, and called for a Pint of Wine. She sat down on one Chair and I on another, and when we had drank out that Pint, I was for going, but by her Persuasions I called for another. I being tir'd with sitting up so long, sat down on the Bed, and I suppose she thought I was asleep, for I had not been there 5 Minutes before she made bold to take the Handkerchief off my Neck. I had a Mind to see what she would do with me, and therefore I lay still; but presently she put her Hand in my Pocket to feel for my Money. Then I thought it Time to get up, and said I, you fancy impudent W - e, can't you be content to take my Handkerchief , and not my Money? D - your Eyes, said she, did I take your Handkerchief? that was the next Word: why I saw you, said I; D - you, said she, I took none; that was the next Word. I took 3 s. out of my Pocket, (for I had Money in both) and laid it on the Table, but her Hands were quicker than mine, and she took that too. I took hold of her, and tore her Apron out of the Gathers, and then she said she would swear her Life against me. I would not make any Disturbance in the Room, so I deliver'd her to a Watchman, and he said he knew her to be a Whore and a Thief from her Cradle, that was the next Word. They put her down the dark Hold, and took my Word till next Morning, and then we went to the Justice's, where she pull'd out 3 s one of them was Queen Ann's Shilling, and she d - d me and said, she would be merry with that. As soon as she came out of the Justice's, she shew'd her white Stockings , and said, do you think these white Stockings can walk to the Gatehouse? No, D - you, I will have a Coach; and so because she should not plague us, I gave them a Shilling to get Madam a Coach.
Pris. If he found me taking his Handkerchief, why did he not take bold of me?
Bigee. Because I had a Mind to lie a little longer, to see what she would do with me, for I did not know whether she would not take all my Cloaths off .


                  John 
                  Gaywood 
               



            . I was before the Justice with her, and she denied taking the Handkerchief , but when she came out of the House she put her Hands under her Coats in this Manner, and said, Here you Blackguard, here is your Handkerchief, and I'll carry it to Goal with me to keep my Head warm.


                  John 
                  Howard 
               



             deposed to the same Effect.
The Prisoner having nothing material to offer in her Defence, nor any Witnesses to call, the Jury found her 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


