






129, 130. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dobbing 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Holmes 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing two copper pails, value 15 s.
             the goods of our lord the 

                     King
                  




, January 12
.


                  Robert 
                  Scotting 
               



            . On the 12th of this inst. the prisoner came to me with these pails. The man had them in a bag upon his back, and the woman offered them to sell as old copper; I said, I suspected them to be stolen, and that they were made for the government. She said, she had them from her brother in New-England. I stopped them, and said, if they brought any body to shew they came honestly by them - they should have them again.
Q. Why did not you stop the prisoners?
Scotting. I was going on board a ship about some business, and left the prisoners with my man - Dobbings told my man he would go and fetch his landlady to the character of his wife - that she came honestly by them. But before the Justice he denied she was his wife. My man, while I was gone, found out the marks. I went down to Greenwich, and heard that Dobbings had been a pensioner

 there. And the gentlemen of the hospital sent some people to look at the pails; and they found they belonged to the hospital.


                  Charles 
                  Sparkes 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Scotting. Holmes offered them for 10 d. per pound, and said she had two of them every year from New-England, and had sold that sort ten years. Dobbings said they had no marks upon them. But after they were gone, I found the marks; and by my master's order, when they came again, I stopped them.
Sarah Green, and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Jewers 
               



            , (two of the nurses) Proved the pails were in the Hospital on Friday night, and missing on Saturday morning, that they were marked G R Greenwich.


                  Stephen 
                  Stonystreet 
               



            , (the Steward's clerk) Produced the King's stamp, and it fitted with the mark on the pails.
Dobbings. I went with Holmes to sell them; she told me she had them from her brother in New-England. I knew no better. I did not know there was any mark upon them.
Q. Are you any relation to this woman?
Dobbings. She is not my wife.
Holmes. On the Saturday morning between one and two he went out with a bag, and said he was going to move some goods. He came home between 5 and 6 with these pails. I asked him how he came by them; he sa id he had them by chance. He made me go with him to sell them, and bid me say I had them from my brother, or he would knock my brains out - I was married to him at the fleet.
Dobbings. Indeed I am not married to her, this is my wife.
[Dobbings's wife fell down on her knees, and begged for her husband, and said, I am his lawful wife, she is a common whore and has been the ruin of our family.]
Holmes. You have a private key to get into the Hospital. Dobbings 

               Guilty
            . Holmes 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


