





107. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Holbrook 
                  



               
             , of St. Martin's in the Field's


 was indicted for 


               stealing a cover of a silver tankard, value 39 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Stanhope 
                  




                
             , Dec. 22
.


                  Mary 
                  Stanhope 
               



             . I keep an eating-house at the Swan in New-street Covent-Garden
, the Prisoner was my servant
, I lost the lid of a silver tankard, but I did not miss it till Mr. Quillet at the Ring and Pearl at Charing-cross, sent for me on Thursday, December 22. The Prisoner said he took it out of the bar, and I found it at Mr. Quillet's. I used the Prisoner very well he had no occasion to serve me so.


                  Stephen 
                  Quillet 
               



            . December 22, the Prisoner came to my shop and asked me whether I would buy the lid of a tankard, I told him I could not tell, till I had seen it; he showed it me and said, it was his aunt's. I bid him fetch her, he said he would go and fetch her, he came back in about 5 minutes, and said his aunt would not come back with him; I told him I would not buy it without his aunt was present and bid him fetch her, he was gone the second time about six or seven minutes; when he returned, he said his aunt would not come back, but said there was a friend of his that would give him a character. I said I would send for his aunt, I called a porter and sent him to the Bear and Ragged-staff in St. Martin's lane, but she would not come; he sent me to one Mr. Gardner who lives in our neighbourhood, he said his aunt kept a publick house, and he said, that he believed him to be a very honest lad; when he came back again I belive he thought I was going to buy it of him, for he said it was very good of you to enquire into people's characters before you buy things; but said I, this does not satisfy me, I must go to your aunt and know from her own mouth whether it is her's or no. I enquired where his aunt lived, and he said she lived at the White Swan in Long-Acre, but she did not live there, so I secured him, but he would not tell me where he lived till he was in custody, and then he said he lived with Mrs. Stanhope ; I sent to her, she came and brought the other part of the tankard with her and owned it - it weighs 7 ounces and an half.
Prisoner. Was that lid of the tankard ever out of your liberty since you had it?
Quillet. It never was out of my custody. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


