





+ 10. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing on the 1st of November
, 2 tin canisters, val. 1 s. 2 pounds weight of bohea-tea, val. 11 s. out of the shop of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Harrison 
                        




                      
                  , his property
            .


                  Thomas 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I live in Old-nickle-street


, I keep a little shop
 and I sell tea, &c. On the 1st of November, about eight o'Clock, I heard somebody open the door: my wife said, who is there? upon that no body answered; so she ran out, and I heard her cry out, stop thief, I have lost 2 canisters; upon that, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Slate 
               



             caught hold of him, and I also immediately collar'd him: he had not gone above three doors, he dropt the tea about a yard from the shop.


                  Mary 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I was sitting by the fire, and I heard the hatch lift up, and I said, who is there? making me no answer, I run out to the door, and cry'd out, Stop thief; but he heard me coming, and I saw him drop it before I cry'd out.


                  Ann 
                  Slate 
               



            . I was going to Mr. Harrison's house on a Sunday night, and I saw a man come out of the house with something under his arm, it was about eight o'clock at night, a very moonshine night. Mrs. Harrison came out with a candle, and cry'd out, Stop thief; and he immediately dropt them, and I took hold of the flap of his coat, and Mr. Harrison in less than a minute came out, and took hold of him.
Q. to Prisoner. What business are you?
Prisoner. I have been a seaman
 from my youth.
The Prisoner had nothing to the purpose to say in his defence.




               Guilty 4 s. and 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


