





423. + 
               
                  Ann 
                  Ryder 
               



            , of St Mary le Bone


, was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Favel 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain Field, near the King's Highway, putting her in Fear, and taking from her a Cloth Cloak, value 2 s. her Property
            , July 27
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Favel 
               



            . On the 27th of July, I had been at Pancras-Wells to drink the Waters, and coming Home between eight and nine in the Morning, I met the Prisoner in the Farthing-Pye Field; two Women passed me; and as they passed me, one of them said, Why don't you cut your Coat shorter, and went forward; I turned about, and saw the Prisoner behind me; she came on the right Side of me, pushed me, and asked me if I did not come along that Field (a Field by Tottenham Court) I told her, no; she said, you lie, you did, for you have get my Apron off my Sides; I told her, I had not; for I never saw her before in my Life; said she, Madam, don't deny it, for I have the Strings in my Pocket; and she pulled two Bits of Strings out of her Pocket; she said, you and a Fellow were drinking a Pot of Beer at the Sun, and if I would tell her who I gave the Apron to, she would let me go on, else she would have either my Apron or my Cloak; so she took hold of my Cloak, and pulled it; I said, Pray don't pull it, you will strangle me; said she, Oh, d - n you, so I will. I screamed, and called out Murder; but she took the Cloak, and ran away with it; I saw this Soldier at the End of the Field, and told him that I had been robbed of my Cloak; he went with me to the Edge of the Bank, and 
               
                  Philip 
                  Holder 
               



             brought the Prisoner to me; she had the Cloak on then, she had pinned it on; she told him that I had stole her Apron from her, and he bid her give me the Cloak, and told her I did not look like a Person that would steal her Apron: She unpinned the Cloak and gave it to him, and he gave it to me, so I went home and she followed me home; as soon as I came into the House, I fell into a Fit, and was not able to speak for some Time; the Soldier and Holder came Home with me. - She was without her Apron when she came up to me.
Prisoner. I had been at the Sign of the Sun at Tottenham Court to see for my Brother, and having my Apron cut off, I was in such a Fright that I could not tell whether she had a Cloak on or no.


                  John 
                  Warren 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner skuffling with this young Woman, and saw her take the Cloak off her Back, and put it upon her own, and run away with it, and ran down a Gravel-Pit. Holder took her, and brought her up the Bank. I asked her how she could take the Gentlewoman's Cloak from her; she said as Mrs Favel has related, and infilled upon keeping the Cloak. I desired her to return it, and go home with her to her Father and Mother; said Mrs Favel, If you say I have stole your Apron, I will give you this which I have about my Middle; but she said, No, that Apron is not so good as mine, mine was a Holland Apron.


                  Philip 
                  Holder 
               



             says, that he saw her take the the Cloak, and gave just the same Account with the last Witness.
Jury. Was she sober then?
Holder. No, I believe not, I think she was in Liquor.
Methusalah Favel. On the 27th of July, as I was at Breakfast, I heard a hideous Cry at the Stairs-head, I knew it to be my Child's Voice, and she fell into a Fit; I saw the Prisoner standing there, said I to her, Hussy, what do you do there; she said, the Girl, or some such Expression, had got her Apron; said I, Do you think we look like Folks that would take an Apron from any Body, he gone about your Business, or I must send you to the House of Correction. - She made regular Answers, I cannot tell whether she was in Liquor or not.
The Prisoner's Mother said she had lived with her 'till within two Days before she was sent to Newgate, and used to maintain herself at Plain-Work, when she was not at Service, that she got 6 d. or 7 d. a Day. 


               Guilty of the Felony, Acquitted of the Robbery
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


