





58. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Glaswell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Watch
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Joan 
                     Underwood 
                  




                
             of Lime-House-Hole


, on the 16th of January
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Underwood.) Did you lose a Watch at any Time?
Underwood. I lost it on Thursday the 16th Instant about Four o'Clock in the Afternoon.
Q. Where was this Watch?
Underwood. It hung upon a Nail in the Chimney-Corner.
Q. Where do you live?
Underwood. At Lime-House-Hole.
Q. At what Time of the Day was this?
Underwood. It was pretty near Four o'Clock, as near as I can guess.
Q. When did you miss it?
Underwood. About ten minutes after the Prisoner was gone.

Q. Give an Account how it was found? Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar?
Underwood. I never saw him in my Life before he came to my House along with one Singleton.
Q. What did they come for?
Underwood. I was particularly acquainted with Singleton, who was going down with this Man to Blackwall.
Q. Singleton then you knew, and he brought this Prisoner with him?
Underwood. Yes.
Q. Tell me what you know further of the Matter?
Underwood. Having Occasion to go up Stairs, I left the Prisoner and Singleton in the lower Room. There was a Screen that parted the Fire-Place and the Window. Upon my coming down again, this 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Singleton 
               



             was talking with me about his Business at Blackwall, and in the mean while this other Fellow (the Prisoner) went out. I said to Singleton, why your Friend is gone, he never took his Leave of me? As we both sat down by the Fire, I clapp'd my Eyes to the corner Place, and missing the Watch, I said, you have play'd the Rogue with my Watch; I said, I can take my Oath I had it when you came into the House. I sent for my Husband and Brother to pursue after the Prisoner, and they found the Watch upon him.


                  John 
                  Eastham 
               



            . I am the Watchman.
Q. Did you pursue the Prisoner?
Eastham, This poor Man (Singleton) that was charged on Suspicion, with the Watch, coming down, we went in Pursuit of the Prisoner at the Bar, and we found him in Cable-Street at his own House. And please you, my Lord, I tax'd him about the Affair, but he would make no Confession: He was carried before the Magistrate: He would not be search'd a great while; but upon searching him I found the Watch under his left Arm, and here it is to be produced.
Q. When you found it under his Arm-pit, what did he say then?
Eastham. He said he was in Liquor and did not know what he did.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Will you ask these Evidences any Questions? What have you to say in your Defence?
Prisoner. It was ignorantly done.
Q. Have you any Witnesses?
Prisoner. No. I was disguised in Liquor and did not know any Thing of it. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


