





491. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Turner 
                  



               
             , of St. James's West, minster


, was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of silk stockings, value 21 s. and two pair of cotton stockings, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Wilkins 
               




             , July 2d
.


                  Anthony 
                  Wilkins 
               



             . On the second of July the prisoner came to my house, and told me that there were two gentlemen wanted some Allopeans and Grograms, and some silk stockings; and accordingly I took three pieces of Allopeans and Grograms, two pair of black silk stockings, and two pair of white cotton stockings , and the prisoner was very desirous for me to let him carry the goods, but I did not think proper to let him carry them, but I would carry them, and we went away together .
Q. Did you know the gentlemen?
Wilkins . Yes, and as we were going along, the prisoner said he would carry one piece and the yard, for it looked something like a tradesman.
Q. Did you let him carry one piece?
Wilkins . He took hold of it, and I did not resist him; he would not go through the Mall, but he would go by Buckingham-house, and when we came to St. James's kitchin door, I put the Allo peans and Grograms down, and the prisoner took the stockings out of my hand and run away with them; I have no other witness, it was in a private place.
Prisoner. This person, who says I took the stockings from him at St. James's kitchin door , says wrong; I would ask him whether he would swear I took the stockings from him, or whether he did not give them into my hand?
Wilkins . He took them out of my hand.
Prisoner. This gentleman is a pawnbroker, and he told me he wanted to dispose of some grograms and stockings, and other things; I told him I knew some Gentleman that I believed wanted some; and when we came to St. James's kitchin door I agreed for a guinea for the two pair of black silk stockings, and 3 s. and 3 d. a pair for the white , and I carried them to the gentlemen; and I being gone a pretty while, he was gone before I returned .
Wilkins . I staid there three hours, my lord.
Prisoner . He did not stay three quarters of any hour; I desire to know whether in that narrow place I could have got away, if he had but called or lifted up his finger?
Wilkins. I went after him as fast as I could go, and the first person I saw was a centry, and I asked him whether he did not see a man with a lightish coloured coat and a light wig, and he said he was just run by, and run away ready to break his neck; while I was taking up my allopeans, he was gone.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


