






392, 393. 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Wilson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Murray 
                  



                
             , of St Andrew's Holborn



, were indicted for 


               stealing a Book, called The History of the Earls and Earldom of Flanders, &c. value 12 d. One other Book, call'd A Voyage to Barbary for the Redemption of Captives, performed in the Year 1720, value 18 d. One other Book, call'd The History of the Rights of Princes, in the Disposing of Ecclesiastical Benefices and Church-Lands. By 
                     
                        Gilbert 
                        Burnet 
                     



                  , D. D. value 6 d. One other Book, called The Divine Right of Episcopacy asserted, val. 12 d. And two Volumes of the Guardians, Vol. I. and Vol. II. val. 4 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Jones 
               




             , July 19
.


                  William 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am a Bookseller
: my Dwelling-house is in Redcross-street, but I keep a little Shop in Holborn


, at the Corner of Staple's-Inn


, which was broke open the 19th of July, and I guess'd that I had lost about 30 or 40 Books; I imagined it would be too tedious to put them all in the Indictment, therefore I have mentioned but these six. [The Titles of the Books were read, with Those set forth in the Indictment, and the Witness gave much the same Account of their Value.] A Watchman found the Shop broke open, and sent to my Dwelling-house to inform me of it, between two and three in the Morning. The Prisoner Wilson was taken in the Shop. He gave an Account that Murray, the other Prisoner, had the Books, and they were found in a Chamber of Mr Ward's, at No. 9, in Furnival's-Inn. Several of them were delivered me by Mr Ward's eldest Clerk, and these four were taken out of Murray's Pocket; I saw them taken out: he shewed them to me himself, and put them into the Beadle's Hands. The Guardians were found in a Closet in Mr Ward's Chambers; Murray directed a Person to look for the Key of the Closet, and confessed that it was all along of Wilson. Wilson had confessed before I took Murray, that Murray and he broke open the Shop, and took out the Books. This he confessed to me, and likewise before my Lord-Mayor: He confessed he was in the Shop, and delivered out the Books to Murray; so in the Evening we went to Murray, and found these Books upon him. Murray did not deny the Fact at first, but blamed Wilson, and Wilson blamed him; but when Murray was before my Lord-Mayor he denied it, and said Wilson threw them all in (unknown to him) at a Window at Mr Ward's Chambers.
Prisoner Wilson. Did I make any Confession in writing?
Mr Jones. He went back to my Lord-Mayor's, and had an Information wrote, to charge Murray; and told me, I should have every Book again: I saw the Information, but I know nothing of his signing it.
Murray. Is not this a large Shop of Books, from whence these were taken?
Mr Jones. No, it is a little Shop; there is about 2 or 3 hundred Books in it; all mark'd with my Mark. These have my Mark in them, - an Alphabet Letter, - F, or M, or N. They are put in my Books, both to distinguish the Prices, and ascertain my Property; and they are such Marks as are peculiar to myself.
Murray. Have you no more of those Sort of Books in that Shop?
Mr Jones. I have no more Guardians but this Set, at that Place: I believe I had no more of any of these Sorts there. I am sure these are all my Books. I know them.
Murray. What Mark was in the Guardians?
Jones. An Z and F. And there is an M in the Rights of Princes.
Murray. When did you first hear of me?
Jones. Wilson gave me Information that he was concerned in the Robbery, and I took him at his Master's Chambers. I can't tell whether he is a regular Clerk to Mr Ward or not; the eldest Clerk when I was there, told me Mr Ward was out of Town.


                  Charles 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am Son of the former Witness. I shut up the Shop close on the 18th of July at Night, and went home; but my Father and I were called up the next Morning about 3 o'clock. 
               
                  Richard
                   Aspley


             , a Watchman, found the Shop broke; and when we got to the Watch-house, we saw Wilson in Custody. Upon examining the Shop, I guessed there were about 30 Books gone, among which were all those my Father has mentioned. I saw them all there that Week, - I can't justly speak to the Time when; but we can miss Books, by the Gaps upon the Shelves.


                  Henry 
                  Robinson 
               



            , (a Watchman). Three Minutes before two in the Morning, the 19th of July, I went to the upper End of my Walk, that I might beat down again, when the Clock struck. When I was got just against this Shop, I heard a Clatter, - a falling down of something. I immediately went up, and knocked at the Shop door - Who is there, says I? There was no Answer, - so I called out again, - Who is there? A Man (who we found afterwards was Wilson) answer'd, - It was his Brother's Stall, and he came there to lie that Night. I bid him open the Door; he would not, but kept it fast with his Lift Garter. I saw the Staple of the Padlock bent, and hanging upon the Door, so I thought it did not look well; and a Brother-Watchman coming up to assist me, we forced the Door open, and laid hold of him. We did not find any Thing upon him, but the Books were pulled down, and lay ready upon the Stand to be carried off. When we took him, (Wilson) he said but little, only he desired us to use him as a Gentleman, for - he was no Scoundrel. But my Partner took him to the Watch-house, and I said to look after the Shop, so I heard him make no Confession.
Murray. When you saw Wilson in the Shop, did you see any Body else about the Door?
Robinson. I saw nobody at all about the Door, after I heard the Noise.
Aspley. I am the Watchman that Robinson called to his Assistance. As he went up to beat his Rounds, he lifted up his Lanthorn to the Door. I called and asked what was the Matter? Here is somebody in the Shop, says he! I ran over to him, and heard Wilson say, it was his Brother's Shop, and he came there to sleep, and would sleep. I observed the Bar to be down, and that the Padlock hung upon the Staple; so I whispered 
               
                  Harry 
                  Robinson 
               



            , and told him, I would call another Watchman to take Care of him. When I was going to call another Man, then he was for coming out of the Shop; - No, no, says I, as you have staid all this while, stay a little longer; and when I had got another Watchman, we opened the Door, and told him, he must go to the Watch-house. He called us a Parcel of Scoundrels , and said he would go to his Brother's at Furuival's-Inn. I told him he should go to the Watch-house, and as we carried him along he catch'd hold of the Bar of a Window, and held so fast, that I was forced to give him a Knock on the Elbow to make him let go. Then we carried him to the Watch-house, and sent for Mr Jones, but we found nothing upon him. I was with him before my Lord-Mayor, where he would own nothing at all at first, but at last, he said Murray was concerned with him, in breaking open the Shop, and taking the Books. By his Information Murray was taken, and brought to us, who waited for him at Furnival's-Inn-Cellar ; and there he (Murray) delivered 4 Books out of his Pocket; (what they were I can't tell) and he said the rest were in a particular Place, and told us where the Key lay, which was to open the Door of the Closet in his Master's Chambers, where the Books were put. I heard Murray tell Mr Jones he should not lose one of his Books; and that it was all along of Wilson that he came into the Scrape. These two Carpenter's Tools I found standing upright against the Wall, within 2 or 3 Doors of the Shop which had been broke open, about an Hour after Wilson was taken.
Murray. When I was sent for, did not I come willingly?
Aspley. Yes; I believe he did.


                  John 
                  York 
               



            . I was there when Wilson laid hold of the Bar of the Window, and assisted in carrying him down to the Watch-house. I heard him say nothing about this Robbery; but I heard Murray confess the Books were in the Chamber, and he said they were thrown thro' the Window. They were found in a Bag, in a Closet in the Chambers at Furnival's-Inn .


                  Thomas 
                  Sympson 
               



            . I was Constable that Night, when the Watchmen brought Wilson, by Force, into the Watch-house. They told me he had broke open a Bookseller's Shop joining to Staple's-Inn . He would not confess any thing at first; but when he found I was going to send him to the Compter , he said, Mr Jones should have all his Books again. I sent him to the Compter that Night, and next Morning, carried him before my Lord-Mayor, where he denied having the Books; but after my Lord had committed him to the Compter, he acknowledged that he took them out of the Shop, and delivered them to Murray, and said that Mur- ray took them away in 2 Pillow-cases. Wilson directed me where to find Murray, and accordingly I found him at Mr Ward's Chambers, No. 9. in Furnival's-Inn. When I first went to the Chambers, he was not within; but Mr Dowdell told me, he expected him in every Minute, so I went to Furnival's-Inn-Cellar , and sat a-while; then I desired Mr Jones and his Son to go and see for him; and they brought him down to us. I asked him, What he had done with the Books? He pretended not to know what I meant. You do, says I, - your Companion has impeached, and has told us where the Books are. Upon this he sat down a little while, and then says he, - He's a vile Rogue, he has drawn me into this Scrape; but if Mr Jones will be easy, he shall not lose one of them. He did not own he took them, but said they were thrown in at the Window.
Jury. How was the Shop-Door fastened?


                  William 
                  Jones 
               



            . There's an under, and an upper Door; the under Door is fastened with 2 Bolts, and the upper Door was fastened with this Padlock, which was wrenched off.


                  William 
                  Newton 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Richardson 
               



            , 
               
                  Ambrose 
                  Clark 
               



            , 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Brian 
               



            , and 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Brian 
               



             appeared to Wilson's Character.


                  Robert 
                  Duckworth 
               



            , 
               
                  Lawrence 
                  Riggs 
               



            , and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Riggs 
               



             spoke to Murray's. Murray 

               Acquitted
            . Wilson 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


