





464. + 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Griffin 
                  



               
             , of St Michael Cornhill


 , was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Silk Hand kerchief , val. 2 s. from the Person of 
                     
                        Lewis 
                        Hayes 
                     




 , Sept. 6
.
Lewis Hayes . On the 6th of September, about 10 o'clock at Night, I was coming along Cornhill


 , and felt somebody at my Pocket very close, I turned about and took hold of his coat, and charged him with taking my Handkerchief, which I then saw in his Hand: He threw it over his Shoulder, and I held him fast about 4 or 5 Minutes, but up on his swearing terribly at me, and offering to strike me, I let him go. He ran away, and called John! John! all the Way he went; I pursued him, and Mr Crouch hearing him calling John , likewise followed him; but the Prisoner falling, Mr Pantrey came out, and took him. I never lost fight of him all the Time.
Prisoner. Ask him, whether there was a Lamp at the corner where he took hold of me?
Mr Hayes . There was a Lamp by which I could see him.


                  Peter 
                  Crouch 
               



             . On Saturday Night, about 10 o'clock, I was coming by the East-End of the Mansion-House, and heard a Fellow come after me, calling John as he ran; the Way is there so narrow, that I must either stand up, or he push me down: I did not like the Looks of the Fellow, so I clapp'd my cane against the Boards, he fell down, and Mr Pantrey seized him. The Gentleman came up, and said he had lost his Handkerchief; we searched him, and found several upon him, but not Mr Hayes's .


                  John 
                  Pantrey 
               



            . I seized the Prisoner, and the Gentleman said he had stole his Handkerchief.
Prisoner. He says he catched hold of me, seeing the Handkerchief thrown away; it is a very strange Thing if it had been on the Ground that the Lamp should not shew it. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


