






257. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Carter 
                  



               
            , of Finchley


, was indicted for 


               stealing an horizontal sun-dial, val. 30 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hedges 
                  




                
            , Esq
; May 10
.


                  Mark 
                  Sanders 
               



            . I am gardener to 'Squire Hedges. On Thursday the ninth of May this sun-dial was upon the pedestal in a gravel walk in the garden.
Q. Do you know any thing of the Prisoner?
Sanders. I do not know the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Gregory 
               



            . I am a founder in Shoe Lane. On the 11th of May I bought a dial of the Prisoner, the cock [the gnomon] was off, and the arms were erased out.
Q. to Sanders. Had it a gnomon upon it when it was in your master's garden?
Sanders. It had a gnomon to it.
Q. to Gregory. What did you give for it?
Gregory. I bought it as old brass, I gave him nine shillings and a peny; it weighed thirteen pounds two ounces; and he brought two brass candlesticks feet, and part of a knocker.
Q. What did you take him to be?
Gregory. I believed he dealt in old pewter and old brass, and such things. He told me he was a country dealer, and used to buy up these things in the country. I have had a great deal of trouble in this case in taking the Prisoner, and if I had not taken him, I might probably have stood in his shoes.
Prisoner. I sell Tunbridge ware, and have dealt that way a great many years.


                  John 
                  Legg 
               



            . I am gardener to Squire Hedges under 
               
                  Mark 
                  Sanders 
               



            . I saw this dial standing in the garden where it was fixed on the 9th of May about nine o'clock, or five minutes after nine in the morning. I looked at it at breakfast hour, and it was there: I will take my oath I saw it there then, and I went to look for it the next day about five minutes after eleven, and it was gone.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner?
Legg. I do not know that ever I saw his face.


                  Thomas 
                  Wright 
               



             (mathematical instrument maker to his Majesty.) I made this dial for Mr. Hedges, and set it up myself; the arms are erased, but my name was engraved so deep, that they could not get that off, though they have been endeavouring at it. It was a very neat one; Mr. Hedges gave me five guineas and a half for it.
Q. to the Prisoner. How did you come by it?
Prisoner. I bought it at Highgate of a man who looked like a gardener.
Q. Are either of those two men [Sanders and Legg] the person?
Prisoner. Neither of them is the person I bought it of.


                  William 
                  Blincoe 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner about three years.
Q. What is his business?
Blincoe. He used to go about with Tunbridge ware.
Q. Did you ever see him sell any?
Blincoe. No; my dame used to deal with him.
Q. What is the Prisoner's character?
Blincoe. I take him to be an honest man.
Q. Where is his settlement?
Blincoe. His settlement is in London.
Q. What is your business?
Blincoe. I keep a publick house, the White Swan in Islington.
Prisoner. I have lain at your house, and you never knew any thing amiss of me, I am sure.
Blincoe. He has lain at my house, and he never wronged me.
Q. to the Prisoner. Where is your settlement?
Prisoner. My lodging is where I come; when I come to London. I lodge at Mr. Price's house.


                  Samuel 
                  Price 
               



            . I keep a publick house at the White Hart in Chancery lane; I have kept the house a year and an half, and he lodged there before I came to it.
Q. Has he any family?
Price. He has a wife and a child; his wife lies in at my house now; she used to travel with him.
Q. Did he return every night?
Price. No, sometimes he staid away two or three days together.
Q. What business do you take him to be of?
Price. He travels about the country with wooden ware.


                  William 
                  Tovey 
               



            . I am a razor maker in Middle Row in Holborn. The prisoner and his wife used to go about the country with an elderly woman who sold turnery ware; she is I believe almost ninety years of age, and past her business, and he took the business up.
Q. Did you ever see them travel with goods?
Tovey. I never saw them travel; I have seen him carry goods out.
Q. What is his character?
Tovey. I never heard of any dishonestly by him. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


