





227. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Slate 
                  



               
            , of St Mary-le Bone


, was indicted for 


               stealing two Holland-Shirts, val. 7 s. one Cambrick-Hood, val. 1 s. one Linnen-Apron, val. 2 s. one Napkin, val. 6 d. two Caps, val. 6 d . one Muslin Hood, val. 6 d. two Handkerchiefs , val. 1 s. one Towel, val. 3 d. and a Pair>of Ruffles, val. 6 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Buckley 
                  




                
            . March, 4
.


                  Jane 
                  Buckley 
               



            . The Goods were stole out of my Yard, in Oxford-Road


, March 4, I found some of my Things at Mr Pythian's, a Pawnbroker; I went to all the Pawnbrokers I could think of to enquire after them, and Mr Pythian stopped the Prisoner, and sent for me; she would not confess any Thing.


                  John 
                  Pythian 
               



            . Between eleven and twelve in the Forenoon, the Prisoner came to me, and pledged a Shirt and a Handkerchief for a Shilling; between one and two o'Clock, or something sooner, Mrs Buckley came to me, and asked me, whether I had taken any Shirts in; I shewed her this Shirt, which I had of the Prisoner, and she said it was her's.


                  Jane 
                  Buckley 
               



            . This Shirt belongs to a Gentleman in my House; I washed it for him; this Cambrick-Hood is mine, and no Body's else.
Pythian. The two Hoods and the Cap were brought to be put with the Shirt for 6 d. more; Mrs Buckley desired I would stop her if she brought any more, which I did, and sent for her; the Linnen was not dry when she came in the Morning; the Evening before, she came to pledge a coarse Apron for 3 d.
Prisoner. I never saw the Prosecutor before I saw her at the Pawnbroker's, and I do not know where she lives. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


