





10. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Gardner 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Gown, value 2 s.
             on the 2d Day of November
.


                  Joseph 
                  Picther 
               



            . My Lord, about Eleven o'Clock I heard a Noise at my Door in St. Giles's in the Fields


, and I looked out and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Gardner 
               



             came up and said, that there was a Woman very sick, and that she wanted a Lodging: I ask'd her, how she came out of her Lodging, and she said that she wanted Money. This Gardner wanted to take her away to her own Lodging, for she said the Watchman would be about by and by, and I was afraid that she would take her Clothes away. She had two Shifts. This was about Twelve o'Clock at Night. After this she carried her into Brown's Gardens, and this was the 2d of November; and she was at the Door, and no body with her but Eliz. Gardner. I thought no more of it. I know this Gardner very well. I know nothing what became of the sick Woman, until I heard that she was in the Round-House, and that the Coroner had sat upon her. I know that this Gown was upon the Woman that is dead.


                  Daniel 
                  Porter 
               



            . This strip'd Cotton Gown was brought to be pawn'd to our shop for 2 s. by one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ditty 
               



            , who said it was her own Gown.
Q. Do you know any more?


                  Daniel 
                  Porter 
               



            . Yes, she sign'd her Confession at Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  De Veil 
               



            's.


                  John 
                  Holland 
               



            . On the 2d of November, opening my Father's Shop in Brown's-Gardens, there was a Woman stripp'd of her Gown, with a Handkerchief ty'd round her Mouth, and she was dead or dying; she was warm yet; she at that Time was stripp'd of her Gown.
Q. Do you know any more of this Affair?


                  John 
                  Holland 
               



            . She had on a Pair of leather Boddice.


                  Thomas 
                  Cartwright 
               



            . I was sent for to take the Woman away, and carry'd her to the Round-House; After that, I went into Holborn, to see a Man stand in the Pillory that Day. This Gardner had confess'd that this Gown had been taken off the Back of the Deceas'd, and that she gave it to a Washerwoman to wash. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


