







24, 25. 
               
                  
                     Matth.ew 
                     Fidlin 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Stedman 
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 700 Pounds of Lead, fix'd to the Vestry Room belonging to the Parish Church of St. Sepulchre




, February 28

. And,
26. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wilks 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to be stole
            .


                  Henry 
                  Herbert 
               



            . I being Plumber to the Parish of St. Sepulchre, was employed by Mr. Haines, the Church-Warden, to go and see what Lead was stolen, and what there was for me to do, and found it cut and mangled in several Places. On Shrove Sunday we went about in pursuit of this Lead, and to no Purpose; but on the Tuesday Night following, about ten o'Clock, we went to the House of one Mr. Ball, where we happen'd to find some of this Lead cut into two and forty Pieces, which I am very well satisfied was Part of the Lead that was taken from St. Sepulchre's Vestry Room, for I compar'd them together.
Counc. How much is that Lead worth per Hundred?
Herbert. Twelve Shillings to be sure,


                  John 
                  Atkins 
               



            . On the Saturday before Shrove-Tuesday, Fidlin, Stedman, and I, knock'd down four Cocks in the Fields, and had them dress'd at the Harrow, over-against St. Sepulchre's-Church. When we had paid some of our Reckoning, we came out, and got on the Top of the Vestry-Room belonging to the Church, and cut the Lead: When we had got enough, we carried it Home to our own Lodging in Three-Fox-Court, in Long-lane by Smithfield. On Sunday in the Afternoon, we went to Mr. Wilks's to drink, and while we were there, Mr. Boomer, and another Gentleman came to search the House. The next Morning we carried 109 Pounds of Lead to Wilks, - he keeps the George in Fleet-Lane, and I had been very well acquainted with the House before. When we came there with the Lead, we saw Wilks's Wife and Daughter, and after we had been down in the Cellar to weigh it, we drank a Pint of hot Ale and Gin, and I then desir'd Wilks to let us have the Money. He ask'd me what Money I meant? I told him I had brought in some Stuff, upon which he call'd his Daughter Bitch, for not letting him know what we had brought. I call'd him aside, and told him, we had five or six hundred Weight more, and desir'd him no have it, except he could sell it, for it might be of dangerous Consequence. He ask'd me, if we had cut it to Pieces? I told him we had not, upon which he bid us go home and do it, and he would send his Daughter with a Porter to fetch it away, and he accordingly did.
Q. How much did you receive from Wilks for the first Parcel?
Atkins. We received 1 s or 18 d. a piece then, and he us'd to give us 9 s. 4 d. a hundred: it was agreed between us some Months before, that that should be a common Price for our Lead.
C. What Place did you tell Wilks to send for it?
Atkins. We directed him to Three-Fox Court, and by his Order, his Daughter went home with us that she might find out the House again. Soon afterwards Wilks's Daughter came with a Porter, and carried the Lead away to Mr. Ball's a Plumber's; I know they went there with it, because the Prisoner Stedman took a turn or two with them, and he told me, they had lodg'd it there, besides I myself had carried Lead there for Mr. Wilks, which we have stolen before this. I believe I could know the Lead again if I was to see it, but one Piece of Lead is like another; we know it to be so by our Experience in cutting it. I work as a Plaisterer myself, and have known Wilks ten Months; he keeps a Shop and buys Old Iron and Lead.
Wilks's Q. Suppose you had gone to a Plumber, how much should you have got for the Lead?
Atkins. Eleven Shillings a hundred or thereabouts : but any Thing of an honest Man would have examin'd us about it: I never sold any to any Signification but to Wilks, and I can't say he knew this to be stolen.
Q. When you told him you had got more Lead at Home, what did he say to you?
Atkins. He bid us go Home and cut it to pieces; I suppose for Fear it should be match'd; but he gave us no Reason for his chusing to have it cut.
Pris. Stedman. Ask him whose House the Lead was carry'd to from the Vestry Room?
Atkins. To my Father's in 3 Fox-court.


                  Samuel 
                  Banister 
               



            . I was employ'd by Wilks to be his Porter to carry Goods out. I never carried any Lead to Ball's before this misfortunate Time. He gave his Daughter Orders to go with me, and I went into 3 Fox-court and carry'd some Lead from thence up Mr. Ball's, the other Side of Leadenhall-market. I went 5 Times in all, two on the Monday, and three on Shrove Tuesday, and his Daughter went with me and saw the Lead weigh'd. I can't justly say what the weight of it was, whether it was 5 or 600 weight, but I remember there were 6 lb. allow'd for Dirt.
C. When you were in 3 Fox-court, who gave you Directions to take the Lead away?
Banister. Old Atkins and a young Fellow with sore Eyes: My Master's Daughter directed me where to carry it. He keeps a public House and buys and sells old Iron, and I never heard him accus'd before.
Wilks Q. Did you carry this Lead in a private manner as if it was stolen?
Banister. No, I carry'd it in a Sack, and they help'd me up with it.


                  William 
                  Boomer 
               



            , Constable; gave an Account of his searching Wilks's House, and that the Prisoners were there at the same Time; that finding no Lead there, he gave over searching 'till Tuesday Night, when he receiv'd Information that some of the Lead had been carry'd to Mr. Ball's: That he went thither and saw some pieces of Lead, and the Draught of them set down which amounted to 600 and odd weight, but he could not say that this was the Lead that came from the Vestry Room, and that afterwards he found the Prisoner Wilks's Daughter there, who he apprehended came to receive the Money for what had been sold.
Mrs. Ball. I bought some Lead of Wilks's Daughter, and paid her 11 s. 6 d. a Hundred for it.


                  William 
                  Duck 
               



            . I have known Wilks upwards of 20 or 25 Years; he has dealt in Tar and Grease, and has serv'd People who kept Coaches and Carts. His usual Character has been that of a Bustling Man, striving to get his Bread.


                  Thomas 
                  Pitch 
               



            . I have known Wilks these 30 Years; he was first a Bricklayer and then a Chairman; since that, I have been at his Shop and seen Iron and Brass and such Things; - I can't say I ever saw any Lead there. He has born the Character of an honest, laborious Man ever since I have known him.
- Norcott. I have known Wilks the best part of these four Years; he has dealt in Brokery ever since I have known him. He keeps a Shop, and his Scales us'd to hang out at the Door: I have seen him buy and sell Iron and Lead as a fair Trader. I am a Wheeler and live in Thames-street; I lay out a great many Pounds a Year in Grease with him.


                  George 
                  Field 
               



             Wheeler in Tyburn-road. Mr. Wilks liv'd next Door to me for some Years: I have known him about 14 or 15 Years, but I have been little acquainted with him since he liv'd this way, though I have dealt with him for Tar and Grease. I always thought him an honest Man, and from the Knowledge I have of him, I don't belive he would buy stolen Goods.


                  George 
                  Ludlow 
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Davis 
               



            , George Fullick, Timothy Mitchel, 
               
                  John 
                  Tharm 
               



            , and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Lewis 
               



            , likewise appeared for Wilks, and never heard but that he bore a good Character.


                  Thomas 
                  Jones 
               



            . I keep a Shop in White-cross-street, and deal in old Iron, I have known Wilks, about 3 Years, and have dealt with him for a great many Pounds. His Character I know nothing of but that it is very fair. A Penny a Pound is a common Price for a Bit of Lead, and I have bought a great deal myself for 9 s. 4 d. a Hundred.
- Beck. I can't say any thing as to his Character; I have no Dealings with him.



                  John 
                  Cole 
               



            . I have known him 14 or 15 Years; he liv'd in my Neighbourhood in Tyburn road, but I know nothing of his particular Dealings.


                  Ann 
                  Parfitt 
               



            . I live in Fleet-lane, and did lodge at the Prisoner's House: He buys old Iron and makes Grease, and I have known these Fellows use his House. He is not look'd upon to be an honest Man in the Neighbourhood, for they say he bus stolen Goods; that is his general Character. He kept his Scales below Stairs, and weigh'd Lead there; these Men have come all Hours of the Night to bring it.


                  William 
                  Boomer 
               



            . I have heard of Wilks's buying stolen Goods continually, and have search'd his House and all the rest of the Lane, but I never found any thing upon him. Wilks went with me and assisted me to take the Evidence Atkins.
- Ford. I know Wilks very well, and he has the Character of buying stolen Goods.
Stedman and Fidlin 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
             Wilks 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


