





162. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hurst 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 28 Yards of Linnen Cloth, Value 28 s. 1 lb. of Thread, Value 2 s. 4 d.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Leigh 
                  




                
            .


                  Q. 
               


            (to Leigh) What have you to say about the Prisoner's stealing some Thread?
Leigh. I have to alledge against him stealing that Thread, and a Piece of Cloth, which I miss'd, and found mislaid in an improper Place.
Q. What Business are you?
Leigh. A Manchester Warehouse-keeper and Linnen-draper
.
Q. What was it you missed?
Leigh. A Piece of Irish Cloth. Upon missing that Cloth I examin'd all my Servants; upon the Evening of that Day I discovered this Man had laid it out of its Place; and in the Evening of that Day 
               
                  John 
                  Hurst 
               



             had endeavoured to throw it upon several of my Servants, in order to excuse himself. In examining him about the Piece of Cloth that he had carried out, I ask'd him how he came by that Cloth; he said he had bought it of an Irish Merchant's Servant about a Month before, and he had it away about a Week before, and I asked him whether he could produce the Piece of Cloth; he said he could. After he produced the Cloth, I asked him how it came to have my Mark upon it; then he said it was a Piece of Cloth that he bought of me a Twelve-month ago.
Q. So he produced it, did he?
Leigh. No, My Lord, we had it by another Discovery; we found Part of it in the House of one Mrs. Morris, and Part of it in the House of one Mrs. Winter.


                  Q. 
               


            (by the Council for the Prisoner) to Leigh. This Man has lived with you for sometime, has he not?
Leigh. Yes.
Council. Then you can account for some Money that he has: Don't you know that he has an Annuity besides? Did you find that in his Box? Had he never any Cloth you for which he paid?
Leigh. Yes.
Council. And I suppose he might have had more.
Leigh. He might have had any Quantity, because we never restrain any Body.
Council. Can you say you don't believe he would have paid you for it? Did he say that he had stole it? that he had taken it out of the House, contrary to his Duty, and what he ought not to do? Did he confess before the Justice that he had stole it?
Leigh. Yes, he did confess, Sir; he would not confess any Thing else but this. I found the Pound of Thread, and I found Part of the Cloth in his Box. I found this in Mrs. Morris's House [The Piece of Cloth produced in Court ] We ask'd him if he had taken it out of the House in an unlawful Manner.
Q. Are you sure it was your's?
Leigh. Yes, I can swear 'tis my Cloth.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Morris.) What do you know of this Matter ?
Morris. The 20th of March was the first Time I ever saw this Man; he said he had lived two Years with this Gentleman, and he owned him two Years Wages, and that his Master had charged him with robbing him, and had taken twenty-three Pounds out of his Box and Pocket, and he left this Cloth in my House. I asked this young Man how he came to bring this Cloth from his Master's; he asked me if I could recommend him to a Lawyer: On Monday his Master came with a Search Warrant, and found the Cloth there.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Hester 
                  Winter 
               



            ) What do you know of this Affair?
Winter. Sir, What I know of this Man is, the Prisoner brought some Cloth to make a Shirt.
Q. How much Cloth did he bring to you?
Winter. A Shirt ready cut out, how much I cannot say.
Q. How much Cloth did he bring to you? Was there only Cloth enough for one Shirt?
Winter. Yes.
Q. And did you make it into a Shirt?
Winter. I had begun it, but this other Gentleman carried it away, that which was produced in Court was brought to me.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Leigh.) That was your Cloth?
Leigh. Yes, my Lord, it was.


                  James 
                  Goodyer 
               



            . What do you know of this Affair?
Goodyer. All that I have to say, I went with my Master with a Search-Warrant, and found one Part of the Cloth at Mrs. Morris's, and the other at Mrs. Winter's. The Prisoner's Aunt said, that he had brought three or four Shirts, but carried them off again.
Q. Where did you find this Shirt?
Goodyer. We found it, my Lord, upon the Bed.
Q. Did you hear the Prisoner say how he came by this Cloth after he carry'd it to Mrs. Morris's and Mrs. Winter's? Do you know that to be your Master's Cloth?
Goodyer. Yes, I believe this is my Master's Cloth.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  William 
                  Williams 
               



            .) How long have you known the Prisoner at the Bar?
Williams. About five Years; he has a very honest Character, to the best of my Knowledge; he work'd under my Direction for two Years; is a very honest industrious Man; I never heard him charg'd with any thing.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Holt 
               



            .) How long have you known the Prisoner at the Bar?
Holt. Between four and five Years.
Q. Do you know what Business he has been in all that time?
Holt. I have known him to be in the Lead Business.
Q. How did he behave?
Holt. I never heard but he behav'd always well.
Q. What Wages had he in the Lead Business?
Holt. I paid him 10 s. a Week.
The Council for the Prisoner urg'd that it was no more than a Breach of Trust, as he was a Servant in the Shop.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


