





503. + 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Harwood 
                  



               
            , of St Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing 3 Thirty-six Shilling Pieces from the Person of 
                     
                        Paul 
                        Le Cour 
                     




, Sept. 17
.
Paul Le Cour. Between one and two in the Morning, I was coming out of Russel-street, by Drury Lane


, and stopp'd with a Man who sells Salop to drink a Dish; the Prisoner came up and ask'd me to treat her; I did give her a Dish, and after she had drank it, she said she wanted to speak with me; I was curious to know what she had to say, and went to the corner of the Street with her; then she ask'd me to go to 
               
                  Tom 
                  King 
               



            's , and drink a Glass of Wine, I refus'd, and while we were talking, she put her Hand into my Breeches Pocket and took out three   36 s. Pieces. I had felt them in my Pocket, not 5 Minutes before I lost them.
Prisoner. How is he sure that I took them?
Le Cour. I felt her, and took her Hand in my Pocket.
Prisoner. How came he not to prevent me, if he felt my Hand in his Pocket?
Le Cour. She was too quick for me. When I found that my Money was gone, I held her fast against the Wall, and a Fellow she call'd Husband, came up and insulted me. The Watch was called, and we went to the Watch-house; when we were there, she said she never saw me; but I am sure she is the very Woman. She was not searched, and I have not had my Money again. I am a Snuff-Box Maker, and live on Clerkenwell-Green.
Prisoner. Was it in the Street, or whereabout was it?
Le Cour. It was at the Corner of Russel-Street.
Prisoner. Was there any body in my Company?
Le Cour. No one else that I know: None robbed me but the Prisoner. The Salop Man was at the Corner when I was robbed.
Prisoner. How far from the Watch was it?
Le Cour. About a Yard an half.
Prisoner. Why did he not secure me when he felt my Hand?
Le Cour. A Man insulted me, and said she was his Wife; but I did call the Watch, and held her fast against the Wall.
Prisoner. Did you charge no other Woman with taking your Money?
Le Cour. No, none else; the Constable was present, and knows that I charged no body but the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Leaver 
               



            . I am a Watchman, and was standing at the Corner of Russel-Street, when this Man was drinking Salop with the Prisoner. They both turned the Corner of the Street, and had not-been there 2 Minutes, before the Man call'd Watch, and said he was robbed. She was carry'd to the Watch-house and stripped, but her Cloaths were not searched.
Prisoner. Did you see me speaking to any Man there?
Leaver. No, to none but the Prosecutor.


                  Thomas 
                  Stuckey 
               



            . I am a Watchman in St Martin's Parish , and standing at the Corner of Russel-Street, I saw this Man, and the Prisoner, drinking Salop. They turned the Corner together , and in a little Space of Time, the Man called Watch ; I ran to him, and he said, he would charge me with this Woman: I laid hold of her, and he had hold of her too. He said, she had robbed him of three 36 s. Pieces.
Prisoner. Master! Hearkee! On the Vertue of your Oath, did not you say, that he was keeping Company with another Woman?
Stuckey. No; I never said no such thing.
Prisoner . Will you swear that, on your Word?
Stuckey. Yes, I will.
Defence. He says he never charged any other Woman; I can prove that he did.
- Murphey the Salop-Man. The Prisoner and that Man came, and had each a Dish; they turned the Corner together, and presently the Man called Watch, and said he was robbed.
A Woman. I was coming down Russel-Street , and the Prosecutor laid hold of me, and desired me to drink with him; but I refusing, he struck me several Blows, and said, I had picked his Pocket of 3 Moidores; but a Mob coming, I made the best of my way off. I went into a House, where I staid some time, and coming to the Salop Place, I saw this Man pull hold of the Prisoner, and he said, he did not know which robbed him.


                  Mary 
                  Price 
               



            . I heard a Man charge her with 3 Moidores, I know no more.


                  Ann 
                  Broderick 
               



            . I had been to see for my Husband, who is a Chairman, and coming Home I met this Man in the Strand; he asked me to drink a Glass of Wine with him, I refused; he then asked me to drink a Dram with him, but I not being willing to go with him, he struck me with a Bit of Link which he had in his Hand, and pulled me about, and said at first, that I had robbed him of 3 Moidores, and afterwards he said it was 40 s. This was over-against Eagle-Court, where I was born, and some of the Neighbours coming down, knew me, and I got away.
Prosecutor. I was not in the Strand all that Day.


                  Mary 
                  Holsord 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner several Years; she kept a Chandler's Shop; I have dealt with her, and never heard any Harm of her in my Life .


                  Mary 
                  Bird 
               



            . She lodged in my House; her Husband is a Carpenter, and I never heard any Ill of her in my Life.


                  Susanna 
                  Player 
               



             . I have known her these two Years, and never knew any Thing by her, but what was honest and just.


                  William 
                  Gorard 
               



             . I have known the Gentlewoman above a Years, and never saw any Harm by her in my Life. 


               Guilty single Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


