





163. + 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Brown 
                  



               
            , of St. Dunstan's Stepney


, was indicted for 


               stealing six plain gold rings, value 30 s. an enamelled ring, value 6 s. one 36 s. piece of gold, one moidore, and twenty three guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Barber 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , January 25
.


                  Andrew 
                  Barber 
               



            . The Prisoner was my servant, and absconded from my house the 25th of January last; I wondered she did not return, but I had then no suspicion of being robbed. I went the 26th at night to a press to change a guinea, and missed the rings and the money which I saw the morning she absconded her service: the press did lock, but I found it open.
Q. Was it locked on the twenty fifth?
Barber. I know nothing to the contrary - I believe I locked it - I cannot swear I did.
Q. What was found upon her?
Barber. There were 6 l. 4 s. in gold and silver, and two plain gold rings found upon her at Westram in Kent.
Q. Were the two gold rings yours?
Barber. Yes.


                  Ann 
                  Wise 
               



            . The Prisoner came to my mother's house on a Friday night, and said she had got some money, and was to go to Westram in Kent, and desired to lay there all night: my mother let her lie there, she said she was to go out in the morning at four o'clock. The next morning my father and I went with her to the inn, for she said she was to go down in the coach. When we came to the Borough, she said it was too late for the coach, and was afraid she must walk it: when we came to the turnpike we went into an alehouse, had a pot of beer, and two peny worth of bread and cheese; there was a coach going by the door, and she desired me to ask the coachman where he was going; he said to Croydon; she agreed to go with him: when we came to the coach door, she desired I would go with her; I went with her: when she came there, she desired the coachman to enquire for somebody, but there was no such person to be found: we went to the Cross Keys and had tea for breakfast, and some beef-stakes for dinner; then she went to a shop keeper in the town, and bought several things, a gown, a petticoat, and some handkerchiefs; then we went to the Cross Keys again, and she told me there was no carriage to Westram till Monday, so I staid with her Sunday and part of Monday, then she paid for my coach hire, and sent me up to London.
Q. Did you know the Prisoner before?
Wise. No otherwise than as she used to come to our house for pots.
- Barber. I keep a publick house.


                  Philip 
                  Horsefield 
               



            . We were informed by 
               
                  Ann 
                  Wise 
               



             where the Prisoner was gone, and about one o'clock on Tuesday morning, January 29, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Barber, and I set out after her from Mr. Barber's, and found her at the George Inn at Westram standing in the drinking-room; I called her on one side, went into another room, and said, how could you use your master and mistress so as to rob them? with that she laid down these two gold rings before us, then she went out and told me she had not made any use of her master's money, but had left the money and rings at the Bell at Westram: Mr. Roberts and she went out together, and she made her escape from him.
Q. How do you know that?
Horsefield. Because I took her again in another house at Westram, and brought her back to the Bell, and she said the woman at the Bell had the money and rings, but I do not believe the woman knew any thing of them: said Mr. Roberts, did not you take a note or any thing of the woman? no, says she, I did not, for I knew the woman very well.
Q. What did the woman of the house say?
Horsefield. She said she never saw a farthing of the money, and that the Prisoner spent but three pence in the house.
Q. Do you know whether these are Mr. Barber's rings ?
Horsefield. I believe this is Mr. Barbers wife's wedding ring; Mr. Roberts could read writing, but I cannot.
Barber. These are my rings, 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .
Mr. Roberts not appearing to give evidence, the Court ordered his recognizance to be estreated.




[Transportation. See summary.]


