





212. 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Rane 
                  



               
             , of St Mary le Savoy


 was indicted for 


               stealing a Gun, val. 20 s.
             the Goods of our Sovereign Lord the King, March 6
.


                  Robert 
                  Mitchell 
               



            . This is the Gun: I found it in the Prisoner's Lodgings, at the Crooked Billet, in Plumbtree-street, St Giles's, with the King's Arms, and G. R. all filed out. It belonged to Colonel 
               
                  Hougham
               


            's Company in which we are Soldiers
, and 'twas lost last Monday was 3 Weeks. When the Prisoner was carried before Colonel De Veil , he owned he took it out of the Passage by the Savoy, where this Man (the next Witness) had left it, and carried it into a Stable belonging to Captain Howard. It was only reared up against the Wall, in the Passage, while the Man (to whose Custody it was committed) went into the Savoy to see a Friend, and when he came back the Gun was gone. The Prisoner did not pretend to say he thought it was lost, or that he found it, but said he took it out of the Passage, and was to have sold it to a Man in the Country for 15 s. but the Man would not have it, unless he would file all the Marks out of it.


                  John 
                  Champion 
               



             . This Firelock was committed to my Care, by the Officers of our Regiment: and wanting to speak with a Friend in the Savoy I left it in the Passage, and stepped in, for about a Quarter of an Hour. I reared it up against the Wall, when I went in, but when I came out, it was gone. I did not stay above half an Hour in all. This is the Firelock I lost; the Marks are all filed out of it, but there is one in the Ramrod still, and I can swear it is the same. After we had given out Bills, and offered a Crown reward to any one, who would help me to it again, we found it in the Prisoner's Lodgings, while he was abroad; so I had no Discourse with him about it, nor heard him say any thing concerning it, until we came before Colonel De Veil, and there he said he had found it in the Passage by the Savoy. The Justice asked him why he filed the Marks out? He told him he was to have sold it to a Man in the Country, and the Man would not buy it, unless the Marks were taken out. I reared it up in the Passage, while I went in, because no Soldier is allowed to carry Arms with him into the Savoy.
Prisoner. When did you lose this Firelock?
Champion. The 6th of March last.
Prisoner. It was after the 11th of March when I found it: and as I was going into the Country, I enquired among the Barracks if any of the Soldiers had lost a Firelock; but I did not care to have it cried, for fear it should have been owned by somebody it did not belong to. As to the Marks, I know nothing of their being filed out. My Wife was ill, and I got a Woman to look after her; and this Woman's Husband (who is a Soldier) coming to my Room to see her, he looked at the Firelock, and went to these Men and told them where it was, and so he got the reward for discovering it. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


