





112. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ricketts 
                  



               
             , of St. George's Bloomsbury


, was indicted for 


               stealing a dimitty gown value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Stiles 
                  




                
            , January 1st
.


                  Edward 
                  Stiles 
               



            . On the 1st of Jan. I lost a gown off a line out of a room up one pair of stairs, about 7 o'clock in the evening.


                  Daniel 
                  Macklecan 
               



            . I was at supper at Mr. Stiles's , and some of the company would persuade me there was a noise in the next room; I listened, and presently I heard somebody there, but I would not say so because I would not frighten them. I saw the Prisoner going down stairs, and when he was upon the landing place I threw the candle and candlestick at him, and then I threw a brush after him. I had like to have tumbled over him; there was another fellow with him or I should have taken him sooner, but I was afraid of being knocked o' the head.
Prisoner. Is it likely such a boy as I should make such a Man as he is afraid - [The Prisoner was a small lad about 15.]


                  John 
                  Harrison 
               



            . Between 6 and 7 in the evening, I was in the parlour in Mr. Matthews's house over-against Mr. Stiles's, I saw something white lie at the door and took it up, this is the same gown, it was neither dry nor wet.
Prisoner. I had been to see my friends at Kensington , and as I was coming along I heard a great noise, and at last a cry of stop thief, and they crying out stop thief, I cried out stop thief, but I know nothing of what they say. 

               Guilty
            .
Prisoner. I was transported out of this place the 14th of April last.




[Transportation. See summary.]


