





50. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven linen shirts, eleven linen shifts, eleven aprons, two linen table-cloths, one dozen linen towels, two dimity waistcoats, three handkerchiefs, four stocks, a linen cap, a linen hood, a cambrick ruffle and a twiggin basket, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mangar 
                        



                      
                   , and three shirts, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Low 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling house
             of 
               
                  John 
                  Mangar 
               



             ; Sept. 19
.


                  John 
                  Mangar 
               



            . I live in Maiden-lane, Covent-Garden. On the 19th of Sept. about half an hour after eight at night, I had left off work, and was informed, that my clothes were stolen. I ran into the street, and saw them set down in the street, about two doors beyond my house. My apprentice pursued the prisoner till he was taken.


                  Thomas 
                  Low 
               



             . When I went down stairs from work, I heard a noise in the parlour. I turned into the shop to shut it up, and just as I opened the shop door, I saw the prisoner go out with the basket on his knee. I ran after him, and asked him what business he had with the basket? He made me no answer, but walked a door or two farther. I then took hold of the basket, and asked him again, and a fellow that stood over against him said, You are not right . Upon this the prisoner set down the basket, and he and the other man walked very leisurely till they came to Southampton-street . Then they ran into the Strand, and some people coming to my assistance, the prisoner was taken in a street just by Exeter-Change. I am sure he is the man, for he was not out of my sight 'till he was taken.
Prisoner. Please to ask him, if he saw me in the house, why he did not have me taken sooner?
Low. Because he was just at the street door when I opened it.
Prisoner. Did not he say I must be the person because I had a white coat on?
Low. No, I said no such thing, because all the way I went I looked in his face.


                  Edward 
                  Hide 
               



            . On Saturday the 19th of Sept. between 8 and 9 at night, this woman and I were sitting at the Horse and Groom door, in Maiden-lane, and the prisoner came by with a basket of linen in his hand. Low followed him pretty close, and he set the basket down, and walked on very leisurely. Low cried, Stop thief! and as soon as he came to the end of Southampton-street , he set up his heels and ran.
Melicent James. We were sitting at the Horse and Groom door , and heard the boy cry stop-thief! The prisoner set the basket down and ran away. I pursued him, and got hold of the lappet of his coat, but he hit my hand a blow, and got away from me.


                  Charles 
                  Class 
               



            . I was going up Burleigh-street , and met the prisoner. I clapp'd my hand upon him, and stopp'd him. He had on a light-colour'd coat and a woollen apron, like a tradesman. When I had secured him, Low came up, and we carried him to Justice Frazier , and the boy (Low) was very positive to him.


                  William 
                  Reddish 
               



             . I live pretty near where the prisoner was taken , and being a constable, I was called to their assistance . I went up into Southampton-street , and found the prisoner in custody of the last witness. We carried him to Justice Frazier's, an d being apprehensive of a rescue, we desired a guard, but it was refused. We got him down to White-hall , and assistance came; but a body of people fallied out upon us, and rescued the prisoner. He was retaken by a serjeant, and I have a nephew whose skull was broke in the rescue, and I believe he will never get over it.
Prisoner . I was coming that way, and saw the basket of clothes, and the boy took hold of me, and let me go again. He bid me cry stop thief, and I ran with the rest of the people. I saw them lay hold of several people, and at last they laid hold of me, and said I must be the man, because I had a white coat on. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


