






9. 10. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Page 
                  



                
             of St. Mildred in the Poultrey



 , was indicted for 


               stealing two silk brocaded gowns, a green silk tabby gown, a white dimity gown, a long velvet scarf, a scarlet cloth cloak, two linen laced caps, a linen laced handkerchief, three silk handkerchiefs , a lawn apron, a child's silk cloak, a silk short apron, a pair of white cotton stockings, a pair of worsted stockings, and two guineas, the goods of 
                     
                        Rice 
                        Price 
                     



                   , in his dwelling-house
            ; Sept. 1

. And 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Farrow 
                   alias Jackson



             , 


               for receiving part of the said goods, knowing them to be stolen
            , Sept. 3

.
Rice Price. The prisoner Page was my servant
. On the 1st of Sept. last I was robbed of the goods mentioned in the indictment. I had reason to suspect the prisoner, and went to enquire after her, and the first person I met was her sister. She took me to Spittle-Fields-Market , to see for the prisoner Farrow , who she said had harboured her sister a great while. I got a warrant that evening for Page and Farrow , and the next day I heard where Farrow had pawned one of the gowns, and I went to the pawnbroker's and found it accordingly. After this I got intelligence, that the two prisoners and another had taken coach to Tower-Hill, but we could not hear any thing of them there; however about 12 o'clock at night I apprehended Farrow, and she found out Page , who owned the fact, and delivered up two gowns and a short cloak, which she said were all that she had in her possession , but if I would be favourable to her, she would tell where the rest of the things were, and accordingly she herself went to a pawn-broker's at Westminster and demanded a brocaded gown and a long scarf, which were mine, and part of what I lost at this time.
Prisoner Page. Ask my master if he did not deliver these things to me?
Mr. Price. No, I never did. They were all under lock and key, and my wife always had the key in her possession.
Prisoner Page. Did not you recommend me to your wife?
Mr. Page. No, upon my oath, I never did; I never knew any thing of her before she came to be hired.
Jury. Was the lock of the place broke, in which these things were?
Mr. Price. No, but two or three days after this creature came, my wife happened to lose the key.
Prisoner Farrow. The Prisoner desired me to pawn a gown for her, and she told me Mr. Price had given it to her.


                  Matthew
                   Peter Sollom
               



             . I was charged with the Prisoner, ( Page I think her name is ) before my lord mayor to convey her to Newgate , and I went with her to that gentlewoman's house in Duke Street Westminster and she discovered a gown and a scarf that she had pawned there for 3 l. 10 s. and she said she took them from her master. I saw her the next day in Newgate, and heard her say she had no way to get off but by insinuating that the clothes were given her by her master for favours which (she would say) he had received from her, although, as she own'd, without the least foundation.


                  Ann 
                  Skelton 
               



             . The prisoner Page came to my house with a water-boy. She said she had a brother that was trepann'd , and that she must pawn some things for money to get him off. I lent her 3 l. 12 s. on these things; and she had other bundles with her but I did not look at them. She told me she lived with one lady Richards over the water.
Page . I desire my mistress may be asked from whom she had the character of me?
Mrs. Price, I happened to be very much out of order when she came to be hired, and I told her I could not go out for her character that day. She told me she lived at a surgeon's at Lime-house Bridge , and so I fix'd 3 or 4 days afterwards to go there; but she came to me again and told me her mistress was going out of town that very day, and that if I would accept of it, she would write me a recommendatory letter: that letter was afterwards brought me by a man and I appointed her to come.
Prison. Page . My master knew the man that brought that letter.
Sollom . Page told me herself that Mr. Price was as honest a man as ever was born, and she had no way to get off but by darkening his character.
- Fellows. On the 3d of September the prisoner Farrow pawned a flower'd gown with me: I asked her how she came by it, and she said it was a gentlewoman's who was in trouble and who could not come herself with it. This is the gown.
Mrs. Price. This is mine, and it was lost at the same time with the other things. I lost the key of the chest of drawers in which these things were, while the prisoner was with me, but having another key which opened the drawers as well, I did not mind the loss of the other.
Farrow. Page brought the gown to me, and told me her master had given it to her; so I pawned it at Mr. Fellows's; but I have no witnesses to that but herself.


                  Hannah 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known Page about the market several years; and as for thieving or doing any such things, I never heard any such thing of her.


                  Sarah 
                  Page 
               



            . I am her sister-in-law, and never knew that she ever robbed any body.


                  Rebecca 
                  Winterbottom 
               



             . I come to speak what I know of that woman, Page; she lived a servant in the hospital two years, but left it on account of the offensive smells; and we never heard nothing ill of her. Page 

               guilty
            , 


               Death
            : Farrow 

               guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


