






424. 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Stuart , alias 
Yorkshire Hannah




               
             , of Pancras


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Watch, val. 5 l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Simmons 
                  



                
            , Aug. 18

. And
425. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shilcock 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to be stole
            , Aug. 18

.
Simmons. On the 18th of August last, a Fellow-Workman and I went to Tottenham-Court-Fair



, and he there meeting with Company, I was not willing to interrupt him; so I left him, and walked by a Booth, which was kept by one Cummins . The Prisoner Stuart was in the Booth, and asked me to come in and drink; telling me there was as good Liquor, as any in the Fair. So I went in, and called for a Pint of Beer, but they brought a Decanter of Cyder, which came to 5 d. and I had but a Groat in my Pocket; However, the Drawer said he would trust me t'other Penny. She drank the first Glass, and while I was drinking another, she took the Watch out of my Pocket, and I felt it go + ; at the same Time. As soon as she had got it, she ran out of the Booth, at the Back-door. I pursu'd her to the Door, but found it fast, and was going to break it open, but the Drawer came to me, and asked me what I meant by making a Riot in the Booth, and who I brought in, to make the Riot? I was afraid of going out, for Fear of being murder'd; so there being a Bed in that Part of the Booth, I lay down, and nobody came near me for some Time. At last she came to me again, and said, My Dear, what makes you so melancholy? I hope you'll give me something to drink. And I, with that vulgar Word, call'd her Bitch of Hell, and said, she was the Woman that robb'd me. She told me I was drunk; when I was as sober as I am now. I took hold of her Arm, and said, I would take Care of her, and told the People in the Booth, that she had robb'd me; but they only laughed at me, and made Game of me. There were a dozen People (in all) in the Booth, and I complained to them; but the Drawer got between me and the Door, and rioted me. At last some Men coming by, I told them I was robb'd, so they assisted me, and she was seized, and carry'd that Evening to Holborn Round-house , and the next Morning before a Justice, where she deny'd the Fact, and said, she never saw me, nor knew any Thing of me.
+ The Prisoner had been indicted capitally for privately Stealing, but the Fact appearing otherwise they were then acquitted, and this Indictment for Larceny directed.


                  George 
                  Hunt 
               



             . On the 18th of August, between 9 and 10 at Night, I was coming through the Fair with two of my Friends, and I saw Simmons have hold of the Prisoner, on the Outside of the Booth, crying out, Help me, I am robb'd. I asked him what he was robb'd of? He said he was robb'd of his Watch by the Prisoner, Yorkshire Hannah , and if you'll help me, I will pay you for your Trouble. Upon this we took her into the Booth, and kept her in Custody while we sent for an Officer. When we had sat about a Quarter of an Hour, Lawrence , the next Witness, said, she had given something to Shilcock. Shilcock ran through the Booth into the Back-place, where the Bed was; I ran after him, and saw him toss something out of his Hand toward the Bed. I suspected it was the Watch, and desired to speak to the Man who belonged to the Booth; but another Man came up to me, and endeavoured to pull me out of the Place. I told them, if they opposed me, I would send them all to Newgate; so at last the Master and Mistress came, and they deny'd that they knew the Woman. I bid them get me a Candle, and as soon as it came I searched, and found the Watch at the Feet of the Bed, and put it into my Pocket; but I would not let Simmons see it, till he told all the Marks of it before the Constable. As we were all coming out of the Booth we saw Shilcock , and seized him, (but I really believe he was so drunk, he did not know what he did) then we got a Light to go with us to London. Shilcock was the Fidler of the Booth; I believe he was so drunk, he did not know (what) one Hand (did) from the other, and I believe he would not have done such a Thing, if he had been sober. The Prosecutor described the Watch in a very exact Manner, before I shewed it him, and then he owned it.


                  Thomas 
                  Lawrence 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Swain 
               



             confirmed the former Evidence. Lawrence saw Shilcock come behind the Prisoner Stuart, as she sat between Him and Swain , and observed her put her Hand behind her, and give something to Shilcock , which he ran away with into the Back-Room.
Defence. Stuart. He came into the Booth, and was very rude with me, and then he lay down, and dosed on the Bed, and whether he dropped it there himself, I don't know.


                  Mary 
                  Bowers 
               



             . Shilcock was my Master's Fidler; he gave him Half-a-Crown a-Day to play there; and I was also a Servant in the Booth. The Prosecutor came in with the Woman, and call'd for a Pint of Cyder, but he had not Money enough to pay for it. Presently he came out, and said he had lost his Watch: the Woman asked him if she took it? He said, no; and so she went away. But when she came again, he went to the Door, and said she was the Person: and several Men coming up, they insisted on keeping her till the Man got his Watch again. The Fidler was eating his Supper at the same Time: I brought him the Bread and Cheese, and drew him a Pint of Beer. The Fidler was not near them at that Time.
Shilcock. Ask the Prosecutor if he saw me near him?
Simmons . No, not near me: the Woman was sitting between the two Men; and there were 3 or 4 People about us. I stood on the Off-side.
Swain. I was looking so earnestly at Hunt , that I cannot say I observed her to put her Hand behind her: but Lawrence saw her, and told Hunt ?


                  Priscilla 
                  Ellis 
               



             had known Shilcock upwards of two Years; 
               
                  William 
                  Purcel 
               



             , 3 or 4 Years; they said he had behaved honestly, and that for want of a Trade he play'd the Fiddle
 for his Livelihood.


                  Mary 
                  Morson 
               



            * . A Minute before the Skirmish happened, Shilcock came to my Stand, in the next Booth, and asked me if I had any Victuals? I was just going to boil a Breast of Mutton and Turneps, and before the Pot boiled this Thing happened. I believe he had no Hand in it, for I have known him 10 Years, and he might have wrong'd a Woman that keeps a Publick-House, but he never did; and he always laboured for his Family.
* This Woman appeared for the Prisoner, in the foregoing Trial, by the Name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Kelly 
               



            .


                  Hester 
                  Rhimer 
               



            . About a Year ago the Prisoner (Shilcock) liv'd in my House in Ship-Yard, and I trusted him over all my Money and Business. He never wronged me of a Halfpenny in his Life, but behaved honestly. He fiddles about for his Bread. 
               
                  Stuart
               




               Guilty
            . Shilcock 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


