





223. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Filgon , otherwise 
Filgo




               
            , of Stepney


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Tin watering-pot, val. 2 s. a wire Sieve, val. 2 s. and a Birdcage, val. 3 s. and 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Russel 
                        



                      
                   , and a Tin watering-pot, val. 1 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Parrimony 
                  



                
             , March 3
.
Rich. Russel . On the third of March last, I lost a Tin watering-pot, a wire Sieve, and a Bird-cage, out of my Garden, in Castle-street, behind Shoreditch-Church


, in the Way to Hackney. The Garden is walled round, with a Brick-wall nine Foot high, yet we lost Things from thence. Upon missing the Things mentioned in the Indictment, we had them cry'd in eight different Places, and offered a Guinea Reward for them. At last a Gardiner at Bethual-Green gave us some Intelgence of the Things, and we apprehended the Prisoner about a Week after the Robbery; and he acknowledged he stole them all out of the Gardens at several Times. He owned he stole the Watering-pot, the Sieve, and Birdcage, out of my Garden, and had sold them to a Birdcage-maker in Whitechaple ; and according to his Directions I found them there, with a Search-Warrant. I heard him make this Confession the Night he was taken, and also the next Morning before Justice Chandler , at Hoxton ; but he would not sign his Confession.
Prisoner. I never was before a Justice before; and I told them of all the Things, and where they were, because they said they would clear me, if I would confess.
Russell. We have had the Grounds continually robbed, these three Years last past, and have lost Things of 20 Times more Value than these.


                  Peter 
                  Parrimony 
               



             . I lost my Watering-pot out of my House, on the third of March, or thereabouts; and hearing that the Prisoner was taken up, and that he had confess'd his stealing it, I went to him, and he was asked where he had disposed of it? He told us: and according to his Direction, I found it with a Search-warrant, at one Mr Elgar's, and carried it before Justice Chandler , where the Prisoner owned he stole it.


                  Robert 
                  Ratclisse 
               



             . I bought this Watering-pot, this Sieve, and this Birdcage, of the Prisoner.
Elgar. I bought this Watering-pot, which Peter Parrimony has owned, of the Prisoner at the Bar.


                  Richard 
                  Russell 
               



             . and Peter Parrimony swore to their respective Goods.
Prisoner. I never did such a Thing before: and they told me, they would do me no Hurt, and that was the Reason of my confessing it. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


