





1. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Skylight 
                  



               
            *, of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of Gold Ear-Rings set with Diamonds, Value 30 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Segalas 
                  




                
            , November 15
.
* She said her right Name is Scarlett, and was 72 Years of Age.


                  John 
                  Segalas 
               



            . I am a Gunsmith
 in Green-street by Leicester Fields


, the Prisoner came one Day to my House under Pretence of telling my Wife's Fortune, (she had been there before, and my Wife had ordered her to come again) she told my Wife she had good Fortune, or something very lucky in her Face, that her Planet was at hand (I cannot remember the Words) and that there was a great Treasure left in the House by a deceased Person, and the Soul of that Person could not be at Rest till my Wife had it; I think she said it was 160 or 260 Guineas besides a large Quantity of Silver (I was at work in a little Closet and over-heard them, and went out to see what they were upon) she asked my Wife if she could lend her 20 s. unknown to me; my Wife said she had not 20 s. about her; says she, have you got any Thing of the Value of 20 s? My Wife said she had her Diamond Ear-Rings; the Prisoner asked her if they were worth 20 s. she said they were worth a great deal more: My Wife gave the Ear-Rings into her Hand; the Prisoner asked her if she had got any Salt; my Wife gave her some, and the Prisoner wrapped the Ear-Rings up in a piece of Paper with the Salt; the Prisoner at the Bar said I must not be there, for if I staid it would spoil the Thing, for it was my Wife's good Fortune and not mine; for by Virtue of this the Stones were to rise in the Cellar, and the Treasure would appear; so I went into the Shop, and left them by themselves: My Wife came into the Shop, and told me she believed the Prisoner had a mind to steal her Ear-Rings. The Prisoner told me, my Wife was troubled with an evil Sprit, and had no Faith; and that she thought there was something more than ordinary the Matter with her; and she told my Wife, that she seemed mistrustful, and that because she was mistrustful the Planet would be spoiled. I saw her slip the Ear-Rings away, and I thought that she had changed the Packet ; upon that, I immediately seized hold of the Prisoner's Hand; and in the Paper instead of my Wife's Ear-Rings there was a pair of brass Buttons; and in the struggling one of the Ear-Rings dropped down, and the other I found between her Finger and Thumb. She put the Ear-Rings up in the Salt: they were not tied up, they were only wrapped up in a little bit of Paper.
Prisoner. You say a false Thing, it is not so.


                  Winifred 
                  Segalas 
               



            . The first Time the Prisoner came I was at the Door, and there was a Quarrel in the Street facing our House; the Prisoner said to me, what Quarrel is that, Madam? said I, I cannot tell, I know nothing of it: She asked me if I had any old Clothes to sell; I told her no. Says she, you have a lucky Planet in your Face, I will tell you your Fortune: I said come in; she asked for some Coffee, but I had none; so she said she had a Law Suit depending, and she must make an end of it; that she could not stay then, but would come another Day; and when she came she made me say, In the Name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, that I would do all that she proposed to me. She asked me if I had any Paper that was never wrote on; I told her I had; I fetched her a Sheet, and she divided it into three Parts. She asked me for some Salt; I fetched some Salt, and she said by the Virtue of that Salt the Mould was to rise in the Cellar, and the Money was to come up. I cannot tell the Sum of Guineas she mentioned to my Husband, besides broad Pieces, and Silver; then she asked me if I had got the 20s. that I told her I would get against that Day. She made me make that Bargain with her before, but I did not intend to give her the 20 s. She asked me if I had the Value of 20 s. about me; I told her I had a good deal more; that I had a pair of Diamond Ear-Rings; she asked me how much they were worth; I told her they cost me 3 Guineas; then she said, In the Name of the Almighty God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, put them into this Paper, and then she said, God Almighty prosper what we are a going upon: Then she asked if I could say the Lord's Prayer, and said I must fall down on my Knees and say the Lord's Prayer three Times over, and by Virtue of this the Mould in the Cellar was to rise, and I should find the Treasure. I stepped out and told my Husband, that I had a Fancy the Woman wanted to steal my Ear-Rings, so he bored a Hole through the Door to watch her, and if he found I could not deal with her, he was to help me: She had the Ear-Rings in a Paper, I looked at her and saw her slip them away, and I thought changed the Parcel: They were to be tied up in this Handkerchief, and I was to swear that I would not open the Handkerchief before she came again; my Husband seized hold of her Hand, gave me a Paper, and said to me, look what you have got there, and in the Paper there was a pair of brass Buttons; when my Husband seized hold of her Hand, he said my Wife's Diamond Ear-Rings are here; she denied it, spoke a great many scandalous Things, and swore and cursed very much; but in the Skirmish one of the Ear-Rings fell down and broke in two, and the other he took in her Hand.
The Prisoner owned she had been there three Times, denied that she knew any thing of the Ear-Rings, that he must force the Ear-Rings upon her, in order to charge her with the Robbery. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


