






270. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Howard 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a holland shirt, value 9 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Westwood 
                        



                      
                  , a shirt, value 8 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Edwards 
                        



                      
                  , a shirt, value 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hutton 
                        



                      
                  , a shirt, value 3 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hart 
                        



                      
                  , and  a handkerchief, value 2 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Wilson 
                  



                
            , April 20

.


                  Mary 
                  Milney 
               



            . - I do know the Prisoner; that is her; she knows me; I lost these goods the 20th of April, out of my garden in Prince's Square, off the line, as they were drying. I had taken these things in to wash. She said, she was drunk, and that she stole the linen.


                  Jane 
                  Wilson 
               



            . There is a Gentleman who lives just by saw the Prisoner take two shirts off the line; and seeing her go through his house, he came out of his house, and called to know if we had sent any body to take the linen down. The Prisoner fell down on her face, with the things in her apron; I turned her over, and took the things from her.


                  Rachael 
                  Benn 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner taking the linen off the line, and thought it was somebody Mrs. Milney had employed to take them down. I said to her before the Justice, are not you a vile hussy to take these things? You will bring yourself into trouble; and she said, indeed, Madam, I had not taken them if I had not been drunk. 

               Guilty
            .
There was another indictment against her for 


               stealing a short cloak
            , the property of 
               




            , but she was not tried upon that.




[Transportation. See summary.]


