





128. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Foster 
                  



               
            , of St. Botolph Aldgate


, was indicted for 


               stealing 24 yards of woollen stuff, commonly called Joan's spinning, value 26 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Petty 
                  Matthews 
               




             , Dec. 19
.
Petty Matthews. The 19th of December, between 7 and 8 in the morning, I lost 24 yards of stuff; my lad was opening the shop, and carrying the things into the back warehouse, he called to me, and when I came down stairs, I saw the Prisoner at parly with him; she had then dropped the piece of goods at the door in the street.
Q. How do you know she dropped it?
Matthews. I saw her drop it; then I pulled her into the shop; she asked my pardon and said, it was the first fact that ever she did.


                  William 
                  Ubly 
               



            . I was putting some things backward, and heard a rumbling in the shop; I turned about, saw the Prisoner in the shop, and saw her take this piece of goods off the counter.
Q. Do you know any thing of her being brought back into the shop, or saying any thing to your master afterwards?
Ubly. She was brought into the shop, but I don't know what she said to my master.


                  Richard 
                  King 
               



            . I heard my master call out thieves, I went down stairs, part of this piece of stuff was unrolled, part of it was in the shop, and part out of the shop.
Q. Which part was out of the shop?
King. That part which was unrolled; then I took hold of the Prisoner, and heard her say, she hoped my master would forgive her, for it was the first fact that ever she did, she said it two or three times at Guildhall afterwards.
Prisoner. I know no more of it than the child unborn. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


