





41. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Burle 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a great Quantity of Linnen and Wearing Apparel
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mead 
                  




                
            .


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  William 
                  Mead 
               



            .) What Goods did you at any Time lose?
Mead. I missed the Things mention'd in the Indictment.
Q. When did you miss them? Was this Woman conversant at all in the House where the Goods were?
Mead. No, my Lord, she lived a Servant
 with a Woman next Door.
Q. What reason have you to suspect the Prisoner?
Mead. We serv'd the Gentlewoman next Door with Beer; we keep a Publick House
. Some odd Things were left behind by the Prisoner's Mistress, who was then moved to another House; and while we were at Dinner, the Prisoner brought in a Steak, which we dress'd for her; she drank a Pennyworth of Beer, and then took her Leave of us. Soon after missing the Box with the Linnen and Apparel, we had a Suspicion of the Prisoner. I found out her Mistress's House, and knocking at the Door, the Prisoner came out; I challeng'd her with the Box; she said, she knew nothing of it. I asked her Mistress; she said, she hoped she had not been guilty of such a Thing; upon searching, we found the Box broke open in the Cellar, with the Things in it as they are now.
Q. When you found the Box, what did you do?
Mead. Why, I took it to the Publick House, where I had got the Maid to come before, and her Mistress went with me.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Mrs. Mead.) When did you miss your Box?
Mrs. Mead. My Box was in the Room at Three o'Clock, I open'd it and lock'd it again. This Woman (the Prisoner) was the only Person in the House, tho' I did not see her take it.
Q. How soon did you miss your Box?
Mrs. Mead. I saw it about Three, and missed it about Five.
Q. Did you see the Prisoner at her Mistress's, after the Box was found?
Mrs. Mead. I did not, my Lord, but my Husband did. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


