





246. 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Piece of Linnen Cloth
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cumbridge 
                  




                
            , the 2d of July
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cumbridge 
               



             .) Did your Husband lose any Linnen Cloth at any Time?
Cumbridge . Yes, my Lord.
Q. When?
Cumbridge . Yesterday in the Afternoon.
Court . Will you give an Account of what you lost, and the Manner of it?

Cumbridge . I was in a Back Parlour even with the Shop, and there came a Woman into the Shop; there were some Ladies with me; one of them said, Mrs. Cumbridge , there is a Woman in your Shop: I went into the Shop and shew'd her something, but saw she had a Bundle in her Lap; she wanted some printed Linnen; I ask'd her what she had in her Lap; she said, what is that to you, 'tis none of your's : I said it was Cloth, and I was determin'd to look at it.
Q. Was no body in the Shop?
Cumbridge . No, my Lord, I took the Piece of Cloth out of her Apron, whic h Cloth was twenty-two Yards; I look'd at it immediately , and knew it to be mine, because that very Morning I mark'd twenty of them with my own Hand.
Q. How came she so easily by it?
Cumbridge. There lay a Quantity of them upon the Counter , which I had mark'd that very Morning .
Q. Was all of them bundled up in that Manner?
Cumbridge. Yes.
Q. What did she say to it?
Cumbridge . I shew'd her the rest with the same Mark .
Q. What did she say.
Cumbridge . She prmended the Child she had, about five Years old, pick'd it off the Ground.
Court. Why, 'tis as big as the Child almost.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Have you any Witnesses's?
Prisoner. The Gentlewoman run me to a Gaol last Night, and would not give me Time to send for any .
Q. Where do you live?
Prisoner. In Cowcross .



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


