





207. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Crab 
                  



               
            , of St Sepulchre, London


, was indicted for 


               stealing one Silver Spoon, val. 8 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fell 
                  




the Younger
, April 6
.
Honor Dilk. I missed a Silver Spoon belonging to Mr Fell, out of the Kitchen, at his House in Wapping


, on a Saturday the Beginning of March. I knew no Body could have it but the Prisoner. He had been in the Kitchen some Day that Week. - He was employed to do some Gardening Work
.


                  John 
                  Gerrard 
               



            . About a Fortnight ago, I was at the Antelope, a Publick-House in Hosier-Lane; the Prisoner came in, and pulled out this Spoon. - I believe this to be the Spoon by the Catherine-Wheel. He said he had good Luck, that he found it by Hyde-Park-Corner, and wanted to sell it. I agreed to buy it of him; I did not know where to weigh it, so I went to a Founder's on Snow-Hill, a Mistress of mine, who I knew had Weights to weigh Silver; it was weighed there, and I gave him 10s. 6d. for it. It happened some Time afterwards that I wanted some Money, and I carried it to Mr Price, to borrow something upon it; and he said this Spoon is stole. I told him I bought it publickly; he asked me who I bought it of, I told him of a Man who came sometimes to Mr Fairweather's in Hosier-Lane. I went to Mr Fairweather to enquire his Name, and I acquainted Mr Price, that his Name was 
               
                  James 
                  Crab 
               



            .


                  John 
                  Swithin 
               



            . I weighed this Spoon, and it weighed two Ounces and a two-penny Weight.
Q. Did the Prisoner claim a Property in the Spoon?
Swithin. Yes, he did, and I saw Gerrard buy it.


                  Thomas 
                  Fairweather 
               



            . About a Week before he sold the Spoon to Mr Gerrard, he pulled a Spoon out of his Pocket, and said he found it at Hyde-Park-Corner. - I verily believe this to be the Spoon.
Mr Price. On Wednesday the sixth of this Instant, Mr Gerrard brought this Spoon to me; I asked whose Spoon it was; he said it was his own; said I, here is a Crest upon it; Have you a Crest to your Family? I looked back to the Advertisements, and found an Advertisement of the 30th of March, of a Spoon being lost, with the Crest, a Catherine-Wheel and Cross. Said I, This Spoon is stole, but I would not give you any Trouble, as I believe you to be very honest, and have lived so long in the Parish. The Person to be applied to was one Mr Langton in Lombard-Street; when I carried him the Spoon, he laid me down 10 s. Sir, said I. Do you think I do this for the sake of the Reward? I will not deliver it till I see whether I can find out the Thief. Mr Fell came to me that Afternoon, and said he believed he had got Intelligence of the Man, and on Saturday Morning last he took him.
Prisoner. One Day coming up through Wapping, I happened to meet with two young Men, one of them is a Blacksmith, they made believe as if they had taken up a Spoon, I insisted upon seeing it, and as they said they had found it, I insisted upon having my Share, and they agreed to take their Part in Money, and I gave them their Money for it, and so took the Spoon myself; I did not say I found it at Hide-Park-Corner; I have had this Spoon 3 Weeks, and have shewn it several Times in that House; some bid me advertise it, and others made a Joke of it, and said, it was not worth while to advertise it, so this Man said he would buy it, and he gave me ten Shillings and Six-pence for it; I sent to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Eyles 
               



             but he could not tell whether he could be here To-day or To-morrow; he sent his Butler to me on Tuesday Night to enquire what was the Occasion of my being here. - I was his Gardener.
Q. Where are those Persons who saw you pick the Spoon up?
Prisoner. I do not know where to find them, they were Passengers in the Street: I was to have had some Things sent from Dorchester, and that was the Reason of my going up to Hide-Park-Corner.
It being intimated that he had lived in the Family, and therefore might know the Crest, which he said he did not, Honor Dilk was therefore called again.
Honor Dilk. The Prisoner lived 20 Months together in the Family, and it is a hard Case if he should not know the Coat of Arms.
Prisoner. The Spoons were only marked J. F. when I lived there.
Q. How long has he used the Crest?
Dilk. Ever since he set up his Coach, which is 14 Years.
Q. to the Prisoner. How long is it since you lived in the Family?
Prisoner. It is 5 Years since I lived with Mr Fell, and if he had not known me to have been an honest Servant he would not have sent for me to work for him.


                  William 
                  Oxley 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner 6 or 7 Years; he has lived in very good Families; I never heard any Ill of him in my Life.


                  Thomas 
                  Hallwood 
               



            . I have lived with him at Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Eyles 
               



            's, above a Year, and never heard any Harm of him, he behaved as well as ever I knew any Man in my Life - he was Gardener there about six Months ago.


                  Adam 
                  Little 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner a good many Years, and in every Place that he lived I never knew but he bore a good Character.


                  Catherine 
                  Gardiner 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner these 15 Years: I knew him in Scotland, where he lived in several Gentlemen's Families; he has lodg'd in my House where there has been six Silver Tankards, and other Things of Value, he never wronged me of a Farthing, and I never heard that ever he wronged any Body. 


               Guilty 10d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


