






255, 256. + 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Harding 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Rachel 
                     Bowling 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               privately stealing 4s. 6 d. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Pepper 
                        




, May 14
.
John Pepper. Those two Prisoners robbed me of 4 s. 6 d. and some Half pence, last Tuesday was se'nnight in the Morning, - Wednesday Morning I think it was, between 2 and 3, or 3 and 4 o' Clock in the Morning. I was with them in Half-Moon-Alley


, in Bishopgate-Street


, and they there picked my Pocket, and tore my Pocket out, and afterwards hurl'd it at me again. I was sensible of what they were doing; I felt them, and strove to save my Pocket, as much as I could, for it was done with Force. When they had got my Money, and had tore off my Pocket, they flung that to me again, - here it is to shew. - Then they ran away, and I ran after them, and call'd the Watch, - here's my Pocket. I had been out with my Cart to do some Business, in Gravel Lane, in Petticoat Lane, and when I had unloaded the Cart, I sent it home by another Man, and staid drinking in Gravel Lane, 'till towards Morning; then I set out in Order to go home, and as I came through Hand Alley into Bishopsgate-Street, I saw a Man before me, and two Women a little before the Man. The Man asked me, Where I was going? I told him, I was going home to the Three Cranes: But he desiring me to go with him and drink a Pint of Beer, I went with him; and while we were drinking the Beer, in came the 2 Prisoners, and called my Companion their Brother. When the Reckoning came to be paid, he had got no Money, but yet he called for another Pint of Beer, and I paid for all. Then they carried me into Half-moon-alley, and robbed me. I had no Familiarity with them at all.
Prisoners. Ask him if either of us were near him, for I never saw him before?
Pepper. They were the Women, and none else, I know them very well; but I never saw them before that Morning, and I never desire to see them any more.


                  Francis 
                  Hunt 
               



            . Last Wednesday Morning was se'nnight, between 3 and 4 in the Morning, the Prosecutor came running out of Half-moon-alley, as hard as he could, and complained that two Women came up to him, one on each Side, and had pulled out his Money, Pocket and all, and had flung his Pocket at him again. The two Prisoners came out of White Hind Court, (while the Man went back to see for them,) and they went round some Ruins into Three Tunn Alley, and so into White Hind Court again. I saw them as soon as I came out of the Court, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Whaley 
               



            , (a Brother Watchman) and I, stopped them, between Sweet-Apple Court, and Dunning's Alley. The Prosecutor charged us with them, for robbing him of 4s. 6d. and some Half-pence. They fell to swearing and damning, and said they had none of his Money, not they; - they had no more than a Penny or Three half pence about them, which they would lay out for a Dram to make us drink. But the Prosecutor being positive to that, we carried them to the Watch-house, and by the Constable's Order, I searched that Creature (Harding) as far as Modesty would let me (for I am a little modest) and then I searched Bowling; she gave me a Tap with her Toe, upon the Small of my Leg, (which I did not understand the Meaning of) and not finding any Money upon them, Whaley went to see, if we could find any had been dropp'd among the Tubs in White Hind Court, or in a Vault there, into which such Creatures as these often retire. Not finding any we returned to the Watch-house, and the Constable bid us search the Prisoners again, and accordingly I pulled off Bowling's Shoes, and felt from her Knees, all over her Stockings. Then I would have searched Harding, but she resisted, and we were forced to get three Watchmen to hold her; then I got one Leg over my Knee, as the Farriers shoe Horses, and just by the left Side of her Ancle-Bone, I found Half a Crown, a Shilling, and Three-half-pence. Here is the Money, and one of the Half-pence is whited on one Side, as the Blind-man in Moorfields whitens Buckles. I found there was Money in her Stocking, and there being a Hole in it, another Watchman picked it out, through the Hole with his Finger.
Harding. But it was my own Money.
Pepper. The Money I lost, was one Half-Crown, two Shillings, and some Half-pence.


                  Thomas 
                  Whaley 
               



             confirmed the former Evidence.
Joseph Key's Evidence was agreeable to Hunt's and Whaley's. He likewise deposed, that Half a Crown, a Shilling, and Some Half-pence were found in Harding's Stocking, after they had both swore they had no Money about them.
They were both 


               acquitted of the privately Stealing; but were found Guilty of single Felony
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


