






70. 71. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hutton 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one linnen handkerchief, val. 10 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Turner 
                  




                
            , Oct. 17
.


                  Robert 
                  Turner 
               



            . On the 17th October in the evening, coming down Cheapside


; I felt a pull at my pocket; I turned about, and put my hand in my pocket, I felt my handkerchief; Hutton was at my elbow, the other was two yards behind me; I suspected them both by their countenances, I did not take any notice of it; then the tall fellow Hutton walked by me, the other kept behind, Hutton went over the way, the other followed him at some distance; after they were gone, I went cross the way behind the coaches, and saw them join company, they went down the Poultery, I followed them: they turned down by the mansion house, and up Bucklers Bury, and from thence into Cheapside again, I followed them, and observed them to converse together as they walked. In Cheapside I called a man to my assistance, and I took hold of one, and he the other: we carried them into the Magpye and Horshoe; we sent for a constable, who is since dead; they were searched, and about 7 or 8 handkerchiefs were found upon Smith, mine being one of them.


                  John 
                  Bolton 
               



            , the Landlord at the Magpye and Horshoe, deposed to the searching of them, and produced 8 handkerchiefs in court, taken upon Smith, one of which the Prosecutor swore to as his Property.
Hutton called his father and two other men, who spoke well as to his character
He was 

               Acquitted
            .
Smith 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


