





42. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Saimon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing nine Pair of Stockings
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Evans 
                  




                
            .


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  George 
                  Evans 
               



            .) What have you to say against the Prisoner, with respect to nine Pair of Stockings lost the 7th of January
?
Evans. My Lord, my little Girl told me, she saw a Man take a Bundle.
Q. What Age is your Girl?
Evans. Between eleven and twelve. She call'd to me and said a Thief had taken something: With that I pursu'd him: I saw him running up the Court and I overtook him.
Q. What pass'd when you took him?
Evans. He fell on his Knees and begg'd I would forgive him.
Q. Who was the Bundle taken up by? where was it when he was taken?
Evans. He threw down the Stockings in the Street, and Coatham took them up.


                  Thomas 
                  Coatham 
               



            . I heard them cry stop Thief, as I was coming thro' the Court. and I saw the Prisoner run, with a Bundle and a Stick in his Hand, for which Reason I was afraid to take hold of him.
Q. Did you take up the Bundle? Did you shew it to the Prosecutor, and did he own the Stockings.
Coatham. Yes, He said they were his. I was at this Time close by the Prisoner, who fell on his Knees and begg'd Forgiveness.


                  John 
                  Manning 
               



            . As I was coming by, I heard a Cry of stop Thief, and I stopp'd him: I saw him throw down the Stick, but I could not say I saw him throw down the Bundle.
Q. What did he say when you took him?
Manning. He cry'd out for Mercy and begg'd Forgiveness. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


