





146. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Golling 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Cotton Apron, value 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Hensman 
                        



                      
                  ; and another Cotton Apron, value 1 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Humphrey 
                     Perry 
                  



                
            , of Windmill Street, St. James's Westminster, January 9
.


                  Ann 
                  Hensman 
               



            . My Father's House is in Windmill-street, St James's, Westminster. The Prisoner came into the Yard, and untied these two coloured Aprons from the Line.
Q. What Aprons were they?
Hensman. Blue and white check'd Aprons. My Father went into the Yard, and he said there was a Woman gone into the Yard. I went afterwards, and found these Things gone.
Q. Where did you see her afterwards ?
Hensman. At the House of one 
               
                  Jane 
                  Roberts 
               



            . There she had one of the Aprons about her. She also confessed another Apron, that was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Perry 
               



            's. She said if I would go with her, she would get me the other. When she gave me that, I said I would not go, I was afraid she would get somebody to knock me on the Head: so she sent it by a Chairman


                  Q
               


            . to 
               
                  Jane 
                  Roberts 
               



            . What do you know of this Matter ?
Roberts. Mrs. Hensman came to my House to ask me about this Woman; I told her she came to my House sometimes; when she came I turned up her Cloak, and took the Apron from under her Arm, and this Gentlewoman, Mrs. Hensman, owned it.
Q. When was this ?
Roberts. I believe on the 9th of January.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


