





113. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Parsons 
                  



               
            , of St. George Bloomsbury


 , was indicted for 


               stealing two tin canisters, value 18 d. a quarter of a pound of green tea, value 2 s. a quarter of a pound of bohea tea, value 2 s. and four pound of snuff, value 6 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Robinson 
                  




                
            , January 4th
.


                  Jane 
                  Robinson 
               



            . On the 4th of this month between 7 and 8 at night, I was sitting in a room joining to my shop, and I thought I heard a noise; I came out and found the shop window open, I thought somebody had been playing the rogue, not suspecting any thing of thieves, but looking down Plumber's-Court I saw a woman, said I, woman or mistress, I cannot tell which, why do you open my sash-window ? I laid hold of her, and found a canister which I knew to be my own; said I, woman, why do you rob me? I took hold of her, brought her to my door, and then she dropped another canister , with a bladder of about 4 pound of snuff; I asked her how she came by them? she said she found them. The Prisoner was very much in liquor, I believe she did not know what she was doing - I knew her before.


                  Stephen 
                  Peters 
               



            . Mrs. Robinson keeps a coffee-house in Plumber's Court , in Holbourn, I was in the coffee-house, and heard this gentlewoman cry out she was robbed; I went out and took one of those canisters and the snuff off the ground - the Prisoner said she bought them; she was very drunk, I believe she did not know what she did.
Prisoner. I had been at Mr. Sherrard's, the surgeon, to have my leg dressed, and coming along the court, I saw a woman drop these canisters, run away, and I could not run after her; I found them on the ground.


                  Jane 
                  Robinson 
               



             . She might find them for what I know, for I did not see her throw the sash up. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            

The Prosecutor recommended her to the court for corporal punishment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


