






306. + 
               
                  John 
                  Martin 
               



             , was indicted 


               for breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Robinson 
                        



                      
                   in the night time, and stealing one pair of sheets, val. 5 s. and a pair of stockings, val. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Robinson 
               



            , and
307. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Macklaughlin 
                  , otherwise 
Mason, otherwise 
Thomas




            , for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  William 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I lost a pair of sheets and a pair of stockings out of my house - I cannot tell whether it was night or day, it was the dusk of the evening.


                  James 
                  Bye 
               



            . Jeffs and Martin came to me, and we agreed to go out to get what we could come at, we tried at several houses, and could not do any thing; then we came to a house in Dove Court, by Leather Lane. The Prisoner had a hanger under his coat, and he bid Jeffs not be afraid, and swore the first man that came to oppose them he would cut his head off: there was a latch to the door, and Jeffs turned the latch, opened the door, and went into the house about ten o'Clock at night, and brought something out in his apron, and began to run; Martin said, what do you run for? or something to that effect. He brought out a pair of sheets, and a pair of ribbed stockings.
Q. How far was Martin off at that time?
Bye . He might be half the length of the Court off. We went to Mrs. Lucas's to sell them and she did not buy them; then we went to the Prisoner Macklaughlin, otherwise Mason, otherwise Thomas, otherwise Little Moll , and asked her five shillings for them, she bid us eighteen pence, and at last gave us half a crown for them.
The Jury 


               acquitted Martin of the burglary, and found him guilty of the felony
            . Macklaughlin 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


