





200. + 
               
                  
                     Rachael 
                     Poole 
                  



               
             , of St Giles's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing 4 Silver Spoons, val. 30 s. 5 Silver Tea-spoons, val. 12 s. 8 gold Rings, val. 5 l. a gold Necklace and gold Locket, val. 30 s. a Pair of Silver Knee-buckles, val. 3 s. and a Silver Seal, value 2 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Paul 
                           Dekayne 
                        




                      
                   , in his Dwelling-house
            , March 9
.


                  Paul 
                  Dekayne 
               



             . The prisoner is the Person: she took all these Things out of my Drawer. Here is the gold Necklace and Locket: here is 8 gold Rings, 5 Silver Tea-spoons, 2 large Spoons, a pair of Silver Knee-buckles, and a Silver Seal, - they are all my Property, and were taken out of a Drawer in my Bureau, which stood in the Parlour. They were taken from thence, (as she says) last Saturday was a Fortnight. The Prisoner lodged in a ready furnished Room in my House, but these things were not for the Use of my Lodgers: they were all put up in my Bureau, on Saturday Night, but the Drawer was not locked; and I missed them on Monday Morning following, - it was the Monday after Palm Sunday. I immediately advertised them; and a Pawnbroker having seen the Advertisement, came to me with the Gold Necklace, and asked me if it was mine? I told him, I could swear to it, and enquired if he knew the Person who brought it to him? He said he should, know the Woman again if he was to see her. I had a suspicion of the Prisoner, and let him have a fight of her; and he told me, she was the Person who brought it to his House. Upon this I got a Constable, and told her, if she would confess, it should be better for her. She then told me the Things were all in her Room, and I got a Warrant to search it, but not finding any of them, she was committed to the Gatehouse. The next Morning she sent for me and my Wife, and took all the fault on herself; and her pretended Husband restored these Things.
A Witness. I believe the whole Discovery was made on a Promise of Pardon. There was an absolute Promise given the Prisoner, when they were before me, that they would be very favourable.
P. Dekayne. I made her a Promise, in Order to get my Goods again, but I did not give her hopes of Pardon, that was not in my Power; I only promised to be favourable, so as the Law would run.
Mrs. Dekayne. The Prisoner was a Lodger in my House, in Great Earl Street, St. Giles's. We lost these Things on the Saturday Night before Palm Sunday, when no body was at Home but she, and our Apprentice. We missed the Goods on Monday Morning, and by the Prisoner's advice, she and I went to a Cunning Man, on the other Side of the Water; and she prayed to God that the Person who robbed me might be brought to Justice, and as I was so good a Woman, she should be glad (she said) to see them hanged who had injured me. After this she went with me to several Pawnbrokers, and told me she would go 100 Miles barefoot, to see the Thief prosecuted. But as we could get no Intelligence of our Goods, my Husband advertised them; and the Wednesday following the Pawnbroker came with the Gold Necklace and Locket; and the Prisoner coming into the House at the same Time, he knew her, and said he would swear she was the Person that brought it to him. Upon this she was seized and carryed before his Honourable Worship, where she confessed every Thing; and as she came out of his Worship's House, she said she would not part with the Things, - she would keep them to maintain her, while she was in Goal. While she was in the Round-house she sent for us, and when we came there, she desired me to go up Stairs with her: I did so, and she told me it was out of her Power to help me to my Things again, and she fell down on her Knees, and owned she had taken them all. Dear Mrs Poole , said I, how did you get in? At the Door, or the Window? Mrs Dekayne , (said she) your eldest Apprentice went out into the Yard, and desired me to take Care of the Parlour Door, and while he was gone out, I went in, in Hopes of finding a great deal of Money; but finding none I looked about for something else; and the first Things I found were the Rings, the Necklace and Spoons; and Mrs Dekayne, (says she) if I had not been afraid of your Apprentice's returning, I should have looked farther. She owned she had taken all the Things mentioned in the Indictment, and begged for Mercy. I told her she had shewn me none, but yet if she would tell me where the Goods were I would be favourable. So we got the things, and we carried them, with the Prisoner, before his Worship: and when she came there, she could make no Answer to them, but owned she had taken them. - There were no Promises given her of Favour.
The Justice. The Goods, with the Prisoner, were brought before me; she owned she had taken them, but insisted on the Promises they had made to her, and they did not at all contradict her, nor deny their Promise.
- Jenkins. The Prisoner had formerly brought several Things to our Shop; and she came with this Necklace on the first of April. I took it in Pawn from her, but it being advertised, I carried it to Mr Dekayne , and he owned it.
The Prisoner in her Defence said, that Mrs Dekayne had complained to her that her Husband had carried away some Things of Value; and that she committed this Necklace and Locket to her Care, after she had made her drink until she knew not what she did, or said. But she denied having any thing else in her Custody.
Mrs Dekayne deposed she had not drank with the Prisoner, and that the Goods were all taken away together, while she and her Husband were abroad. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


