





77. + 
               
                  William 
                  Simpson 
               



            , of St. Michael Cornhill


, was indicted for 


               stealing eight gold rings, value 4 l. nine moidores, value 12 l. 3 s. and three half guineas, value 31 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Guyther 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , December 10
.


                  William 
                  Guyther 
               



             . I am a barber and peruke-maker. I went out of my house on the 10th of December, at four o'clock in the afternoon, and returned about seven in the evening; one of my servants, (
               
                  James 
                  Bell 
               



            ) met me at the door, and told me, he thought I had been robbed: and that 
               
                  William 
                  Simpson 
               



             had been there, under pretence of looking for a brush, which he had left there. The Prisoner had been my servant : Bell desired me to go up stairs, and told me, the bureau was open; I went up stairs, and saw that my bureau was broke open. I missed nine moidores, and three half guineas, which I saw there that afternoon: I went down into the shop with my servant, and the Prisoner was in my shop all the time.
Q. Did Bell tell you in the hearing of Simpson, that he believed you had been robbed?
Guyther . No, Sir. I went up stairs with him, and shut the dining-room door, and told him, he had robbed me of so much money.
Q. Did you search him?
Guyther. No. I told him, he must have the money: he asked forgiveness, and returned me nine moidores, and three half guineas, which he pulled out of his side-breeches pocket; I asked him, if he had any money when he came into my house, and he said, he had none.
Q. Were there any marks upon the moidores?
Guyther. I don't know of any marks upon the moidores, the rings I can positively swear to.
Q. You lost eight rings; have you got them again?
Guyther. Yes.
Q. Where did you find them?
Guyther. He put his hand behind him, and then I saw the box of rings in his hand; there were eight gold rings.


                  James 
                  Bell 
               



            . I served my time with Mr. Guyther, and lived with him as a journeyman then; on Thursday the 10th of December, between six and seven in the evening, the Prisoner came into Mr. Guyther's shop.
Q. Had the Prisoner formerly lived there?
Bell. Yes. After some conversation he said, he would go down into the kitchen to the maid, and I thought he was gone down; I went down into the kitchen, but he was not there; not seeing him there , I was surprized : I heard a noise in the dining room, and I sent a fellow-servant up with a candle to see if there was any body there. Then I went up myself , and as I was going up stairs, I heard somebody there: I called out several times, who is there ? And at last the Prisoner said, it is I. I asked him, what he did there; he said, he came for a brush that he had left there; I said, I would go up for it; I went up and found the flap of the bureau quite down, and the things in a confused manner .
Q. Did he say he had found the brush?
Bell. No, he did not say he had found it; afterwards I came down stairs, and went to a place where I thought Mr. Guyther was, but he was not there; a little after I met him at the door and told him, I had a suspicion that Simpson had robbed him, and desired him to go up stairs and satisfy himself. He went up and I with him, and he said, he was robbed.
Q. Was the bureau open then?
Bell. The flap was put up again then.
Q. Who did that?
Bell . The Prisoner went up stairs again , for I saw him come down after I came back from looking for my master; then Mr. Guyther went up stairs with the Prisoner, and told him, he had robbed him, and he pulled out a handful of gold, and gave it to Mr. Guyther; Mr. Guyther asked him if he had any money, when he came into his house, and he said, he had not a farthing; then he put his hand behind him, and slid the box, and Mr. Guyther took the box from him and opened it.
Q. Is that the box?
Bell. Yes.
Q. What was in the box?
Bell. Rings.
Q. Were they gold rings?
Bell . I can't tell whether they were gold rings or not, but I know they were rings.
Prisoner. I had been with a fellow-servant on board a ship, and was very much in liquor.
Mr. Guyther and 
               
                  James 
                  Bell 
               



            , being asked whether he was in liquor, they said, he was.


                  Charles 
                  West 
               



            , (for the Prisoner.) I am a cutler in Eastsmithfield, I have known the Prisoner about two years; the young man used to come very much to my house, I never saw any thing amiss in him in my life, I believe that night he was fuddled, I never saw him fuddled before, and I never heard him swear in my life.
Q. What does he do?
West. He goes to work, when he can get any; he is a journeyman barber.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Simpson 
               



            . The Prisoner's mother-in-law has known him four years, and she always counted him a very honest lad, and said that his poor father will break his heart about it, who is as honest a man as ever lived.


                  Benjamin 
                  Daniel 
               



             . I am a barber and peruke-maker in Mincing-lane , I have known the Prisoner about six weeks , he lived with me about a fortnight, and I never knew any ill of him.
Q. That is but a little time.
Daniel . It was not upon any dislike that I parted with him, but I had no farther occasion for him.


                  John 
                  Bartlett 
               



             . I have known the Prisoner between six and seven years: I never knew any ill of him in my life, and nothing to the contrary, but that he was a sober, inoffensive lad.


                  Joseph 
                  Griffin 
               



             . The Prisoner was with me about four months; I had a good character of him from Mr. Guyther, and he behaved exceeding well with me, and was as sober, honest a fellow, as ever I had in my life; and upon that account I recommended him to Mr. Daniel.
The Prosecutor recommended the Prisoner, and desired the Court would be merciful to him: that he was obliged to give the evidence he did, and could not in conscience help it.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


