






344. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Haynes 
                  



               
             , of the precinct of St. Catharine's


, was indicted for 


               stealing two hempen sacks val. 3 s. and four bushels of oats, val. 4 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Harris 
                  



                
            , Aug. 19

.


                  John 
                  Phillips 
               



            . I am a constable of the precinct of St. Catharine's, the Prisoner lives in St. Catharine's, and has a back door which comes to St. Catharine's Dock . Mr. 
               
                  Bernard 
                  Smith 
               



             came to me with a warrant to search his house, and I found these two sacks under a sort of a couch in the back room; Mr. Smith was with me at the same time.
Q. What trade is the Prisoner?
Phillips. He is a barber
.
James Lane. I am lighterman to Mr. Harris; he had a lighter of corn at his own wharf, at Pickel Herring stairs, there were four sacks filled with oats; these are Mr. Harris's sacks, there were two sacks missing, and I take these to be two of the four.
Q. What was in the sacks?
Lane. They were filled with black oats, and there are black oats in the inside of them now. These two sacks contain eight bushels.
Q. When had you the search warrant?
Phillips. The 30th of August.
Robert Harris. These are my sacks.
Q. Were they filled with oats?
Harris. They were filled with black Devonshire oats; and I believe these oats which are left in them, are part of those oats. On the 19th of August, Mr. Smith was searching for some of his sacks, and he found these sacks of mine.
Q. What were these oats worth?
Harris. They were currently sold at that time for 13 s. a quarter.


                  Bernard 
                  Smith 
               



            . I had a warrant to search for my sacks, and I found Mr. Harris's in a back room in Haynes's house, under a couch.
- Fellows. I bought a quartern of oats of the Prisoner much about this time, and gave him 10 s. for the quartern, they were old oats. I asked him whether he came by them honestly, he said, he had a great many coasters, who left corn with him to sell.
Prisoner. You bought them of me for 10 s. it is true, and I gave 10 s. for them to the man's servant; you had them at the same price that I had them.
Q. Can you prove this?
Haynes. The gentleman [Mr. Smith] said, he would bring his servant here, to know whether I knew him.


                  Q. 
               


            [to Mr. Smith.] Have you brought your servant?
Smith. I have not.
Prisoner. Mr. Smith's man brought them to me, and sold them to me; I bought them of his man, they call him Bob, and Mr. Smith said, he would bring his servant to confront me.
Q. Did the Prisoner say so first?
Smith. Yes, he did; he said, he bought them of my man Bob, but I had no such servant; I asked him whether I should bring that servant, and he said, there was no occasion for it.
Q. Could your man come at Mr. Harris's oats?
Smith. No, he could not.
Phillips. I found more sacks in his house of other people's.


                  Benjamin 
                  Arch 
               



            . I live in Somerset Street Whitechapel; the Prisoner always had the character of an honest man.
- Norton. I have known the Prisoner about a year and an half; I have not known much of him, but I never heard any thing against him besides this; he always was an honest, industrious man as can be.


                  Q. 
               


            [to Mr. Smith] Is your servant an honest man?
Smith. Let him say what he will, he is as honest a lad as can be; I can trust him with untold gold. 

               Guilty
            .
He was also indicted for 


               stealing one hempen sack, val. 18 d. and four bushels of oats, value 4 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Bernard 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , August 19th

.
He was not tried upon this indictment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


