





92. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Ross 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Parcel of Cotton
            , belonging to 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jones 
                  




                
            .


                  Q. 
               


            (to Jones) What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Jones. On the 5th of this Month
 I was weighing off some Cotton at Chester-Key


. I was weighing while the Landwaiter went to Dinner. Afterwards, when I went to Dinner myself and came back again to the Keys, I heard that the Prisoner at the Bar was detected for taking of some Cotton out of my Bag.
Q. How much?
Jones. I reckon about 2 lb.
Ebenezar Hartly. I am Constable of Chester-Keys . Coming on the Key the 5th of this Month, I saw this Woman and another at the Bag of Cotton. I came to her and ask'd her what she was doing. Said I, how came you by this? She said, the Porter gave it me. I said, she should go with me to the Porter, to know what Porter could give Merchant's Goods away. After that I found Mr. Jones out and shew'd him the particular Bag.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Jones) Was this Bag your Father's?
Jones. Yes, my Lord .
Q. What did you do farther ?
Hartly. I carry'd her before the Alderman. She said, the other Woman was to have half of it. And the Porter that had given it her was run away. But I saw the Woman take it myself.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner ) What have you to say?
Prisoner. As I was coming along the Keys and picking up Bits of Chips, the other Woman said, will you let me put this into your Basket? The Constable said, you shall go along with me ; so he let the Woman and Girl go, and he took me.
But she could call no Witnesses to prove it, nor to her Character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


