






303, 304. + 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Harris 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ballet , otherwise 
Ballard




               
            , * of St Sepulchres



, was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Flannigal 
                        




                      
                  , putting him in Fear, and taking from him a Pair of Silver Shoe-Buckles, value 10 s. a small Silver Cross, value 2 s. and a Handkerchief value 12 d. in the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Ballet 
                     



                  , otherwise Ballard
            , June 5
.
* Vide ante, No. 297.


                  Daniel 
                  Flannigal 
               



            . On Sunday, the 5th of June, as I was coming down Holborn-Bridge, I met a young Woman, who took me to Mrs Ballard's House; we went up one Pair of Stairs, and the young Woman called for some Liquor, which I suppose to be Gin; they had it and drank it, I never tasted it: I gave them Two-pence half-penny for it, they said it was not enough, so I gave them another Half-penny, and was for going away; says Ballard. You must not go till you make us a Present of something else, and I said, I would not give them any thing else, and I would go about my Business. I was sitting at the Bed's Feet, and Harris and another Woman pushed me backward upon the Bed; and, as soon as they had done that, in rushes 2 or 3 more; they got my Shoes off instantly, to get my Buckles; after they had got my Buckles, they got to my Fob, and they took a Silver Cross, they took a Handkerchief out of my Pocket, and a Note of Hand of 3 l. 3 s. which I did not lay in the Indictment. - The Gentlemen of the Jury did not put that down, because I did not know the Date of it. - They used me in a very vile Manner; and if the Watchman had not come to my Assistance, I believe I should have been dead; for I could not have held it out a Quarter of an Hour longer - they stopped my Mouth, leaned upon my Breast, and strove to stifle me as much as they could; I believe I cried out Murder for the Space of a Quarter of an Hour; and when they found the Watchman came to the Door, they run down Stairs - I had not Strength to keep any of them in Custody; as soon as I could I came down Stairs, and saw one of them standing at the Door, with a Poker in her Hand; and, she said, if I came any nearer she would knock me down.
Q. Was Ballard one of them?
Flannigal. I cannot positively swear, that 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ballard 
               



             was one that assaulted me, but she must be one concerned, because she was the Person I had my Things from again; the Watchman broke the Door open, and as soon as she found he was coming. she hid herself in a little turn-up Bed, that was in the lower Room - she got in between the Head of the Bed and the Wall; the Constable took her out from thence; after I got to the Watch-house, I said, if you will let me have my Things I will let you go; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ballard 
               



             made Answer, and said, if the Constable would let her go back again, very likely she might find them; and the Constable told her he would let her go back again; and accordingly she went back, and they found them. - The Watchman said he found them in the Bed, where she hid them.
Q. Who was it delivered the Things into your Possession?
Flannigal. The Constable has had them all this Time, till now.
Q. Was it the Constable or a Watchman that went with her back?
Flannigal. It was the Watchmen; one of the Watchmen delivered them to the Constable, and the Constable has kept them till now.
Q. Was 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harris 
               



             there?
Flannigal. I am sure 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harris 
               



             was there; and to the best of my Knowledge, she was the chief Person that stopped my Breath. - I was astonished; I was out of my Senses; they laid upon my Stomach, and stopped my Breath, so that I could fearce breathe - I cannot say whether Harris did it or no, but she was the first Person that threw me down upon the Bed, and lay upon my Breast.
Prisoner Harris. Was I the Person that was charged by the Watchman first; was there not some-body else discharged, that was concerned in it.
Flannigal. There was one made her Escape; that was the Woman that stood at the Door, with a Poker in her Hand, and threatned to knock me down.
Harris. I was not secured at all, till they had all made their Escape but me.
Flannigal. They all made their Escape but these two.
Harris. Did not you see the Remainder of the Women run over the Top of the House, before they took me?
Flannigal. Harris hid herself in a little bit of a Hole, like a Coal-hole; and the Constable pulled her out, and asked her what she had to do there, and she said she was asleep; I did not know which way the others went.


                  Philip 
                  Price 
               



            . A little before 11 o'Clock, at Night, on Sunday the 5th of June, I heard there was a Disturbance at a House in Thatched-Alley


 in Chick-Lane, I went down and beat pretty hard with my Staff at the Door, and bid them open the Door, but they would not come down to open it; at last, I saw a Way to put my Hand in, which I did, and shoved the Bolt back; then there was another Door at the Stairs-Feet, that went into a Room, and I set my Back against it, and burst it open, and went up Stairs; there was a Woman with a Poker in her Hand, and she got away presently; and there was one got away over the Houses; I came down Stairs again, and searched this lower Room, and found Ballard behind the Bed, and Harris in the Closet; and then the Prosecutor said, that Harris lay upon him, and stopped his Breath; then I went with them both to the Watch-house; and Ballard said, if there were any such Things lost in her House, she believed, if they would let her go, she might find them; accordingly I went back with her into this lower Room, where the Bedstead was turned up, which she stood behind, and she pulled the Bedstead down again, and there were the Buckles and the Cross lying upon the Bed; says she, they are; and I brought them, and delivered them into the Consta ble's Hands; Ballard said she knew nothing of them.

Harris. Was I in the House when the Buckles were found?
Price. No.
Harris. Did not you find that my Apron was bloody?
Price Yes; and you said your Husband had been beating you.


                  Joshua 
                  Bothomly 
               



            . On Sunday Night, the 4th or 5th of June, I was at the Watch-house; a Man came and told me, there was crying out of Murder in Chick-Lane; I went and took my Watchmen with me; and the Neighbours said, they believed they had all made their Escape; however, I searched the House, and found the two Prisoners; Harris was in the Closet, and Ballard was behind the Bed, in the Room below Stairs; I carried them to the Watch house; and Ballard said, if I would let her go back, she would endeavour to find the Things; I sent three Watchmen with her, and in about a Quarter of an Hour they came back with the Things.
Q. Did Ballard say, that she was, or was not concerned in the Robbery?
Bothomly. She said, she was not concerned; but if she was not, what Occasion had she to hide herself.
Ballard. One of the other Watchmen found the Things upon the Bed.
Price. When she pulled the Bedstead down the Bed tumbled down, and there they lay - she did not take them up; she said, here they are.
Harris. I was a little in Liquor, it being Sunday Night; and my Husband beat me, and cut my Mouth, and made me in a Gore-Blood; and I went into the Closet to hide myself, and Ballard said, stay there, and he shall not hurt you.
Ballard. I was very ill, and had taken a Sweat, and I laid myself down upon the Bed - though the Bed turns up, there is room for any Body to lie behind it.


                  Henry 
                  Turner 
               



            . 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harris 
               



             lived with me 4 or 5 Months, about 4 Years ago, and then behaved well; I never heard any ill of her, nor never had any Thought of it.


                  Jane 
                  Stacy 
               



            . I have known Harris ever since she was a Baby; and knew her Parents to be very just honest People; she lived with me as a Servant, and she was very just and honest; I trusted her with all I had; I never lost any Thing, and never heard any ill of her, till now.


                  Samuel 
                  Harper 
               



            . I was coming along the Alley that Night, between 10 and 11 o'Clock; and that Man, which they call her Husband, was beating her; I asked her what was the Matter, she run into the House directly, and made me no Answer.


                  Ann 
                  Parker 
               



            . Ballard was my Neighbour some Years (about 7 Years ago) I never knew her to do any Wrong to any Body. Ballard 

               acquitted
            . Harris 

               guilty
             of the Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


