






381. + 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Courtrie , otherwise 
Courbee




               
            , of St Giles's in the Fields


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a Half-pint Silver Mug, value 50 s. a Silver Salt, value 10 s. and a Pair of Silver Tea-tongs, value 4 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Crawford 
                     



                   , in his Dwelling-house
             , August 26

.
[An Interpreter was sworn between the Court and the Prisoner.]
Thomas Crawford . I am a Vintner

, and live in Great Queen-street



 , near Lincoln's-Inn-Fields



. On Tuesday the 26th of August last, about five o'clock in the Afternoon, I lost out of my Fore-parlour a Silver half-pint Mug, - worth about 30 s or more. A Silver Salt, worth about 10 s. and a Pair of Silver Tea-tongs, worth 4 s. at least, for they cost me 18. They were all mine; I saw them that Tuesday Morning, but did not miss them till the Thursday following. Now I recollect my self, I remember I saw them when I was going to Dinner on Tuesday , and we have never seen them since The Prisoner came to my House under pretence of taking it ready furnished for the Swedish Ambassador. He was twice at the House on the Monday before for this Purpose; and he came again on Tuesday, and brought a Letter with him sealed up, pretending it came from the Envoy of Sweden's Lady , and that it contained an Agreement for the House at four Guineas a Week; that she was so well pleased with the Description he had given of the House, that she would be content to pay that Money for it. I saw the Prisoner deliver the Letter to my Wife, - but I don't understand French, though she does.
Mrs Crawford. This Letter the Prisoner brought to me. I have had it in my Pocket ever since, except some Times, when I have had it in my Hands. It is wrote in French, and it is sign'd - Mary, 
               
                  Baron
                   De Courtrie
               



             .
The Letter was read in French, and afterwards was interpreted as follows.
'' Madam,
'' I do myself the Honour to write to '' you, as I am just setting out for the Country, '' with Madam the Ambassadress, who desires absolutely '' that I stay 7 or 8 Days with her in the '' Country. As the young Man, the Bearer of '' this has given me a particular Account of your '' House, I am extremely pleased with it; particularly '' with knowing the Gentlewoman speaks '' French. Therefore I desire you to keep it a '' Week longer, and the Day before we come out '' out of the Country will give you notice of it. '' As to the Price, I make none with you, knowing '' the 
               
                  Baron
                   De Courtrie
               



             has been directed to '' your House, by one of your Friends. I there-fore '' desire you to give the Room of the Second '' Floor of your House, to the Bearer of this. He '' is a young Man, who has been recommended to '' the Ambassador, who is just set out for Portugal, '' and is to come in a Month with his Son, and '' who is to be at London with him. For that reason, '' I desire you to let him have a Bed, till his '' Return from the Country , and I shall be obliged '' to you; In the mean time I am,
'' Madam ,
'' Your Humble Servant,
'' 
               
                  Mary
                   Baron De Courtrie
               



            .
Directed,
'' To the Lady of the House
'' At London .
Mr Crawford. I can't say I saw the Prisoner take the Plate, for I was not at home when he came the last time, and when we suppose he took it. But missing it, we advertised it, with a Description of the Prisoner ; and on Saturday Morning about 11, Mr Benn, who keeps a Shop under St Dunstan's Church , in Fleet-Street, came to me, and informed me, that he believed from the Description I had put in the Daily-Advertiser, That the Person who had robbed me, had brought a Silver Spoon to sell at Mr Deard's Shop; but Mr Deard's 
               
                  Young 
                  Man 
               



             being ill, he sent him to Mr Wild's Shop, and offered it there, with Medals and French Coin. Mr Wild not being in the Shop, his Wife she sent for Mr Benn , the Watch-maker, at next Door, and while they were looking at the Things, Mr Wild himself came in, and observing a Crest upon the Spoon, he stopped both That, and the Prisoner. They suspected it to be the Lord Darby's Crest, and while they went with the Prisoner to Lord Darby, Mr Benn came to me, and upon the Information he gave me, I went with him, and overtook the Prisoner in Burlington-Gardens. As soon as I saw the Prisoner, I said, - By G - , that's the Fellow: upon which he turned about, and took to his Heels; I ran after him as far as May-Fair , and there he was taken: but I found nothing upon him, nor did he confess any thing to me; only he down'd on his Knees and begged Pardon; but 'twas in French, and I did not understand it. I charged him with taking my Plate, because there had been nobody in the Room from the Time I saw it, to the Time of my missing it; but He, my Wife, and my own Family.
Prisoner. Do you know me?
Mr Crawford. As well as I know my own Right-Hand.
Prisoner. I leave it to the Judgment of the Court.
Mrs Crawford. I was out of Town on Monday, but a Gentlewoman who lives with me dispatched a Messenger to let me know, that a Person had been there about taking our House, and that I must be at home about 12 o'clock, for he was then to come again and bring the Person with him, who was to have the House. I was very well pleased, and I am sure I was not 3 Quarters of an Hour in walking from Chelsea to Queen-Street. I got home a little past 12, and finding the Gentleman had not been there, I said, I hoped I should not loose my Labour, I waited (very impatient for his coming) till between 1 and 2, and nobody came. At last, as I sat in my Fore-parlour, I saw the Prisoner coming along, in a dark Suit of Cloaths, Silk Breeches, and a little dirty short Wig. O says I, to the Gentlewoman who was with me, - there's a Foreigner! He presently knocked at the door, and came in and said, - Madam, you give me Account of the House, and the Price. I desired him to walk in, and shew me what he wanted. He did so, and desired my Name, and Directions to the House, for the Secretary belonging to the Envoy. I called to my Husband, and desired him to set down our Name, and how many Doors up the Street our House was, that he might carry these Particulars with him. He said the Envoy was hurried out of Town, with the French Ambassador, and I took it for granted, that as soon as he returned, I should have advice of it; so he went away telling me, This Envoy was recommended to us, by a Person of my Acquaintance. I said, I wonder'd who it should be: He told me, I should know when the Envoy came, and so we parted. But on Tuesday about 11 or 12, he came again; My Husband was at home, and I was in the Fore-Parlour. As soon as he came in, he gave me this Letter; I opened it, and desired the Prisoner to read it, for, says I, I don't know whether I could read it, or no. He said, he wonder'd I could not read it, when I spoke so good French; so he took it, and says he, - Women don't understand Orthograph, (Orthography) and he read the Letter very perfect. I was transported to think I should have a Foreign Minister for four Years in my House, and said to my Husband, - My Dear, we are very lucky to let our House to such a Person. Aye says he, 'tis very well, if they pay us. O, says I, Publick Ministers never do otherwise; and then speaking to the Prisoner, - Sir, says I, by the Contents of the Letter, you are to lie here to-night. Yes, Madam, says he. There, (says I to my Husband,) there's satisfaction enough, and therefore take down the Bill. I asked the Prisoner to stay and dine with us upon a Shoulder of Mutton: He said no, and went away; and I was in Raptures, and was wished Joy, on this Account. About 5 o'clock, as I was ironing some little Things in my Kitchen, somebody knocked at the Door. A Gentlewoman, looked out of the Area, and said, - there was Monsieur come again. As soon as he came in, he went up Stairs, and the Gentlewoman went up with him? I called to her, and bid her desire him to come down; for when he went away the Time before, he said, he would go and fetch the Baggage, and would come and lie there; so I thought he was no better than a Valet de Chambre. Upon her desiring him to come down, he did so in an instant, and said to me, - Madam, the reason of my coming is, that I find you have a House in the Country, and perhaps it may not suit with your Conveniency, to let me lie here to-night. I told him, I always had somebody or other in the House, and it would be no Inconveniency to me at all: Nay, in case His Excellency himself had a mind to come to-night, it would not put me to a Nonplus; - for I was to have found Linnen, Plate, China, - Plate, he said the Baron had of his own; and as to the rest of the Things, as soon as ever the Baron came to be settled, he would buy them all himself. Thus he stood chatting, while I was ironing : and my Son, (who lives with an Attorney, having 2 or 3 Hours to spare,) happened to come in, and upon his seeing the Letter lie upon the Table, I told him how lucky we had been, and desired him to read it. Is that your Son, says the Prisoner? And can he read the Letter? Yes, Sir, says I, but not so well as you, for he does not fancy his French, though he has been at Paris. Among other Things, I asked him what Religion the Ambassador was of? He said, He had changed his Religion, and was now a Protestant; that he was about Forty Years old, and that his Lady was a very agreeable Woman. I told him I had a House in the Country, and should be very glad, if she would come and take an airing with me. After this, he asked me, if I had ever a French Book? I told him I had, but Mr Crawford had locked most of them up, however (as we were all busy, it being Execution-Day) I said to him, if he would go into such a Back-closet, he would find some. He had before seen the House, all over, so he goes up, and came down again presently with a Book in his Hand; - O Madam, says he, here is very good Book; it treat about the Romans. Sir, says I, if it is worth your Acceptance, 'tis at your Service; and I intended to offer him a Pair of Gloves when my Lodgers came, but he whipp'd up Stairs again, and came down and ask'd for a little Water. Jenny, says I, (to the Maid) your Master will want a little Punch at Night, go and get a little Pump-Water, and give the Gentleman some. He said no, He would no give the Trouble; but I bid her go. After this, says he, - Madam I will go up, and sit in the Closet by the Garden. O Sir, says I, the Garden is a very poor Place; you had better sit in the Fore-Parlour * - that will divert you. Accordingly he went there, and staid a little Time; Then he came down again into the Kitchen, and asked what o'clock it was. I told him, I had sent my Clock into the Country, and my Watch did not go. My Son told him 'twas almost 6 o'clock; then he said he would go to a House, where there was a Half-crown and a Twelve-penny Ordinary, the Sign of the King's-Arms, (he thought) but he did not know the name of the Street; but he would return that Night; - he would not keep us up late, - and he desired to take the Book with him. At half an Hour after 10, I went to Bed, and left my Husband up, playing at Picquet with a Gentlewoman; when he came to Bed he told me, my Lodger was not come; nor did he ever come afterwards. The Things mentioned in the Indictment were safe that Day about 2 o'clock, and were in a Place in the Fore-Parlour, which Place was locked, but the Key was left in the Door. I have never seen any of them since, nor have I any Prospect of ever seeing them again. That same Night, after the Prisoner was gone, I locked up the Place from whence the Plate was taken, and seeing other Things stand in Front, as they had done, I had no manner of Mistrust that any thing was gone; and to my Knowledge 'twas never unlocked again, till the Thursday, when we missed them; and then my Husband he went to enquire after the 
               
                  Baron 
                  Courtrie 
               



             , and not finding any such Person, he advertised the Things. 

               Acquitted
            .
* The Place from whence the Plate was taken.
He was a second Time indicted for 


               stealing a cambrick Handkerchief, value 6 s. a Gold Ring, with a cornelian Stone set therein, value 10 s. and 1 ditto with a Bristol-stone set therein, value 10 s
            . the Goods of 
               
                  Morgan 
                  Mityard 
               



             , in the Parish of St George Hanover-square


 , August 25

.


                  Ann 
                  Mityard 
               



            . I am Wife of Morgan Mityard; he does not live with me, nor has he been with me these three Years. We are parted; but it is only by our own Consent: no Act of Separation, nor any Divorce has passed between us. I live with Mr Hayes and Mr. Graham, Apothecaries, in Conduit-street , near Hanover-square ; and on the 25th of August, I lost out of my Master's Kitchen a cambrick Handkerchief, worth 6 s. and these two Rings which I have upon my Finger; one has a Cornelian Stone with three small ones on each Side, the other hath a Bristol-stone, with three little ones in the same Manner. I value them at 10 s. a-piece. The Prisoner came to my Master's House, to take Lodgings for an Ambassador's Secretary. I asked him the Ambassador's Name, but he told me, I could not understand him. I missed the Things in a Quarter of an Hour after he was gone, and I am sure he is the Man. He was but once at our House, and that was on Monday the 25th of August, and he was taken the Saturday following, near Dover-street. I was not present when he was taken, but I was with him at the Alehouse, before he was carried to Sir Edward Hill. I had the Rings from 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Harris 
               



            , a Silversmith, at Clement's-Inn, and I am sure they are mine.
Prisoner. Ask her if she knows me? And if she saw me take them?
Mityard. I know him; but I did not see him take the Things. He was down in our Kitchen, and I had pulled off my Rings, and had laid them at the Corner of the Pewter-shelf. He was in the Kitchen near three Quarters of an Hour, and desired me to shew him the Closet, and the Pantry. I did so; and I let him see my Master's Plate. He asked me if any Mistress belonged to the House. I told him no; then you (says he) are the only Mistress. - He talked English to me at that Time.


                  Joseph 
                  Tipton 
               



             . These are the very Rings my Mistress bought. - Her Name is 
               
                  Martha 
                  Harris 
               



            . Her Husband keeps the Shop, but he was not at Home when the Prisoner brought them to sell, so she bought them of the Prisoner, last Tuesday was a Se'en-night, about five o'clock in the Evening, and gave him 4 s. for the Two. I shew'd them to my Master next Morning, and he said he would not have given above Half-a-Crown for them, for they were of no more Value to him, than the Gold was worth. My Mistress did not ask him any Questions when she bought them, for he appeared very well dressed then, and spoke English. I am sure he is the Man.
Prisoner. He does not know me, nor do I know him. 


               Guilty 4 s.
             + .
+ There was another Indictment against him for a Felony of the same Nature , which therefore was not tryed .




[Transportation. See summary.]


