





41. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     James 
                  



               
             , was indicted (with 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hunt 
               



             not taken) for 


               assaulting  
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Woodland 
                        




                      
                   on the King's Highway, putting him in Fear, &c. and taking from him a silver Watch, value 3 l. and a silver Chain, value 7 s. the Property of the said Woodland
             , Dec. 16
.


                  John 
                  Woodland 
               



             On the 16th of Dec. last about half an Hour past 10 at Night, I was coming from the Marshall and Anchor in the Minories, and was going into White-Chapel Market for a Pound of Beef Stakes; coming down about half a dozen Doors from the Corner, I was stopped by that Woman at the Bar, and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hunt 
               



             who is not taken, one on one Side, the other on the other, on the King's Highway; the first Compliment I had from them was, D - n your B - d you shall go along with us, and upon that, one of them took hold of my right Side, and the other of my left, one pulled me, and the other shov'd me; they shov'd me about 2 or 3 Doors, till I came to Black-Boy-Alley


, then Ann Hunt held me while the Prisoner took the Watch out of my Fob. I made what Resistance I could, and jerked one of my Hands out, and catched my Watch in the Prisoner's Hand; the other Woman ran away, but I immediately seized the Prisoner, and never left her till I deliver'd her into the Constable's Hands.
Prisoner. Did not I leave you and the other Woman together in the Alley some Time?
Woodland . No, it was the Prisoner took my Watch, and they were both together.


                  Francis 
                  Allen 
               



             , Constable. When the Prisoner was brought before me at the Watch-House, she had a Knife in her Hand, and said, the Prosecutor would have given her 6 d. to make Use of it in a very extraordinary Manner in the Alley. As I was carrying her to Newgate, she said, the Prosecutor was a perjur'd little Villain, and she did not steal his Watch, but the other Woman who ran away.


                  Robert 
                  Colbatch 
               



            . Woodland desired me to go with him before the Lord Mayor, and as we were coming through the Globe Tavern into the Old-Jury, the Prisoner endeavoured to strike him, and made Use of a very immodest Expression, to the same Effect as what the last Witness had mentioned.
Woodland. I never delivered the Knife to her, not ever saw it, till it was in Allen's Hand. I was in my Gown, and the Sleeve was cut through 4 times double.
Prisoner. Was not you in Liquor?
Woodland. No, I was no more in Liquor than I am now
Ann Underhill . I have known the Prisoner ever since she was born; I am something of a Relation to her . - I am her Mother ; and she behaved very honestly, while she lived with me.


                  Sarah 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known her ever since she was born, and never heard any Harm of her in the Course of my Life.


                  Susanna 
                  Underhill 
               



             . I am her Sister, and never knew an, Ill of her.



               Guilty
            , Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


