







259, 260. + 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dobbs 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Goldburne 
                  



                
            , of Christ Church, Middlesex




, were indicted for 


               stealing twenty six pound of fat, a shoulder of mutton, a shoulder of veal, a brisket of beef, a chuck rib, a middle rib, a rump, and two leg of mutton pieces of beef, and sundry other pieces of meat, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Abell 
                        



                      
                  , in his shop
            . And
261. 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Carpenter 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same knowing them to be stolen
            , April 16

.


                  John 
                  Abell 
               



            . On the 16th of April I lost several pieces of beef and other meat out of my shop in Spittlefield's Market



, which are mentioned in the indictment, and a flank which I did not find. In the morning I found the door a jar, and missed two or three pieces of meat; I looked further, and found that there was more gone. I went to one 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Lardent 
               



            's in the market, where I thought there were some loose persons lodged, and asked him what time such an one came in; he said he came in at three o'clock in the morning. Mr. Lardent said, I will endeavour to find it out for you, we heard somebody was taken up, and we went to the Compter, and there was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dobbs 
               



            ; I said, how could you serve me so as to take my meat away? If you know any thing of it, said I, this is the only time to clear yourself: said I, who was concerned with you? He said, there was one Isaac, I cannot tell his other name, he goes by the name of Dumb Paw, [he has a lame hand] and Dobbs told me the meat was lodged at one Carpenter's in Gravel Lane. I went to Carpenter's house, and said, have you got any meat here? Yes, he said he had; said I, will you let me see it? yes, he said, and welcome; when he showed it me, said I, this is my meat. I asked him how he came to take it in, he said they told him they were going to Leadenhall Market with it. I asked him if he would let me have the favour of taking it away, he said yes, so I sent my son and another person and took the meat and sat away; the meat was vastly tumbled, and looked like dogs meat, and there was some of the sat in a bag that belonged to Mr. Carpenter. After that I said he must go along with me, he said with all his heart. I had a constable behind me, and Carpenter went to the Compter along with the constable and me.
Q. Did he tell you he knew that these people came dishonestly by it?
Abell. He said they came over night and gave him half a pint of gin to tell them about lodging the meat there.


                  Abraham 
                  Millar 
               



            . I was a constable for that night, there were two or three other constables with me, we went into several disorderly houses in order to get men for his Majesty, and by Stony Lane I met this Dobbs between one and two in the morning, he passed by us, and I did not take much notice of him, he seeming to be a boy: some time afterwards I saw him again, and then I asked him where he was going, he made no answer; he had something under his arm, I asked what it was; at first he made no answer, but the second time being asked what it was, he said what was that to us; I told him we were officers of the night, and had power to lay hold of him unless he gave a good account of himself; he made us no answer; I looked into an old apron that he had, and there were two pieces of beef. I asked him how he came by it, he gave us no answer. I told him if he did not tell us how he came by it, he must go to the Compter, still he would not tell us his name, who he was, or where he had it; and as my brother officer had him in hand he confessed he had broke open a shop in Spittlefield's Market, (he did not tell it to me.) In the morning I had him before the Alderman at Guildhall, and then he confessed the whole fact - He confessed that he and Isaac, (I cannot tell his name, I think they call him Dumb Paw) broke open the shop with a chopper, that they took down the moulding of the window, and then took a shutter down, and then he went in and handed the meat out to Isaac, and they carried it to this Carpenter's house, and that they took two turns apiece, I believe it was the third time of his going that we took him.
Abell. I heard him confess he had a chopper, and took down a shutter with it.


                  Sarah 
                  Bond 
               



            . I have known Dobbs eight or nine years, and know him to be an honest hopeful young lad - he carries meat up to Leadenhall, the Prosecutor does employ him.
Abell. I never employed him in my life.
Bond. Yes; you have in watching of meat.
Abell. I believe I have in that.


                  Alice 
                  Pell 
               



            . Dobbs has a very good character, I never knew him wrong any body in my life. I have sent him for money several times, and he has brought it very just and true. I have sent him for ten or twelve shillings, or a guinea at a time, this about three months ago. I have known him twelve years, he is a good honest boy.
Jury. Are you a relation of his?
Pell. I am his sister. Goldburne and Carpenter 

               acquitted
            , Dobbs 


               guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


