





501. + 
               
                  Britannia 
                  Wood , otherwise 
Woolstonecraft




            , of Christ's Church Middlesex


 , was indicted for 


               stealing 3 Pieces of Silk and Cotton, val 2 l. 2 s. the Goods of John Dale, in his Shop
            . Sept. 30
.


                  John 
                  Dale 
               



            . My Shop is in Skinner-Street


 . On Monday the 29th of September, I had some pieces of Cotton brought home from the Calender's, and missed them out of the Shop on the Thursday following. I went out to see after them, but could not find them; I blamed some People that I have in the House, and making a Noise about them, I was told on the Friday Morning that one of my Pieces were in a Shop in White-Lyon Yard, bought for 8 s . which we never sell for less than 16, and there I found it. I took up the Prisoner on Suspicion, and charged her with the Fact; I asked her where the other 2 Pieces were; at first she denied that she knew any thing of them, and that she bought this Piece which I found, of one Cross; but at last, she said it I would go out with her, she would tell me where they were, and said that they were pawned at two places. When she was before the Justice, she confessed that she came into my Shop, and asked for some Checque for a Gown, that we could not agree about the Price, and when I turned my Back, she took these 3 Pieces of Cotton off the counter. I found the other two Pieces according to the Prisoner's Directions, pawned in the Name of Britannia Wood. She said if I would let her go I should have my own again; I was apprehensive that I had lost a great many more things, so I made her no Promise of Favour. This Letter I received from her while she was in New-Prison; she told me she sent it.
The Letter was read.
'' To Mr John Dale, opposite the five Canns '' in Skinner-Street. New-Prison, Octob. 7, 1740
'' Good SIR,
'' I beg Pardon for the crime I have committed '' against you, and the Reproach I have brought '' upon my Family. Good Sir, be favourable to '' me; consider my unhappy case at present, hoping '' the God of all Mercies will prosper you '' Night and Day, which is the Wish of '' Your afflicted Prisoner, '' Britannia Wood.''
A Woman. The Prisoner brought these three Pieces of Cotton to my House, I asked her the Price of one of them, she said it was 2 s. per Yard; I took one, and was either to pay for it, or return it on Saturday, but on Friday Mr Dale found it in my House.


                  Mary 
                  Turner 
               



            . She brought one Piece to me, and I lent her 6 s. on it; I deliver'd it to the Prose-cutor.



                  Jesse 
                  Byrom 
               



             . The Prisoner brought one Piece to my House, I lent her 6 s. 6 d. on it, and I deliver'd the same to the Prosecutor .
A Witness. I took one Piece from Mrs Turner's , and one from Mr Byrom's ; that is all I have to say.
Prisoner . I beg the Mercy of the Court; I have no Friend now, they will be here to-morrow. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


