





*. 15. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Bibby 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Great Coat, Value 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Skep 
                  




                
            , November the 14th
.
* Sarah Bibby, tho' hardly 24 Years of Age, is an old Thief. She was Evidence in last May Sessions against 
               
                  Henry 
                  White 
               



            , a notorious Thief, as Principal, and against 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Soames 
               



            , as an Accessary in receiving the Goods, knowing them to be stolen. See Sessions-Paper, Number iv. Page 107. Trial 202 Also in the same Sessions, she was Evidence against 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Stavenaugh 
               



            , alias Howel. See Session Paper, Number v. Page 147, Trial 264. These were convicted on her Evidence. She hath likewise been Evidence against little Boys, her Accomplices.



                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Skep 
               



            .) What Business are you of?


                  Richard 
                  Skep 
               



            . Music; I am of the City-Waits, of Faringdon-Ward. On the 14th of November I came Home about four o'Clock in the Morning, and put my Coat upon the Closet-Door; I laid down, and got up in the Morning, and went to my Mother's, to lie down four or five Hours to refresh myself, that I might go out the next Morning again: But when I came Home to look for my Coat, my Coat was gone; and I sent my Wife to the Pawnbroker's, and there I found the Coat; and I gave three Shillings and a Penny before I could have it; and he (the Pawnbroker) said there was another Woman with the Prisoner at the Bar, and the Prisoner bid her go back and fetch my Hautboy.
- Butcher. The Coat was brought to my House the 14th of November at seven at Night. I asked her (the Prisoner whose Coat it was? and she said that her Sister sent her with it, and that it was her Brother's Coat.
Q. Do you know her Sister?
- Butcher. She has pawn'd Things at my House; she has come from her Sister two or three Times.
Prisoner. Had nothing to say in her own Defence. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


