





44. 
               
                  Jasper 
                  Godby
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a Handkerchief
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Collin 
                     Innys 
                  




                
            . January, 10
.


                  Collin 
                  Innys 
               



            . On Friday the 10th Instant, just as the Back Gate of the Royal Exchange was shut up, I was talking with a Gentleman. 
               
                  Moses 
                  Elias 
               



             pointed to the Man that had taken my Handkerchief, which, and another, we took out of his Bosom; my own Handkerchief he did not dispute, but said the other was his own. We took him into the Constable's House, that belongs to the Exchange: We search'd him and found three more Handkerchiefs in his Pocket.
Q. What is your own Handkerchief worth?
Innys. It cost 2 s.

Joseph Threadcall. On the 10th Instant, at half an Hour past two, just as the Change-Gate was shut up, a Gentleman came in to enquire for the Constable; I told him I was one, and Mr. Innys charg'd me with the Prisoner, and desir'd me to search him; I took a Tobacco-Box and four Handkerchiefs from him; and we had him before Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ladbroke 
               



            .
Q. What Account did he give of these Handkerchiefs then?
Threadcall. He made tristing Excuses, that he had found them.


                  Moses 
                  Elias 
               



            . Please you, my Lord, I see how the Prisoner pick'd the Gentleman's Pocket as he was talking to another.
Q. Could you see the Handkerchief?
Elias. I saw him take the Handkerchief out of the Pocket.
The Prisoner said in his own Defence, that he found all these Handkerchief wrapp'd up in a Bundle. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


