





72. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Broxton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Pebble Snuff-box, with a Gold Rim and Hinge, Value 7 l.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Barron 
                  




                
            , Esq
; Jan. the 3 d





                  Richard 
                  Battman 
               



             . The Prisoner used to clean Shoes, and run of Errands for Mr Barron, and took an Opportunity of stealing this Snuff-box: He was suspected, and taken up, and owned he took it, and had sold it; the People he sold it to, took it to be Pinchbeck Mettle; they brought it to Colonel 
               
                  Deveil
               


            , and he owned the taking of it before him. [There was a Certificate * produced, under the Hands of the Minister and Church-Wardens of the Parish of St George, Hanover-Square, dated the 22d of February, 1730, certifying, that 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Broxton 
               



             was baptiz'd there that Day.] 

               Guilty
            .
* An Infant, infra AEtatem Infantiae, viz. Seven Years old, cannot be guilty of Felony, whatever Circumstances, proving Discretion, may appear. If he be above Seven Years old, and under Twelve Years, and commit a Felony, in this Case, prima facie, he is to be adjudged not guilty, because he is supposed not of Discretion to judge between Good and Evil; yet if it appear by strong and pregnant Evidence and Circumstances, that he had Discretion to judge between Good and Evil, Judgement of Death may be given against him. - At Abingdon Assizes , 1629, 
               
                  John 
                  Dean 
               



            , an Infant, between E ight and Nine Years, was indicted, arraigned, and found guilty of burning two Barns in the Town of Windsor; and it appearing upon Examination, that he had Malice, Revenge, Craft, and Cunning, he had Judgment to be hang'd, and was bang'd accordingly.




               The Jury recommended him to the Court for corporal Punishment; but the Court was of Opinion, that it was doing the Boy a great Piece of Service to send him abroad
            .
