







7, 8. + 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Leekey 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Robinson 
                  



                
            , of St. Ann Westminster



, were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Malard 
                        



                      
                   in the night-time, and stealing a holland gown, value 20 s. two shifts, value 10 s. two cambrick aprons, value 10 s. two holland aprons, value 6 s. two shirts, value 12 s. and three waistcoats, &c. the goods of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Malard 
                     



                  ; a holland shirt, value 8 s. and a muslin neckcloth, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Purey 
                        Castor 
                     



                  , two pair of cambrick ruffles, value 2 s. an apron, value 1 s. four caps, value 4 s. and four handkerchiefs, value 4 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Stone 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Malard 
                     



, May the 3 d

.
9. And 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Cane , otherwise 
Lawrence




               
            , for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            , May the 4th

.


                  Francis 
                  Malard 
               



            . On the 3d of May, about 9 o'clock at night, my house was broke open, and I was robbed; I found the sash of the parlour window open about 9 o'clock at night.
Purey Castor. I lodged in Mr. Malard's house; I was robbed on the 3d of May; I was in the parlour about 8 o'clock, the windows were down and the blind up. I went into the parlour about an hour afterwards, and saw the mark of two men's feet, one person's foot upon the window, and the other's upon the rails before the house. - It was just dusk, hardly dark.


                  Ann 
                  Stone 
               



            . I was servant
 to Mr. Castor; I was robbed of some linen that night.


                  Joseph 
                  Uptabake 
               



            . - I have known Leekey about 14 or 15 months; he is a Jeweller
 by trade: on the 3d of May, between the hours of 8 and 9 in the evening, just at the enclosure of the day; - it was light enough, that you might discern a person's face almost cross the way, as it was a narrow street. As the prisoners were going by Mr. Mallard's house, Leekey saw some linen standing in a basket close by the window, called us back and shewed us the window, he lifted up the sash, took down the blind and went in at the window, took the linen out of the basket, tied it up in his apron, and handed it out to Robinson; I was on the other side of the way upon the watch; he came out at the window again; he said he would have opened the parlour door, and have come out at the street door, but there was a dog barking, and he was afraid he should disturb the house; then we went to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cane 
               



            's; she went likewise by the names of Lawrence and Lomax. The man she lived with, his name was Lawrence. She bought all these things, and gave us a guinea and a half for them. There were about 3 or 4 l. in money; most of it was gold, there were some half guineas, and the money was equally divided between us.
Q. Did you know Cane before?
Uptabake. Yes, and she knew us; she knew we got out money by thieving; when we went with any things she used to ask us what part of the town they came from, that she might not go there to sell them. - She asked us wha t part of the town these came from, and what we would have for them; we asked her a good deal more than we thought she would give us, because we knew she would give us little enough. - There was a white gown, some aprons, a white waistcoat or two, &c.


                  Mary 
                  Addington 
               



             - The prisoner used to follow Billingsgate; her business was to sell fish
. - I don't know that she dealt in any thing else; I never knew any thing but that she was an honest woman. Several other witnesses, who had known her a great many years, gave her the character of an honest woman. Cane, 

               Guilty
            . Leekey and Robinson were 


               acquitted of the Burglary, and found Guilty of the felony, to the value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


