





287+ 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , of Allhallows the Great


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard , val.6 l.2 Silver Salvers, val.8 l. a Silver Mug , val.30 s.4 Silver Spoons, val.30 s.3 Silver Tea Spoons, val.3 s. a Silver 
                     
                        Pepper 
                        Box 
                     



                  , val.8 s . a Pair of Woman's Shoes laced, val.2 s.6 d. a Holland Shirt, val.5 s. Half a Yard of Damask , val.2 s.6 d and a Cambrick Apron, val.5 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Paul 
                           Brown 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling House
            , June 14
.
Mr Brown. The Prisoner was my Servant
, and on the 14th of last Month, between 2 and 3 in the Morning she went away, and took the Plate, and Wearing Apparel out of my Dwelling-House.(The Prisoner mentioned the Particulars in the Indictment.) I keep a Tavern
; the Prisoner lived with me as a Cook
, and I missed the Goods out of my Bar. I had had Company in my House till 2 that Morning, and at 12 I bid her go to Bed. At 2 l went to Bed myself, after I had fastened the Door and Bars, and had seen all the Candles out. About 6 in the Morning, my Boy came up for the Key of the Vault, and asked if his Mistress had given the Maid leave to go out? She came down Stairs and found the Goods gone: Upon which I got up, and immediately took proper Methods to detect the Prisoner. I went to the Goldsmiths Company, and got Advertisements delivered to the Trade: and after I had taken all the Care that was necessary, Business calling, I went to Greenwich, and was fetch'd from thence by one of my Neighbours, who informed me the Prisoner was taken. As soon as I came to her, she made a Confession, and gave me the Half-pint Mug out of her Pocket, telling me where the rest of my Goods were, and the different Pawnbrokers where they were pledged. The large Salver was stopped, Mr Chambers has it now in Court, and it is mine. This 2 Quart Tankard she delivered to me herself out of her Box, and this Wearing Apparel, which I did not miss,'till I saw it in her Box. This Salver she pawn'd for a Guinea and a Half and there's the Pawnbroker's Mark upon it, which he will swear to. The second Time I went to her , I told her she had not given me all the Things I had lost, and then she gave me another of the small Spoons.


                  William 
                  Chambers 
               



             . This Salver was offered to me, by the Prisoner; but I not liking the Account she gave me of herself , I stopped it: upon which she told me she would fetch her Mother, and so went away . The next Day I saw the Advertisement, and gave Mr 
               
                  Brown 
                  Notice 
               



             of the Salver: He came, and I produced this Salver before Colonel De Veil , and he owned it.
Mr Brown . This Salver is mine.
Chambers. She wanted to borrow 6l. upon it; it was worth something more. I am positive the Prisoner was the Person who brought it to me, on the 14th of June.


                  Walter 
                  Creedon 
               



             ,(a Drummer.) On Saturday the 14th of June, I was at Work till late at Night, and then went to an Alehouse in Drury-Lane, to get 6 Pence of a Man who owed it me. When I came there he told me, he could have paid me, if I had come in the Morning, for he could have got something from a Woman, who had been there, and had committed a Robbery in Thames-Street


. I thought proper to enquire after this Woman, and got Intelligence where she lodged. I went into the House and enquired for the Woman who had brought in a Box; but I was informed she was gone out. I told the People, that she was a Serjeant's Wife in our Company, and that I was sent by her Husband to bring her Home, for she had taken away her Husband's Things. I bid a Man who was with me sit down, while I went into Thames-Street, to give Mr Brown notice. Mr Brown was out of Town; but a Neighbour of his came up with me, to swear to the Prisoner, and we all sat together till 12 o'Clock; and then she came in with a Watchman, who lit her Home. As soon as she got in, I laid my Hand upon her Shoulder, and charged her with a Robbery committed in Thames-Street. I asked her if the Goods in her Box were her own? She said yes: but I desired this Gentleman,(Mr Tarp,) who came from Thames-Street with me, to assist the Watchman, while I fetched another: and then we carried her to the Round-House. She said the Box was her's; the Silver laced Shoes, some Linnen, and the silver Tankard were in it, which she said were her own. There was 5 Guineas Reward offered in the Advertisement, for taking the Prisoner; I was the first Man that laid hold of her, and I asked my Colonel leave to come from the Camp, about the five Guineas.


                  John 
                  Tarp 
               



            . This Man, Creedon,(the Drummer) came to see for Mr Brown, but he being gone to Greenwich, I was desired to go with the Witness. He carried me to a House, in Thomas-street, where I found his Comrade waiting, and looking after the Box till we came. The Prisoner came in between twelve and one, in a hurry, and said she had like to have been knocked down in the Street. I said to her, Cousin! How do you do? Cousin, says she, I don't know you! That's very likely, says I, but do you know this Box? Yes, says she, why then you and I must be better acquainted; and so I bid the Watchman fetch a Constable. He refus'd, and asked me why I charged the Woman? I told him, I charged her for robbing her Master; then (says he) I charge you to assist. Upon this I bid the Drummer go and fetch a Constable, and I held his Sword while he was gone. When he came back, he told us the Constable ordered her to be brought to him. Then (says I) take one of you the Box on your Head; and do you take hold of the Woman; and I'll take the Lanthorn and follow, to see that she drops nothing; so we carried her and the Box to the Watch-house, where she refused to open it; but upon the Constable's telling her he would break it open, she gave him the Keys, and the first thing I saw was this Tankard. I knew it, for I have drank out of it several Times and upon a farther search into it, we found Mrs Brown's Shoes, Stockings, Aprons, and several Things. I know the Tankard to be Mr Brown's.
Mr Allen. On Saturday Morning, the 14th of June, the Prisoner came to my Shop with a Salver. I looked at it, and asked her whose it was? She told me it was her Mother's and that she knew of her bringing it. What is your Mother's Name? 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis 
               



            . What is your Name? the same. Where does your Mother live? In Gracechurch Street. Then I asked her what she wanted upon the Salver? She told me,- a Guinea and a half, which I lent her upon it, and she went away. But as soon as I saw the Advertisement, I carried the Salver to Mr Brown's House, and gave it his Wife. This is the Salver I took in from the Prisoner.
Mr Brown. This is one that I miss'd.
The Prisoner in her Defence, pleaded that her Master was very fond of her, and bid her not mind her Mistress, who was jealous of the Intimacy between them. And after she had told a long Story to this Purpose,(no Part of which, she could prove by any Witness, she insisted upon it, that her Master ordered her to pack up the Plate and go over with it to France; that accordingly she carried off the Goods, but her Mind altering, and she not being willing to go to France, pawned the Goods, that he might have the Trouble of redeeming them for his Pains; and that she intended to have sent her Mistress Word where the Goods were pledged.
Mr Tarp in Contradiction to this Story deposed, that Mr Brown complained to him the same Morning the Robbery was committed, about 7 o'Clock, that the Prisoner was run away , and had robbed him of his Plate.
Mr Brown farther deposed, that he had heard of this Story the Prisoner had raised ; upon which he took Mr Tarp with him to Newgate, and taxed her with being the Author of this Report: and she then declared, that whatever she might have said of this kind, was false and groundless.
Mr Tarp confirmed Mr Brown's Evidence, in this Respect.
The Prisoner denied she had seen either Mr Tarp or Mr Brown while she was in Newgate , but they both proved to the contrary; and both deposed, that when they saw her there, she had pawned an Apron for Garnish-Money , which Apron proved to be her Mistress's , and Mr Brown paid three Shillings for it.
The Prisoner owned she had pawned the Apron, and said her Master paid but a Shilling to redeem it.
Mr Brown added, that after the Prisoner was in Custody, she wrote him a Letter, informing him where she had pawned a laced Cap and a Hood, which were not missed, till that Information was received, but were then found according to her Directions. My Plate was worth 30 l. I could not replace it for 35 l. 


               Guilty 39s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


