





42. + 
               
                  Jane 
                  Morgan 
               



            , of St. Luke's


, was indicted for 


               stealing nine ounces and twelve penny weight of gold thread, value 4 l. sixteen ounces of gold and silver waste, value 4 l. and six ounces of silver thread, value 15 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Panton 
                     




                  , in his warehouse
            , Nov. 5
.


                  Richard 
                  Panton 
               



            . I live in Checquer-alley, White-cross-street


; I am a silver spinner
: the Prisoner living pretty near us, and being great with my daughters, came into the kitchen on the 5th of November to one of my girls, and asked her to go for a quartern of geneva: I missed these goods out of my warehouse, and enquired of my daughter, who had been there. She told me, the Prisoner had. I went in pursuit of her, and found her at a disorderly house in Beech-lane, on the 7th of Nov. between one and two in the morning. I asked her, what was become of my work? She said, she knew nothing of it. I said, yes, you do; you are a thief. At last she owned she took two bobbins weight nine ounces, and twelve penny weight of gold thread, and Stevenson delivered ten ounces of silver waste to me; but she had burnt a good deal of it - She said at first that she found it; but she said afterwards she had carried it back again, and hid it under a bench by my shed door.
Q. How do you know they were taken out of your warehouse?
Panton. Because when our people had done work, I locked up the warehouse door; and I am sure these goods were in the warehouse at that time, for I had but just made an end of them.


                  William 
                  Stevenson 
               



            . On the 7th of November, about seven in the morning, I took the Prisoner in Beech-lane; I had heard that Mr. Panton had been robbed, and I sent for him; at first she denied it, and before the Alderman she said, she had left some at her lodging in Beech-lane. I found ten or eleven ounces in a closet where she lodged.
Panton. The work was upon bobbins, marked with my own name. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


