





300. 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Bodemeyer 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Silver Tankard, Value 5 l. out of the Dwelling-House
             of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Burk 
                  




                
            , the 18th of July
 last.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Burk 
               



            ) Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar, 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Bodemeyer 
               



            ?
Burk. On the 18th of July the Prisoner came into my House, and call'd for a Pint of Beer ( at the Two Chairs the Corner of Warwick-Street, Charing-Cross


); two Gentlemen were drinking a Tankard of Beer at the same Table: These two Gentlemen went out and left the Tankard upon the Table; I know it, by reason they came to the Bar to me, and said, Burk, take Care of your Tankard.
Q. Did you see the Tankard after they were gone?
Burk. When I came to my Wife, I ask'd her if she had taken the Tankard; she said, No: She said Yes, at first.
Q. Did you see the Tankard after the two People had drank ?
Burk. I did not.
Q. Did you go backwards to carry any Thing?
Burk. I went out of the House to carry a Pot of Beer; when I came in again I miss'd the Tankard.
Q. Was the Prisoner at your House when the Tankard was miss'd.
Burk. I know he took it away with him.
Q. Where did you find your Tankard again?
Burk. I found it under his Head in the Bed.
Q. Where did the Prisoner lodge?
Burk. He lodg'd in Robin Hood's Court in the Strand.
[The Prisoner was a Foreigner, therefore answer'd by an Interpreter.]
Court. Mr. Interpreter, tell the Prisoner at the Bar, what this Witness has sworn, that he was at his House the 18th of July; that he took away a Tankard from thence; that they went to his Lodgings and found him in Bed with the Tankard under his Head: Now ask him what Questions he would ask Mr. Burk ?
Interpreter. He has no Question to ask but for Mercy.


                  John 
                  Lamburt 
               



            . The same Evening Mr. Burk brought me a Search Warrant, I went along with him to this Man's Lodgings, where we found nothing; after that I desir'd him to get out of his Bed, so between the Bed and the Sacking was found the Tankard.
Interpreter. He has nothing to say but that he begs for Mercy, and that he was drunk. Gentlemen, he tells you he is a Lieutenant in the Hanoverian Service
.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


