





203. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Perkins 
                  



               
             , of St Giles's Cripplegate


, was indicted for 


               stealing a green 
                     
                        Tabby 
                        Gown 
                     



                  , val . 5 s. a linnen Sheet, val. 5 s. a white dimitty Waistcoat, value 9 s. and a scarlet cloth Cloak, val. 6 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Jackson 
                  




                
             , Octob. 5
.
Samuel Jackson . I lost a Cloak, a Gown, a Waistcoat, and a Sheet and several other things, which we cannot swear to, because she deny'd them; but the Goods I have mentioned, were lost the Friday after Michaelmas last. I suspected the Prisoner had taken them, and hearing she was gone to Barnet, I sent after her, but could not find her till last Saturday was three Weeks, and then I accidentally li't of her in Chiswell-street, and taxed her with the Things - I can't say I mentioned every particular Thing, - I did mention some of them, and asked her if she had not stole them? She owned she had, and went with me to a Pawnbroker's, at the Angel and Anchor, at the Bottom of Grub-street, and asked for the Waistcoat and Sheet, in the Name of Perkins, and when the Pawnbroker told her, he did not remember them to have been pawned in that Name, she said it might be in her maiden Name, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Harrison 
               



            , but the Pawnbroker said, that was not the Name they were left in, so he would not produce them. Then the Prisoner carried me to another Pawnbroker's, at the Sign of the Tea-table, and asked for the Gown in the Name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Perkins 
               



            , or Mary Harrison; and the Gown being produced, I said it was mine, and desired the Pawnbroker to take care of it, till he heard farther from me. I afterwards went to this Man (at the Sign of the Tea-table) and asked him if he would let me have the Gown again without a Search-warrant? He told me, I should not have it either with, or without, a Warrant; upon which I got a Warrant, and searched the House, but, I suppose, he had made away with it, for I could not find it. The Prisoner at first said, she had only pawn'd the Cloak for a Smilling, and that my Wife had lent it to her; but she afterwards confess'd all the Things, and went with me to the Pawnbrokers where she had pledg'd them, - I can't say she told me how she came by them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Jackson 
               



             . The Prisoner lodg'd in our House, and lay with a Girl who is our Servant. The Things mentioned in the Indictment, were miss'd the fifth of October last, and I suspected the Prisoner to have stole them, because she said she was going to receive some Money of a Gentleman at the Half-Moon-Tavern, and should return in half an Hour, but she never came home any more. I had Occasion to look for a Cap for my Child, in about an Hour after she was gone out, and miss'd all the Things: nor could we hear any Thing of the Prisoner, till my Husband met her in Chiswell-street , and then she owned she had taken them, and I saw my Gown at the Pawnbroker's, but he would not let us have it, though it was brought down upon the Prisoner's asking for it. We likewise went with her to another Pawnbroker's, where she said she had pawn'd the Waistcoat and Sheet; but the People told her she did not ask for them in the right Name, and therefore they would not produce them: so we saw nothing but the Gown, and that we can't get. The Cloak (indeed) she had worn all the Winter, and it is not worth a Farthing now.
Prisoner. I had Occasion for a little Money , and so Mrs. Jackson lent me the Things to pledge.
Mrs. Jackson . I did not lend them to her. I don't know that ever she saw any of the Things, before she stole them, except the Cloak, and that I once lent her, when she was going to see a House in Spittle-fields, which she proposed to take, and keep a Cook's Shop.


                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



             . I have nothing to say but this, - I heard the Prisoner say, last Monday, that she had pawn'd the Things, which she had of Mrs. Jackson . She did not explain herself any farther, nor did I hear say, that Mrs Jackson had lent them to her. She own'd she had pawn'd the Waistcoat and Sheet at the Angel and Anchor .
Prisoner. You swear this! I wish my Friends were here, and then I would have your Ears for it. - Mrs. Jackson lent me the Things , and this Woman (Smith) did not hear one Word that I said to her. 

               Guilty
            .

The Pawnbroker, who refused to deliver the Gown, was sent for ; and, in Defence of his Behaviour, said, that he had shewn the Prosecutor the Gown, and tho' they did not find it with the search Warrant he did not prevent their finding it, for they searched where they pleased. The Court reproved him, and order'd him to restore it, which he promised to do directly.




[Transportation. See summary.]


