





626. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Dunfield 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rogers 
                        



                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, one pair of silver shoe buckles, val. 4 s. one pair of silver knee buckles, val. 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Blasfield 
                        



                      
                  , and 9 s. in monies numbered, the goods of the said Thomas did steal, take and carry away
            . Sept. 10
.


                  Thomas 
                  Rogers 
               



            . I set out on foot from London, in order to go to Wales, Sept. 10. about 7 or 8 miles out of London, the Prisoner was riding the same way; we fell into discourse together, he ask'd me where I was going, and who I was; I said, I was a Welchman from Mongomeryshire; he ask'd me where I had been, I said at London; he said, what have you been doing there? said I, paying a visit to a brother; he ask'd my brother's name, I said, 
               
                  William 
                  Rogers 
               



            ; he ask'd what business, I said, a master taylor; said the prisoner, he is a great friend of mine, he works for me, then I was very fond of his company; he complained that riding had made him very sore, and he rode on one side, as though he was hurt by riding; his horse had sweat very much: we came to a public house, the sign of the Adam and Eve, two Miles beyond Acton; the prisoner said, for the love I bear to your brother, I'll make you drink; he call'd for a pint of beer, ( before we came there, be put me on his horse, and he walk'd by on foot, I lik'd that very well,) I ask'd him how he came to be so very well acquainted with my brother; he, said he, meaning himself, was a master robe-maker. said I, are you the gentleman's brother that died lately, near Brook-street? Yes, said he, and added, your brother is making me a suit of mourning for my brother. Said I, pray Sir, what is my sister's name? How can I tell that? said he, and seem'd to frown upon me; then, said I, do you know my brother's fore-man's name, or any of the journeymen? He said, he did not: this conversation was after we was past the alehouse, and I walking by him on foot. We came to a little town call'd Hays; then he pull'd out 3 gold rings, and said he was a goldsmith, and was going to receive 4000 l. and told me if I had only 1000 l. it would make me a man for ever. So it would, said I; then we was within a furlong or two of the Angel in Hay's parish; and he would have had me buy these rings; I said, I had no knowledge as to the value of them, nor money to pay for them; said he, one is a diamond ring.
Q. Did you buy them?
Rogers. No, my lord, I did not; then he put his horse before me, and said, how much money have you got, saying, I want you to lend me 10.
Q. Did you lend him 10 s?
Rogers. No, my lord, I did not. Said he, I will have 10 s. of your money; I pull'd out my money, which was 14 s. and held it in my hand; he took 9 s. of it. and bid me keep the other 5; he let me go a little farther, then said, I will have the silver buckles you told me about, and do not make words; I pull'd them out, and he brought his horse up to me and wretch'd them out of my hand, in spight of my note, they were bought for 18 s. I had, in our conversation, told him of these, which I was carrying down, they were shoe and knee buckles. Then he rode off to the sign of the Angel, and I ran after him as hard as I could; before he got in at the house, I saw the Gentleman take his horse, and put him into the stable: he went into the house, and I after him, thinking to secure him, but my heart failed me; the prisoner bid me sit down, which I did; I eat with him, more for fear than good will.
Q. Why did your heart fail you?
Rogers. I was fearful he had more of his gang in the house. The man of the house ask'd him what his name was, he said, his name was Jibson; said I, notwithstanding you have denied your name before, I know your name now: hush, hush, said he, then he pull'd out money, and paid for what he and I had eat and drank; then I went out, and went forward to a heath, there I sat down, considering what to do, whether to go forward or return. In about an hour the prisoner came riding along, I jump'd up and took hold of his bridle, saying, let me have my money and buckles again, that you robb'd me of; he made out of the road, and turned into a long-lane. I still held fast by the reins of the bridle; he pull'd out a cutlass from under his right-side, and cut me cross the head, and also my clothes very much ( he shewed the scar about an inch and a quarter long near his right ear) I believe I kept my hold for about 40 yards, the horse running hard, and trampling on me: he got from me, and left me bleeding on the ground; then I came back to the road; some people said, here is a man that has been fighting; there came a coach, and I told the people what had happened, and beg'd I might ride behind the coach to London, which they granted; then I related the affair to my brother. In the prisoner's and my conversation, he had told me he was going to Uxbridge; I went to the house he had mentioned, where I was told, he had laid there the night the fact was done, and that he pull'd out the silver buckles, and put them in his shoes and knee; there I was informed he died the Oxford-arms in Tyburn-old; I went there on the 18th of the same month, and saw him coming up the street; I step'd into the house, and told a man, who assisted in taking him. We took him before a justice, where he confest the two pair of buckles was mine, saying I gave them him to carry, which I never did, and likewise that I lent him the money: he had the buckles in his shoes and breeches knees, from whence he took them, and gave them to me.
Questions from the Prisoner. Whether or no it was not the proposal of the prosecutor, to offer to lend me this money, while he was riding my horse, as I had told him I was short of money?
Rogers. I did not offer to lend him my money.
Q. Did not he bid me take another shilling, the time he was giving me the 9 shillings?
Rogers. No, I did not.
Q. Did I not offer to pledge a gold-ring for the money ?
Rogers. No, my lord, he did not; he wanted me to buy the rings, which was before he took the 9 shillings.
Q. Whether I did not pay 3 s. 3 d. for the prosecutor's beer and victuals at one house, and 15 d before?
Rogers. My lord, he did pay for me, both before and after the robbery.
Q. Did not the prosecutor appoint to meet me, at the King's-arms at Uxbridge, to have his things again?
Rogers. The prisoner did not appoint any such thing.
Q. My lord, it is strange the prosecutor should not apprehend me at the public house, and after that, should attempt it alone?
Rogers. I thought I stood a better chance with the prisoner by myself, fearing he had companions in that house.


                  William 
                  Rogers 
               



            , 
               
                  Michael 
                  Henningway 
               



             and James Price the constable corroborated what the prosecutor had said, as to owning the buckles and the taking and searching the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence. He gave me the things in care, saying they were safer with me than with him, the money he lent me; I gave him his dinner, and told him I would give him his money again the same night, or next morning at Uxbridge with the buckles, and we parted good friends. I did belong to the first troop of Horse-guards, and have been a soldier almost all my life time.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


