





61. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Standley 
                  



               
             , of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Trunk, value 1 s. eleven Caps, value 11 s. three pair of Cambrick Ruffles, value 3 s. a Silk Gown, value 40 s. ten Shifts, value 20 s. seven Aprons, value 10 s. two checked Aprons, value 2 s. two pair of Sleeves, value 4 s. a Cambrick Apron, value 2 s. a Velvet Hood, value 10 s. a Silk Hood, value 4 s. a laced Handkerchief, value 5 s. two Gold Rings, value 10 s. and eleven pounds in Money
            , the Goods and Money of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Sprightland 
                  




                
             , Nov. 17
.


                  Ann 
                  Sprightland 
               



             . I left my Trunk with the Goods and Money mentioned in the Indictment, at Green Hudson's House, where I lodged; I went to live in Spittle Fields as a Servant
, October 19. the Things were found upon the Prisoner, and the Money taken out of his pocket; I had my Things again, but the Money was left in the Justice's Hand.
Q. Did not you employ the Prisoner to carry this Trunk for you?

Sprightland . I have employed him to carry Things for me , but I did not employ him at this Time
Green Hudson . The Prisoner came to me the 16th of November (in Plumb Tree Court, Shoe Lane) and said Mrs. Sprightland sent him for her Trunk to carry into Spittle-Fields; I asked him, whether he had a Note for me to deliver it; he said, he had not; but knowing him to be a porter, I gave him the Trunk, helped him to cord it, and helped him down Stairs with it, and up upon his Shoulders; and instead of carrying it to Spittle-Fields , he carried it to Goodwin's Court in St. Martin's Lane, and made 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Mitchel 
               



             a present of a Gold Ring and a Cap - as he told me. The Trunk was brought to Col. 
               
                  DeVeil
               


            's by Mrs. Mitchel, who suspecting it to be stole, got a Warrant, and took the Prisoner up upon Suspicion ; then I was sent for, and Mrs. Sprightland . He confessed that he broke the Trunk open with a Hammer, and took out the Money and Rings, &c. The purse was produced by the Colonel, and delivered to the Prosecutor, in which was nine Guineas, three Half-Crowns, a Silver Penny, and two Gold Rings. 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


