





[Note: this edition of the Proceedings was misdated on the original title page. The correct dates for this meeting of the court are MAY 11, 12 and 13, 1749.]
335. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Griffin 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth great coat, value 10 s. and a leather hood, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barnard 
                  




                
             , April 18
.


                  John 
                  Barnard 
               



             . I was in the coach going on the back of the Exchange, and another man on my horse, my great-coat being fasten'd to the saddle with two straps where it was cut off.


                  John 
                  Nail 
               



             . I know the prisoner is the person that cut it off, and was found upon . I was present when he was search'd and found it upon him. We were coming to London, Mr. Bernard took a post-chaise and I rid his horse, when we came into Threadneedle-street


, I look'd back and all of a sudden the coat was cut off the horse I was upon; I saw a man run away across the street. I cried out, stop coach, I am robb'd, I got off the horse, and these two other witnesses brought the prisoner with the coat upon his arm .


                  George 
                  Birch 
               



            . Tuesday the 18th of April, about nine o'clock in the evening, my man and I were going home, having done the work, and betwixt the Ship-tavern behind the Exchange and Mr. Winman's punch-house, the prosecutor was in a coach , and the other witness on horseback: there was the prisoner on the off-side the horse, and another on the other side that cut the leather straps, and the prisoner took the coat and pushed by me under the plazzas ; he ran up Castle alley , and I follow'd him, and near the Popes head tavern I took hold of him , and carry'd him to the tavern and secur'd him; he had the coat under his arm, and the leather hood was in the pocket.


                  William 
                  Hillier 
               



             . His servant depos'd to the same effect.



               Guilty
             of Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


