





319. 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Saunders 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 2 Pistols, val.10 s. and 2 Pair of Leather Shoes, val.5 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willis 
                  




                
            , June 21
.
[Mr Willis being one of the Middlesex Jury, Mr 
                  
                     John 
                     Preston 
                  



                was sworn (upon this Trial) in his stead.]
Mr Willis. Those Pistols, and Shoes, I swear to be mine: I lost them the 21st of June, and hearing afterwards that a Thief was taken, I ask'd, if any Shoes were found upon him? I heard there was; and when I went to see the Shoes, I saw the Pistols in the Constable's Hands, and knew them to be mine.


                  John 
                  Pitham 
               



            . Some time ago the Prisoner hired a Horse of me, and there being a Dispute between us, about 10 s. for Horse-hire, I sent a dunning Lawyer to him, to make a Demand for the same, and after this he absconded from his Lodging. But on the 21st of June, he came to my House, and asked my Wife where I was? I happened to be in the Stable; and the Prisoner came to me, with these Pistols in the inside of his Coat, one on each Side ( in his Bosom , concealed under his Coat.) Well Friend, says I, what do you want with me? I tell you,(said he) your Lawyer and you, may wipe your A - s with the Writs,- D - mn you, I'll do for you. What will you do!- G - d d - mn you, I'll blow your Brains out - and out he pulled a cock'd Pistol, and presented it to my Breast. I told him, if I could not secure him by a Writ, I would send him to Goal for this, and I attempted to lay hold of him; but he fell back, and swore he would blow my Brains out, if I drew near him. But I seized him by the Collar, and got his Pistol. He denied his having any more about him, yet upon searching him, we found the other Pistol, and the Shoes, a Child's Frock, a Woman's Smock, and 3 Handkerchiefs. All which were taken out of his Pockets.


                  Thomas 
                  Mear 
               



             confirmed the former Witness.
Prisoner. I bought the Pistols, and the 2 Pair of Shoes; and being in Liquor, I came to Mr Pilham's House. If I had stole them, to be sure, I should not have come so near Mr Willis's House; for Mr Pitham and he live just by one another. And neither of the Pistols were charged when they took them.
Mr Pitham. But here are 4 Bullets, and several Parcels of Powder which were found in the Prisoner's Lodging.
A Witness. The Prisoner was a very honest Man, as far as I know,- I have nothing more to say. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


