





24. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Burgess 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Brass Candlestick
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Bullock 
                  




                
            , Nov 10
.


                  Isaac 
                  Bullock 
               



            . On the 10th of November, the Prisoner came into my House.
Q. Where do you live?
Bullock. I live in Holbourn


. She came to offer to sell two Spindles, with Brass Knobs to them. I being a Carpenter, I knew what they were.
Q. Did you buy them of her?
Bullock. She asked me a Shilling for them; I thought she had stolen them, and I refused to buy them. I had taken down a couple of new Candlesticks, and set them upon the Compter. I had several People in the Shop at the same Time when she was there; I refused buying them, so she goes out, I had a Suspicion she had stolen them, then I asked her what she gave for them; I stopped them, and said she would bring her Husband, or somebody, and give Proof that she honestly came by them, and she should have them again: When she went out again, my Wife missed the Candlestick, and I turned about and missed it too. Mr Miller was in my Shop, and when she came in again, Mr Miller turned up her Cloak, and she had the Candlestick tucked up under her Apron.
Q. Was she sober?
Bullock. I do not know, my Lord.
Q. to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Miller 
               



            . Do you live with Mr Bullock?
Miller. No, my Lord, but I was in the Shop when she came in, and all the Time she was there.
Q. Did you turn up her Cloak?
Miller. Yes, Sir, I turned up her Cloak, and it was at her Apron-string.
Court. Prisoner, what have you to say for yourself?
Prisoner. I was in Liquor.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


