






64. 65. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Welch 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Jones 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Richardson 
                        




                      
                  , about the Hour of 2 in the Night, and stealing 10 lb. of Tobacco, value 10 s. and 5 lb. of Pork, value 2 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Richardson 
                     



, Sept 10
.


                  Edward 
                  Richardson 
               



            . About the 10th of Sept. I was robb'd of ten pounds of Tobacco, and a piece of Pork; they were taken out of my Cellar, and the Brick work of the Window was broke down, big enough for a Man to enter. I can say nothing of the Prisoners.


                  Thomas 
                  May 
               



            . The 2 Prisoners and I broke open Mr. Richardson's Cellar-Window a Fortnight before Michaelmas-Day, and took ten pounds of Tobacco, and a Spring of Pork. They went into the Cellar, and gave me the Things out at the Window; the Tobacco we sold for 9 d. per lb. and divided the Money; and the Pork we eat.
Prisoner Welch. To shew the Villanies of this Fellow; he sent this Letter to the Prosecutor, that he knew nothing of it; it is not his own Hand, but his Worship wrote it.
Mr. Justice Chandler. I committed the 2 Prisoners; and as to the Fact, I know nothing; but every one who knows my Hand, will say this is quite different.


                  Richard 
                  Hornlow 
               



            . I have known Welch 14 Years; and never heard that he had a bad Character.


                  William 
                  King 
               



            . I have known Welch from his Infancy; - I don't know that ever he did any Body any Harm.
Both 


               acquitted of the Burglary, Guilty of the Felony, 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


