





374. + 
               
                  William 
                  Jones 
               



            , of St. Margaret Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing 3 cloth coats, value 40 s. a scarlet duffile waistcoat, value 10 s. a blue waistcoat, value 5 s. a pair of scarlet breeches, value 5 s. a pair of shag breeches, value 1 s. a linen gown, value 5 s. and 2 shirts, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Fryer 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  James 
                  Henley 
               



            , August 16
.


                  James 
                  Fryer 
               



            . I rent the ground-floor of Mr. Henley's house. The 16th of August. I went home about six o'clock in the afternoon, and found a pane of glass taken out of the back window, and the door open; and I lost all these goods. (I never had any of them again but one coat, which a woman brought to me, and said she found it.) I asked the neighbours, whether they saw any body carry any clothes away. They said, they saw 2 young fellows go up the yard between 4 and 5. I made enquiry, and described them; and the woman at the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear 
               



             at the new bridge at Westminster said she had seen two such men with clothes. - I had a suspicion of the Prisoner, because he had been at the horse-guards, about a fortnight before, with another man's wife, that he keeps company with, and she called him a house-breaking dog. - My wife sells fruit at the horse-guards, and happened to hear it.
Q. What are you?
Fryer. I am a wellwisher to a soldier - I am a horse-grenadier
. I enquired after the Prisoner, and found that he was impressed and carried to the Savoy. The Waterman, who carried the men over with the clothes, being very positive he should know them again, I desired him to go to the Savoy; and when he saw the Prisoner, he was positive that he was one of the men he carried over with the clothes. I got a warrant from a Justice of the Peace, and took him out of the Savoy. He acknowledged before the Justice, that he was aiding and assisting in carrying away the clothes; but that he did not go into the house. - He did not mention any particulars of the clothes he took away.
Prisoner. Did you ever see me before?
Fryer. I cannot say that I ever did.


                  John 
                  Knapp 
               



            . On the 16th of last month, about 5 o'clock in the evening, this 
               
                  William 
                  Jones 
               



             and another man along with him came to the new stairs at Westminster, and called oars to Pepper-Alley, and had a parcel of clothes loose upon their arms. - There was a scarlet waistcoat, a scarlet pair of breeches, a red coat, a pair of shag breeches; and the Prisoner had a shirt, or a shift, tucked into his bosom. I went with Mr. Fryer's wife to the Savoy, and saw the Prisoner. I am positive he is one of the persons I saw with the clothes.
Fryer. This answers the description of my clothes.
Knapp. He said, he was not in the house, but stood at the door, and took the things as the other man brought them out.


                  John 
                  Galley 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner from his infancy. He served his time with a barber and periwig-maker. I never heard a bad character of him.


                  Ann 
                  Yalden 
               



            . The prisoner served his time with me, and behaved very well. - He has been out of his time about four years, and has work'd journey-work at other places.


                  Richard 
                  Tomkins 
               



            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Seaton 
               



            , and 
               
                  David 
                  Wallington 
               



             have known him almost from his birth, and say he always had a very good character. 
               
                  Michael 
                  Player 
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Carpenter 
               



             have known him about 4 years, and give him the character of an honest man. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


