





332. 
               
                  
                     Johanna 
                     Baker , alias 
Frowen




               
             , of Allhallows the Great


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a Bed-quilt, val.10 s. and several other Things
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Low 
                  




                
            , April 24
.


                  Mary 
                  Low 
               



            . Thomas Low is my Husband; but he being abroad, the Prisoner lived with me in a Room in Allhallows Lane


, from whence I lost all the Goods mention'd in the Indictment, the 24th of last April. I suspected the Prisoner, because there was no one else in the House; and on her being taken up, she had my little Girl's Knot upon her Head,- the same she has on now. I asked her, how she could be so wicked as to strip my Room? She said I had entrusted her with them; and would fain have made it but a Breach of Trust; but I never entrusted her with my Goods.- I am a Pensioner of a Parish at the Three Cranes, and the Prisoner carried off my Goods, while I was at Market getting Bread for my Children. She was brought to me as a Lodger, on Sunday Night, and she stripped me of all I had on Thursday following, and left the Key of my Room under the Door. From that Time, I could not get Intelligence of her, till last Sunday was a fortnight, and then I heard where she was gone to lodge.
Prisoner. She has sworn as much as she can, and now see whether the next can swear better.- A Curse light on her when I am gone - like an old Bitch as she is.


                  Ann 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            . The Prisoner having robbed me on the 13th of March, I went with Mrs Low to take her; and we found her in Chick-Lane. She confessed she stole the poor Woman's Goods, and that she had pawn'd them at the upper End of Fee-Lane, by Saffron-Hill.
Low. She carried us to Higginson's, the Pawnbroker's, at Saffron-Hill, and told us the Petticoat was there; but the Quilt (she said) was sold outright to a Friend of her's in Hand-Alley, Bishopsgate-street, for 10 s. and the Brass Lamp was at the same Place.


                  Patience 
                  Bouchier 
               



            . The latter End of April the Prisoner came to my House, and said she had had a Fit of Illness, and must dispose of some Goods, which her Grandmother had sent her out of the Country: She asked me if I wanted a Quilt. I told her I wanted one for the Children's Bed, and she said she would fetch it out of pawn, and would shew it me. When I saw it, I told her it was too good for me, but she said, I should have it a Pennyworth; for if I would not buy it, she would sell it to the Brokers in the Fields. My Maid then said, I might as well buy it as the Brokers, so I asked her what she must have for it. She said -12 s. I bid her 10, and she took my Money; and put her Hand into her Pocket, and pull'd out a little Brass Lamp, telling me she would give me that into the Bargain. About 3 Weeks ago the Prosecutor came to enquire if I had not bought the Quilt? I did not deny it, but delivered it to the Church-Wardens, who were the Prosecutors.
Low. The Quilt she delivered them was mine.


                  Jonathan 
                  Raven 
               



            . I was charged with the Prisoner, and she owned she had stole the Goods, and some Pewter along with them, but the Pewter she said was sold, and we could not have it again.
Prisoner. I can't say but something of what they have said is true, some Lies, and there's an End on't. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


