





214. 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Wooley 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a Brussels Lace Handkerchief, a Damask Napkin, a Silver Spoon, a Silver Tea Tongs, and one long Lawn Apron
            , the Goods of 
               
                  Lucey 
                  Jones 
               




            , the 15th Day of March
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Lucey Jones ) What have you to say against the Prisoner at the Bar? Do you know her ?
Jones. She was my Servant
, and these are the Goods I produce, that she robb'd me of upon the 14th of March.
Q. What were the Things that she took? what are those Things in your Hand?
Jones. A Brussels Lace Handkerchief, a Damask Napkin, a Silver Spoon, Silver Tea Tongs, and one 
               
                  Lawn 
                  Apron 
               



            .
Q. And how came you by these Things again?
Jones. She brought them, my Lord; I sent for a Neighbour, and he made her believe he was the Constable; at last she told me she would bring the Things if I would forgive her.
Q. Did she go away when she robb'd you, or continue with you?
Jones. She continued with me 'till the next Day, my Lord.
Q. Then she continued with you when she produced the Things?
Jones. Yes, my Lord; she took them the 14th, and brought them the 15th.
Q. Where was it that she own'd she took them?
Jones. At my House, my Lord; I carried her before Sir Thomas the 15th of April.
Q. What Distance of Time in owning the Robbery, and carrying her before Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  De Veil 
               



            ?
Q. How came you not to carry her before some Magistrate before the 15th of April?
Jones. My Lord, I had forgave her, but she grew very bad: She went to one Mr. Lawrence, and took up two Gallons of Brandy in my Name, &c.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Will you have this Witness asked any Questions?
Prisoner. Madam, Did I not serve you very justly before? if I had had a Mind to have robb'd you, I could have done it every Day.
Jones. Please you, my Lord, she lived with me about five Years and a half ago, and the second Time I took her, she was not with me above a Week before she robb'd me.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  William 
                  Jones 
               



            ) What have you to say against the Prisoner at the Bar?
Jones. Mrs. Jones came to my House the 15th of March last, and desired me to come to her House, that her Maid had robb'd her; I went to Mrs. Jones about Eleven or Twelve o'Clock; when she open'd the Door, she said this is your Prisoner, you must take Care of her.
Q. What are you?
Jones. I was to make the Prisoner believe I was the Constable; upon that I said, young Woman, what made you rob your Mistress of a Silver Spoon, &c.? says she, I know nothing of it. I said, don't you know the Consequences of it? I would have you give your Mistress the Spoon, &c. and I will not have you before Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  De Veil 
               



            . At last of all she beckon'd to her Mistress, and went into the Passage, and her Mistress came in with wringing Hands, and said, here's my Silver Spoon, 'tis upon her, and the Tea Tongs that I knew nothing of.
Q. Was the Spoon produced?
Jones. Yes.
Q. Who produced it?

Jones. I can't say whether the Mistress or the Maid; the said she hoped her Mistress would be merciful, it was the first Fact, and she would never do the like again
Q. Was there any Thing further ?
Jones. Yes, a great deal; I told her to mention all, and her Mistress would be favourable to her.
Q. Were there any of these Things produced?
Jones. Yes, the Spoon, Handkerchief, &c.
Q. Did she say any Thing further? or have you any further Evidence against her?


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Would you have the Witness ask'd any Questions?
Prisoner. No, my Lord, I have no Questions to ask.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Mary 
                  White 
               



            ) What have you to say against the Prisoner at the Bar?
White. I accidentally came into Mrs. Jones's, the Prosecutrix.
Q. What was it you heard?
White. I heard her Mistress tell her to produce the Things, and she would be very favourable to her.
Q. Was there any Thing produced while you was there?
White. She produced the Napkin, Spoon, and Tea Tongs.
Q. Was there any Thing said after she beckon'd her out and came in again?
White. No, my Lord, but she begg'd that her Mistress would forgive her.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Will you ask this Witness any Questions ?
White. Did you hear of any Thing being asked about the Spoons?
Prisoner. I asked how many Spoons there were?
White. I said there were three in the Beauser; then the Prisoner said I shall have a sad Haliobiloo, for there are but two.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  John 
                  Webb 
               



            ) What have you to say upon this Occasion ?
Webb. I know nothing of this Robbery, but I heard her confess it before Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  De Veil 
               



            : I only went with this Gentlewoman as an Acquaintance of her's
Q. Was there any Promise made to her to produce that Confession?
Webb. None, as I heard of.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner ) Now is your Time to make your Defence?
Prisoner. If I had had a Mind to rob my Mistress, I could have done it every Day.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner ) Have you any Witnesses?
Prisoner. No.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


