





654. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Killegrew 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint cup, val. 20 s. one silver waiter, val. 20 s. one silver milk-pot, one silver pepper-box, one pair of silver tea-tongs, three silver spoons, and 20 s. in money numbered, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Clark 
                        



widow
; four shifts and three aprons, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Craxton 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Clark 
               



            , March 5
.
Mr. Pain. I am a pawn-broker and live in Bow-street, Bloomsbury; on the 6th of March last, the prisoner at the bar offer'd a silver waiter and a silver pint cup to pledge, part of these goods: I had known her some years; but she appeared not so credible as before I had known her; I would not lend her any money upon them; she said she was sent with them by a person of repute; I told her if she did not bring me the person I would not advance any money upon them; she went to fetch the person, and in the interim I had notice sent me from Goldsmith's hall about these things being stole; she got off then, and I never saw her since till last Friday, when she brought me some camblet. I stop'd the prisoner, and she confess'd she had committed this robbery; we have found the waiter; it was sold to a silver-smith in Westminster, and the cup he had melted down.


                  William 
                  Comington 
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Craxton of Tottenham-high-Cross, I know this waiter is his property; Mrs. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Clark 
               



             was matron of the work-house belonging to Mr. Craxton; I was going the 4th of March to take care of my horses; when I came to the gate of the work house, I saw the door open; this was in the grey of the morning. I went into the yard and call'd Mrs. Clark; she got up and came to the window, I told her the door was open; she put on her things and offered to come down, but the stair-foot door was buttoned fast; she went up again and directed me to a door where I might enter, and let her out, which I did; as soon as she came into the kitchen, she opened a little cupboard, and said, she was robbed; then she found the prisoner was gone. I carried the paper to be printed, and to be distributed from Goldsmith's-hall, of the contents of the goods, &c.


                  James 
                  Cessil 
               



            . I am constable, I live opposite Mr. Pain's; he sent for me this day seven-night, I took charge of her; she made a voluntary confession of the fact, and I saw her sign it.
Prisoner. It is the first fact I ever did, I have nothing else to say.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


