





430. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barker 
                  



               
            , of St. Stephen Coleman-street


 , was indicted for 


               stealing three books, value 15 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           King 
                        




                      
                  , two ivory handled knives and forks, value 18 d. and an ivory handled penknife, value 12 d. the goods of persons unknown
            , October 11
.


                  Thomas 
                  King 
               



            . Last Thursday about four o'clock in the afternoon I lost these three books from my shop window in Moorfields


. - A man who sits at my door with fruit, told me the Prisoner had taken some books off my shop window; when I went to secure him he drew a knife at me and offered to stab me with it; the books were taken out of his bosom.


                  Alexander 
                  Henderson 
               



            . I sell fruit just by Mr. King's shop; I saw the Prisoner lay himself over the shop window, and he seemed as if he had been a little in liquor. I did not much like him, so I watched him and saw him put two books into his bosom. I did not interrupt him at all, and presently he took a third and went away. Then I left my stall and took hold of him, and said he must come back with me. I carried him to Mr. King, and said, Mr. King, here's a customer for you, and took these three books from him: then he began to be very obstreperous and fell a beating me, but I did not mind that, for he had not strength enough to hurt me; and as I was going out of the shop he drew his knife to stab Mr. King: Then I went in again and he tried to bite me, and tried to bite every body; then we tied his arms, and he kicked like fury and swore most desperately, and said, You old rogue, if ever I am let loose again, I'll be the death of you and your wife too.
Q. How came you by these knives?
Henderson. I felt something about him, and took these knives out of his pocket; I searched him farther, and took 3 s. 6 d. and five pennyworth of halfpence out of his pocket, and then he cried he was robbed. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


