





67. 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Jewks 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing (in the exercise of his office) one pound weight of tea, value 14 s.
             the>property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Blackwell 
                  




                
            , Druggist
, December the 5th
.


                  Samuel 
                  Blackwell 
               



            . About a month ago, I missed some tea out of a six pound canister. I asked my journeyman if he had sold any of it, he said he had not; my little son said, I am afraid the officer
 has robbed you, for I heard the head of the canister taken off. I then said, I would try whether he was an honest man or no, so we weighed our tea and some bails of coffee; and when the Prisoner came, as I was forward, I thought I heard the canister's head go off: so I says to the journeyman, I want to see how much tea is in those canister; and as he weighed them I looked at him, and he shook his head; I said is my tea right? he said, no sir; so I caught hold of the Prisoner and sent for the constable, and took the tea out of his pocket.


                  John 
                  Davi 
               



            . I am a constable. I with the porter took the tea out of the fellow's pocket, and this is the very same tea.
Q. What did the Prisoner say ?
Davi. He was very sorry for it, and said, it was the first time, he was in an agony and said, the devil was in him, and he did do it.
Q. to the Prisoner. What have you to say by way of defence ?
Jewks. I have some friends to call.


                  Henry 
                  Stephens 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner nine or ten years, and never knew any ill of him in my life.


                  Joseph 
                  Townshend 
               



            . I have known the man some years, and never heard any thing amiss of him.


                  Mark 
                  Jenkins 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner at the bar fourteen or fifteen years, and have dealt with him seven years; I never knew any thing of him in any shape, but what was very honest. In the last bill he discovered a mistake to my prejudice.


                  Obadiah 
                  Wright 
               



            . The Prisoner has dealt largely with me in the wholesale way, I believe he was in the Excise before I knew him, he was one that always bore a good character.
There were many more to the Prisoner's character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


