





81. 
               
                  Ann
                   (the 
                  wife
 of William) Castle



             of St. John the Evangelist


 was indicted for 


               stealing a camlet riding-hood, val. 3 s. a woman's silk gown, val. 5 s. a mob made of linen and lace, val. 18 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Dobbs 
                        



                      
                  ; 2 copper pottage-pots, and a copper cover, a pewter dish, a bell-metal skillet, and a pair of cloth breeches, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Dobbs 
                        



                      
                   in his dwelling-house
            , June 14
.


                  Mary 
                  Dobb 
               



            's. The Prisoner was employ'd as a chair-woman
 at our house in Fry-street


, Westminster, and while I was out of town she took an opportunity to steal these goods. When I came home I charg'd her with stealing them, and she own'd the fact, and said she had given them to one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Emmery 
               



            , who is since dead, to paw for her.


                  Richard 
                  Larthrop 
               



            . As to the stealing of the goods, I can say nothing at all, but upon search they were found at two neighbouring pawn-brokers, and they being carried before a magistrate declar'd they had the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Emmery 
               



            . Upon this, Emmery's examination was taken, and put into the hands of a person who has since had the misfortune to wound his servant, and is obliged to abscond.
Prisoner. The key of the house was left to other people, who might commit the robbery as well as me.
The Jury found the Prisoner 


               guilty to the value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


