






490, 491. + 
               
                  Mary
                   (the 
                  Wife
 of Thomas) Mills



             , and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hall 
               



              , of St George's Bloomsbury



 , were indicted for 


               stealing 12 Yards of printed Cotton, val. 20 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        Catherine 
                        Cunningham 
                     




                   , in her Shop
            , October 16
.
Catherine Cunningham. I keep a Shop
 in Bloomsbury


. On Thursday last, about 3 in the Afternoon, this 
               
                  Mary 
                  Mills 
               



            , and another Woman who is not taken, came to my Shop to buy a Yard and half of Cotton, for a child's frock; they were very difficult to please, but at last bought some, and paid for it. The Woman, who bought the cotton, had not Money enough to pay for it, but borrowed a Shilling of Mills; first they disputed about the Price, and were going away, but came back again, and found an Opportunity to take this piece of cotton away. I had shewn them this very piece among others, and did not miss it 'till the Prisoner Hall was brought back; Mills was taken at the Door, but the other Woman crossed Bloomsbury-Market, and got off. The next Witness, observing what had passed, went after them, and took Hall with my Goods in her Apron.


                  Mary 
                  Cresswell 
               



            . I keep an Herb-Stall opposite to Mrs Cunningham's , and saw the Prisoner Mills, and another Woman, in the Shop, looking over divers Goods, and seemed to be very difficult: they both came out of the Shop, made a Stand, and went back again, the other Woman towards the Shop-Door, and Mills went towards a Gateway. The Prisoner Hall was then standing on the other Side of the Way; Mills beckoned to her to go under the Gateway; she did so, and Mills followed her; Hall immediately held up her Apron, Mills turned something into it, and went back to the Shop to the other Woman, who still remained there. Hall was going off, but I slipped after her, took hold of her, and said, she must come back with me; she asked me what she must go back for, I said, she had got something in her Apron, she said, she had not; so I took hold of her Apron, and found this piece of cotton in it, before several Neighbours. I carried her back to the Shop, and saw the Prisoner Mills waiting at the Door for the other Woman, a Constable was sent for, and the 2 Prisoners secured, but the other Woman walked away.
Prisoner Mills. Ask her if I offered to go away.
Cresswell . No; but I saw her put the cotton into Hall's Apron.
Mills. I was going out with my Goods on Thursday Morning, and met this Hall, and another Woman, one that buys and sells in the Fair as well as myself; she asked me to go with her to buy a Bit of Linnen for a Frock, and desired me to lend her a Shilling to pay for it; I can say no more.
Hall. I was newly come out of my Time, so I went to get me a Place; I met this Woman (who is gone off) in Holbourn, and she hired me, and said, that she bought and sold old cloaths. She went into this Shop, and brought out this thing to me, and when Cresswell came up to me, to ask me what I had got, I told her, nothing but what my Mistress had given me. - I have not one Friend to come near me, to speak for me. Both 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


