





100. 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Burk 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 10 lb. of Tallow Candles
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     George 
                  




                
             .


                  Q. 
               


            (to George) Give an Account of what you know of the Prisoner at the Bar.
George . On the 1st of February
, the Prisoner at the Bar came to my Shop and stole some Candles. my Wife miss'd some, she thought, about 7 lb. the Night before. Some Time after, this Woman came for a halfpenny Candle. My Wife miss'd some Candles that were hung upon the Pegs; upon which she found 6 lb. under her Apron. We ask'd her hour she came by them. She declar'd she bought them in St. John-Street.
Q. Can you swear with any Certainty that these are your Goods?
George. I am certain they were, they were fresh made Candles. The Prisoner's Husband was question'd about the Candles, and said, when we went to his House, if there were any Candles they were ours; where we found 4 lb. more Candles , which I knew to be ours .



                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Anne 
                  George 
               



            ) What do you know of this Matter?


                  Anne 
                  George 
               



            . My Lord, On Saturday Night I had nobody in the House but myself and little Girl. a Customer in the Neighbourhood sent for some Candles, and said they must have them then. When I came home I miss'd several Pounds of Candles . I found the Prisoner in the Shop for a halfpenny Candle. I turn'd aside her Cloak, and found 6 lb. in her Apron.
Negro, Constable. I took charge of her Saturday Night : When I came, the Candles were taken out of her Lap; which Mrs. George declar'd were her's .
Q. But what do you know of your own Knowledge, of the Prisoner at the Bar?
Constable. She could not tell on what Side of the Way in St. John-Street, the Man she bought them of , liv'd, nor whether he was a tall Man or a short Man that serv'd her.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) What have you to say for yourself?
Prisoner. If the Court will give me corporal Punishment for it, I shall be very much oblig'd to them .




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


