





287. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Strong 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 14th of July
, one Pair of Stays, value 4 s. one Pair of Sheets, value 3 s. two linen Aprons, value 5 s. one copper Saucepan, value 3 s. two linen Handkerchiefs, value 2 s. one Pair of Spectacles with silver Rims, value 5 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Lisset 
                  




                
            .


                  Mary 
                  Lisset 
               



            . The Prisoner goes by the Name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Strong 
               



             ; she came into Baldwin's-Gardens


, and she broke open my Door, up two Pair of Stairs forwards.
Q. What Time was this?
Lisset. On Tuesday, between 4 and 5 in the Afternoon.
Q. When you came home were these Things missing?
Lisset. Yes, Sir, I was sent for home when she was taken.
Q. What did you find upon her?
Lisset. She had the Spectacles upon her, which she denied all along.
Q. Have you got your Things again ?
Lisset. The Constable has some of them.



                  Henry 
                  Sidney 
               



             . I live in Baldwin's Gardens ; all that I have to say is this, that I heard a Person cry out stop thief , and I saw the Prisoner run with a Bundle under her Arm.
Q. Where was the Prisoner when you first saw her?
Sidney . The Prisoner was by Mr Wilson's Door, the Pawnbroker , in Baldwin's Gardens .
Q. Had the Prisoner any Bundle with-her?
Sidney. She had a Bundle, but what it was I can't tell, it was about 200 Yards from 
               
                  Mary 
                  Lisset 
               



            's, the Bundle was thrown down the Step, I saw her throw down the Bundle.
Q. Who took up the Bundle?
Sidney . It was a young Lad to the best of my Memory, that belongs to Mr Wilson the Pawnbroker; I went with the Prisoner before the Justice, and she had nothing about her I think but the Spectacles.
Q. Had she a copper Saucepan when she was taken?
Sidney. She threw that down.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Burton 
               



             . I live in the same House that 
               
                  Mary 
                  Lisset 
               



             does; I was at home by myself, and I thought I heard a Noise in 
               
                  Mary 
                  Lisset 
               



            's Room ; and as I went up, this Creature ran down with a Saucepan in her Hand, and a Bundle.
Q. Are you sure the Prisoner at the Bar, was the Person that ran down?
Burton . I am sure of it, and she ran away with a copper Saucepan in her Hand.
Q. Had she the Bundle when she was taken?
Burton. She had the Bundle in her Apron, but she tossed it away ; there was a Piece of Iron that we believe she broke the Door open with, she dropt that before the Justice.
Q. Did she deliver any thing to the Prosecutrix before the Justice .
Burton . The Spectacles she delivered.


                  William 
                  Mann 
               



            . I am Headborough , I was charged with Prisoner, and went with her before the Justice; she first deny'd the Things , but she afterwards owned them; there was a Bit of Iron she dropt before the Justice; we asked her what she had dropt, and she said nothing at all.
The Prisoner said in her Defence, that she never was in the Place in her Life, neither did she know where it was.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


