





495. + 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Neale 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three Gold Rings, value 40 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Bennet 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , Sept 28
.


                  Edward 
                  Bennet 
               



            . I am a Goldsmith
 on London-Bridge


. On the 28th of September the Prisoner at the Bar came to my Shop to buy a Gold Ring: She pulled a Ring off her Finger, and said she wanted a larger than that; I showed her one, and then I showed her two more; she had one visible in her Hand, and out of those three she conveyed two away. - When I missed one of the Rings, I put two more upon the Counter, and said I was sure one of them would do; when I put them upon the Counter, I was not sure whether the other was gone or no; I was a little surprized; and I put two more upon the Counter, and said to myself, I will see what will be the Event of this. I took particular Notice of her, and saw her put her Hand up to her Mouth; with that I clapped my Hand upon her Wrist, and said, Child, you have got three of my Rings, and I will have them before you go; my Wife was above Stairs, but hearing a Noise in the Shop she came down Stairs, said I, My dear, do you go on the other Side of the Counter, and take hold of her other Hand; which I bid her do, least the Prisoner should convey them away; said I, They are either in her Mouth, or in her Bosom; then the Prisoner said, If you will not expose me, I will give them to you. I bid my Wife take her backwards and search her; which she did, and found the three Rings upon her; they were concealed in her Bosom. - I am sure they are my Rings; - When I missed the first Ring I was afraid of being mistaken, and was willing to be sure before I challenged her, and that made me lay two Rings upon the Counter.
Mrs Bennet. Hearing a Noise in the Shop, I came down Stairs, and my Spouse told me the Prisoner had got some of his Rings, and he bid me go on the other Side of the Counter, and take hold of her Hand; I took hold of her Hand, and she seemed to be in a great Surprize, and said she had none of the Rings, said I, You must have them, and it does not signify any Thing your denying it; she seemed to want to go backward, and said, If I would go back with her she would give them to me. She put her Hand into her Bosom and pulled one of the Rings out, and gave it to me; I said she had got more; she put her Hand in again, and said she had got no more: Mr Bennet put his Head into the Entry and said, She has got three; with that I put my Hand into her Bosom and took out two more, and gave them to Mr Dobson.
Dobson. I am a Hosier and live over-against Mr Bennet's; seeing a Croud about the Door, I went over and asked what was the Matter; says he, There's a Woman has taken three Rings, she is backwards with my Wife; Mrs Bennet had just taken the Rings from the Prisoner, and she delivered them to me.
Q. Was the Prisoner out of the Shop?


                  Edward 
                  Bennet 
               



            . No, she was not, because I held her, and would not let her go out.
Q. What did she go backwards for?
Bennet. She went backwards, to deliver the Rings to my Wife.


                  Benjamin 
                  Champion 
               



            . The Prisoner lived with me three or four Months.
Q. How long is it since she lived with you?
Champion. About three or four Months; I never had any Suspicion of her Dishonesty; she has been in my House every Week since she went away, 'til she was under Confinement.
Q. Upon what Account did she go away?
Champion. She went away, because she was not strong enough to do our Business; the Prisoner always behaved in a very handsome modest Manner; she is a young Creature; I hope the Court will be tender of her Life.
Q. What Age is she?
Champion. She was twenty-one Years of Age the Day she was committed.


                  Miles 
                  Dalton 
               



            . The Prisoner lived with me near twelve Months, about three Years ago, and behaved in a discreet modest Manner; my Wife had an extraordinary good Character of her; she was a very young Creature; then she was about seventeen Years of Age, and behaved exceedingly well; I never heard any Thing to the contrary of her since, but that she was a prudent modest discreet Girl; and her Family prudent modest discreet People; I believe it is the first Time that ever she had any Imputation of any Thing of this kind.


                  Zachariah 
                  Ingram 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner for three or four Months past, she lodged in my House; and all the Time her Behaviour was modest, pretty, and discreet; she was a good Companion to my Wife; she behaved so well, that I could have trusted her with any Thing.
- Macguire. When she was out of Place she worked for me, and brought her Work home very carefully and honestly.


                  Ann 
                  Presgrove 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner about six Months, and know her to be a very honest Person; I never heard any Harm of her.
Q. How did you come acquainted with her?
Presgrove. I knew her by her coming to her Sister's; her Sister lived in a House of my Father's. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


