





86. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Jennings 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling House, of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gregory 
                        



                      
                  , about the Hour of 12 in the Night, and stealing a Copper Pot, Two Copper Saucepans, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Stancliff 
                        



                      
                  , 2 Saucepans, 1 Tea-kettle, 2 pair of brass Scales, 7 lb. of Lead, a 3 qrs. lb. wt. a Pocket Bottle, tipp'd with Silver, 1 pewter spoon 18 pewter Plates, 1 Gridiron, 2 live Fowls, 1 brass Cover, 2 Linnen Table Cloths, a Circingle for a Horse, a Hat, a pewter Pot, a pewter Salt, a Runlet, and 6 Quarts of Geneva
            , the Goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Gregory 
               



            , Dec. 2




                  John 
                  Gregory 
               



            . On the 3d of December, I made my Doors fast, and went to Bed, and between 3 and 4 in the Morning I was called up and found my House broke open, and robb'd of the Goods mention'd in the Indictment.


                  William 
                  Atley 
               



            . I happen'd to hear that one Coates had made his Escape out of Newgate, and was desired to search for him. Accordingly I went to the Prisoner's Room, and found these Plates, and a great Saucepan; she immediately ran down Stairs, and we did not light on her for two or three Days. I shew'd these Things to Mr. Gregory and he own'd them. When I found these Things in the Prisoner's Room, she said there was a 2 Gallon Cag, but that she had drank all the Gin, and burnt the Cag for Fear it should rise up in Judgement against her. She said she had sold a great Portage Pot, a Sauce pan, for 4 s. 6 d. at the Green Cannister in Grub street, and there I found them.


                  Mary 
                  Richards 
               



            . I had these Goods of the Prisoner, and deliver'd them into Mr. Atley's Hand.


                  Mary 
                  Berwell 
               



             I lent the Prisoner 2 s. on this Tea-kettle, and 8 d. on the Saucepan.
Prisoner. I own I sold these Things, but I know nothing of breaking the House, for the Goods were brought to my Room by Coates.




               Guilty, Felony only to the Value of 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


