





139. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gray 
                  



               
            , of St. Martin in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing one Guinea
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Palmer 
                  




                
            . Jan. 27
.


                  Edward 
                  Palmer 
               



            . The Prisoner is my Apprentice
, he took a Guinea out of my Drawer, with a false Key. This is the Key I took out of his Pocket; I tried whether it fitted the Drawer before Colonel De Veil, and it opened the Lock as well as my own. On the 26th of January, I was called out about Ten o'Clock at Night. I had then in my Pocket, nine Guineas and an Half, a Three Pound Twelve, and some Silver; says I, it is too late to take this Money out with me to Night, and gave my Wife nine Guineas, and a Three Pound Twelve Piece, to take Care of; and she did not put it into the Drawer till the 27th: That Morning, between seven and eight o'Clock, the Child said he heard the Door unlock, which made a prodigious squeaking; and told my Wife, the Boy had been in the Room: I did not miss this Money till the Monday following, when I went up for some Money, and then I missed a Guinea; said I to my Wife, How is our Money converted? Here is but four Guineas out of nine; and I have made Use but of four, with one, I have taken out now. Monday in the Evening, I called the Prisoner within Doors, and said, you have robbed me of a Guinea; when I first taxed him with it, he denied it, but afterwards confessed that he took a Guinea out, and that he opened the Lock with this Key, on Thursday Jan. and he owned it before Col. De Veil. - My Wife has not been Mistress of a Guinea a great while before.


                  Ann 
                  Palmer 
               



            . My Husband left this Money with me January 26; I did not lay it in the Drawer till the next Day: I put in a 3 l. 12 s. and nine Guineas; on the 29th I took out two Guineas, and afterwards fetched another; on Monday my Husband went up for a Guinea, said he, How much Money have you made use of? I said, I had taken out 3 Guineas: he said there was but five Guineas when he went up, and he had taken out one, and now there is but four; and there was but four Guineas, and the Three Pound Twelve Piece; said I, What is become of it? Knowing myself to be innocent: My Husband went into the Shop to the Prisoner, and put his Hand to his Collar; says he, You have robbed me: Says he, I rob you? What do you mean by that? There was taken out of his Pocket, a Shilling, a Six-pence, a Farthing, and this Key: He confessed he took the Guinea out of the Drawer.


                  John 
                  Purnell 
               



            . He said he took the Guinea out of the Drawer. I saw that Key, which was taken out of his Pocket, open the Drawer.


                  Margaret 
                  White 
               



            . I happened to be at Mr Palmer's House, when this Thing happened, and he said, he took the Guinea out of the Drawer with that Key. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


