





164. + 
               
                  William 
                  Collins 
               



            , of Uxbridge


, in the parish of Hillingdon , was indicted for 


               stealing sixty tod of wool, each weighing twenty-nine pound weight, value 30l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Goring 
                        




                      
                  , in his warehouse
            , Dec. 22




                  Thomas 
                  Goring 
               



            . I have lost a large quantity of wool out of my loft: This Collins, Everett, and Miller, were concerned in taking it; one is turned evidence, and the other is since dead.
Q. What made you suspect the Prisoner?
Goring. Because he worked with me, and was concerned in laying up the wool. I cried a reward of five guineas to any one that would impeach his accomplices, three times in Uxbridge on a market day, and I heard nothing till the Monday following, and then one 
               
                  John 
                  Lovel 
               



             told me he could inform me about the wool; and he said three persons had been with him to hire a cart under pretence of carrying flowers, and when they came home they were very full of money; he thought it was a brave trade, and there was some wool scattered among the straw. I got a warrant upon the information of Lovel, and took up Everett , and the Justice admitted him an evidence against Collins and Miller: Miller is dead .


                  James 
                  Everett 
               



            . In the first place 
               
                  James 
                  Miller 
               



             came to me, and told me he could help me to 30 s. if I could keep a secret: about a quarter of a year afterwards I was got with Miller and Collins, and being a little in liquor they got me into this man's loft : we were all three in liquor .
Q. Whose loft?
Everett. Mr. Goring's.
Q. How did you get in?
Everett. The lock was taken off, but I do not know how it was done; the lock was not broke I believe.
Q. Who took off the lock?
Everett. Collins did.
Q. What did you do when you were in the loft?
Everett. We filled six sacks full of wool, and carried them to my own apartment.
Q. What did you do then?
Everett . We hired a cart and two horses of 
               
                  John 
                  Lovel 
               



            , and carried it to Kingston in that cart, and sold it to Mr. Bacon for fourteen shillings a tod.
Q. How many tod were there?
Everett. I cannot tell how many.
Q. What money did you receive for it?
Everett. I believe there might be six or seven and twenty shillings a piece.
Q. What did you do more?
Everett. About a fortnight after that we went and got seven more sacks full, and carried them in the same cart to the same house, and sold them for fourteen shillings a tod, and about a fortnight afterwards we had the same quantity again.
Q. What, seven sacks?
Everett . I do not know whether there were five or seven sacks, and we sold them for fourteen shillings a tod to the same person.
Q. And the money was divided between you, the Prisoner, and Miller?
Everett. Yes. We went once more, and had five sacks, and sold them to the same Person. That is all I know.
Goring. My Lord, I desire the accomplice may be asked, whether he did not hear Collins say, that he took more wool, and carried it to Brentford, and sold it?
Everett . Yes, I heard him say he had been once at Brentford with wool.
Q. Was that part of the wool he took out of the lost?
Everett. I do not know any thing of that.
Q. to Goring. What sort of a lost is this?
Goring. It is a strong lost, and boarded on the sides, and I keep it generally locked with a padlock. I constantly kept it locked.
Q. What use do you make of that lost?
Goring . It is to keep wool in, and no other use.
Q. Do you call it a warehouse or a lost?
Goring. We generally call them losts.


                  Charles 
                  Bacon 
               



            . I did buy four parcels of wool that is certain, and this man, Everett, took the money.
Q. Did you ever see the Prisoner at the bar with those persons who offered you the four parcels of wool?
Bacon. An please you, my Lord, I will tell you the right of it: They came to Kingston with wool, and enquired after a chap, and somebody told them Mr. Bacon would buy it; they came to me, and they said they were going to load back either with onions or potatoes; they asked 15 s. a tod, and I gave them 14 s. for I had bought some of other people at 14s. 3d.
Q. Was the Prisoner there at any time?
Bacon. He was not there the first time I am sure, I believe he was there the second time, and one time Everett said he had a crown for bringing it.


                  John 
                  Harvest 
               



            . I know very little of the Prisoner; but one morning Miller came to my house at Brentford , and said he had got some wool to sell; said I, where do you come from? he said , from Hillingdon ; said I, why did you not go to Uxbridge , and not come eight miles to Brentford ? he said he could not get so much for it there: He asked 15 s. a tod, and I gave him 14 s. it was a top price, and I bought as much as came to 3 l. 14 s.


                  Henry 
                  Carr 
               



             . I live at Uxbridge . The Prisoner came to me, and asked me if I could carry six sacks of old rags to Brentford . I said I could and I carried six sacks of what he said were old rags.
Q. Did you know what was in the sacks?
Carr. No. I laid them down on a wharf at Brentford , and they told me they would pay me when they came home again, and had received the money for the rags , but they did not do it.
Q. Who were there?
Carr. Collins and Miller.


                  John 
                  Dause 
               



            . An please you, my Lord, the Prisoner at the bar lay at my house, at Hillingdon End , one Sunday night, about a month after Michaelmas, and brought some sacks through the house, and told me they were old rags. That is all I know.


                  John 
                  Lovell 
               



            . 
               
                  James 
                  Everett 
               



             came to me to hire a cart and a couple of horses to go to Richmond (as he told me); I never saw any thing in the cart, for they used to come at ten or eleven o'clock at night, and take the cart away when I was in bed, and he paid me five shillings a journey.
Prisoner. Everett told me that the wool was delivered at his sister's door, and he said he would bear my charges if I would go with him, and he took the wool out of his sister's house, carried it to Kingston , and sold it to Mr. Bacon .
The Jury (as the place the wool was stole from was not proved to be a warehouse, but a lost) 


               acquitted him of stealing it in the warehouse, and found him guilty of the felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


