





443. 
               
                  
                     Rose
                      Mahone * otherwise 
                     
Bignell




               
            , of St Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Watch, and a Gold Seal, val. 10 l. 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Brian 
                     Hollrina 
                  




                
            , Sept. 29
.
* This Woman kept the Bagnio in Oxendon-Street
, when 
               
                  George 
                  Hawkins 
               



             (Coachman to 
               
                  William 
                  Pawlett 
               



            , Esq;) was murdered there on the 29th of March last: Her Husband 
               
                  Marmaduke 
                  Bignell 
               



            , and his Man 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ford 
               



            , were transported for robbing 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jones 
               



            , in the said House, on the 24th of February last. See their Trials, No. 159, 160.
Hollrina. On Michaelmas Day I was going up Drury Lane


, between 11 and 12 at Night, the Prisoner came up to me, clapp'd me on the Shoulder, and asked me how I did? D - n you, said I, Stand off; She came up again, and put her Hands over my Shoulder, and got hold of the String of my Watch, took it out, and ran away; immediately my Hat and Wig were snatch'd off, I did not mind that, but pursued the Prisoner, and she was taken by 2 Watchmen, who came to my Assistance. I am sure she is the Woman for I never lost Sight of her, but kept within 2 or 3 Yards of her all the Time, till she was taken. I have not had my Watch again.


                  John 
                  String 
               



             fellow, Watchman. I was standing at the End of White-Horse-Yard, and saw the Woman run out of Clare-Court, toward Wych-Street, and the Man after her; he called Watch, I immediately pursued her, and took her, and when the Prosecutor came up, he charged me with her; She is the same Woman that I saw the Prosecutor pursue, and a good Pair of Heels she has; I believe she would make shift to run 20 Miles before I could run 15. She denied she had the Watch before the Justice, but she was not searched.
Prisoner. Ask him whether I did not go with him readily?

String fellow. Yes; but if she had been innocent, she would not have ran away.


                  Edward 
                  Duran 
               



            . I was at my Stand, and hearing a Noise, went to see what it was, and saw this Woman running; my Brother Watchman stopped her, and I don't remember that she desired to be searched. When she was taken, she called me an hundred Irish Dogs, but I don't mind that, tho' I am an Englishman. The Prosecutor had no Hat on.
Prisoner. He stopped me in a clandestine Manner, I cry'd out Murder, and the Watch came and carried me to the Round-House, and he said, he was robbed of his Watch and Hat; I offered to strip from Top to Toe, but they would not let me. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


