





181. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Thompson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               robing 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Johnson 
                        




                      
                   on the King's highway, of a silk camlet coat, val. 8 s. and a shirt
            , Jan. 28
.
Mrs. Johnson . I had sent my child for a stay and shirt, January the 28th; the prisoner took them from her in the street. I did not see him, neither did I ever speak to the prisoner; but know the things are my property.


                  William 
                  Marsh 
               



            . I am a carman: I was going home with my cart through Cripplegate, I heard the cry, stop thief! stop thief! the prisoner ran by me; I ran after him up by London wall; I seized him, and saw him drop the things; a little boy, about a yard from me, took them up; says I, I'll take care of the prisoner, do you take care of the things; he dropped them as I laid hold of him, and asked what I wanted with him? I said he was a thief.
Q. Did you see him take them from the child?
Marsh. No, my Lord; there was a new shirt and a stay, tied up in a handkerchief. I secured him in Wood-street counter; the child's mother came and owned the things.
Q. Did you see the prisoner drop the bundle?
Marsh. Yes, my Lord, I did.

Q. Where did you take the prisoner?
Marsh. Just by the corner of Wood-street; he had tacked about, and had it not been for a dray-man I had lost him.


                  Joseph 
                  Hilton 
               



            . I was standing at Cripplegate, and heard the cry, stop thief! I ran as well as she rest ; I saw him run through Cripplegate , I was near him when the carman took hold of him; he dropped the bundle down just by a post at the end of Wood-street. I took it up and gave it to the carman, being then close by him; I did not see the prisoner drop them.
Hilton. His back was towards me; and I was about half a yard from the carman's heels.
Prisoner's defence. About half an hour after five in the evening on that day, I was coming up London-wall ; I was stopped by that carman, who charged me with taking the bundle from a child; I said I knew nothing of it; he said I ought to have my brains beat out; after that he had quitted his hold I might have gone my way, but another gentleman took hold of me, and said I should have justice done me.


                  Richard 
                  Robins 
               



            . On January 28, about six at night, I was going into Fore-street, I heard the cry, stop thief! I run and saw the prisoner run and turn at the corner of Wood-street; I did not follow him so as to see him drop the bundle; the carman seized him, and said he ought to have the flesh tore off his bones, for robbing such a little child as that; he took the prisoner up to a green-stall , where was a light; I saw the child standing by him; he left the prisoner there, saying, is not this a shame that I should have my clothes torn after this manner? says I, no shame at all if you have robbed the child; says he, I have not robb'd her; said I to the child, is this the man that robbed you? This is the man, said she; then I said to him directly, I'll see that you shall have justice done you. We carried him to the Sun alehouse London-wall ; there was a person came and hunch'd him, and said, D - n you for a fool, why do not you get away; I said, he should not; the child's mother came before we left him and owned the goods.



               Guilty
             of the indictment, but through the intercession of his prosecutrix he was 


               ordered for transportation
            .
