






79, 80. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jacobs 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cottel 
                  



                
             of the liberty of the Tower



, were indicted for 


               stealing a hempe, ck, val. 2 s. 6 d. and 3 bushels of coals, val. 2 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Grainger 
                  




                
            , August, 18
.


                  Arthur 
                  Grainger 
               



            . I am a carpenter by trade but deal in coals
, and the Prisoner Jacobs I employ'd to drive my waggon. I order'd a lighter of coals at a wharf near the Tower, and sent Jacobs down to load them; and having information that he robb'd me, I took him up, and carried him before Justice Richards, where he said that the coals which I charg'd him with belong'd to the Prisoner Cottel. I then went to see for Cottel, and he came voluntarily before the Justice: but when they saw one another they quarrel'd, and each confess'd that they had taken my coals, and said there were other porters at the wharf concern'd with them, who ought to suffer as well as themselves.


                  Christopher 
                  Pottecary 
               



            . On the 18th of August last we landed ten chaldron of coals for the Prosecutor at Butler's wharf, and as I was going up to White-chapel, I saw the waggon stop just by the side of Tower-ditch. I imagin'd some roguery was going forward, therefore I watch'd them, and saw the Prisoner Jacobs putting a sack of coals out at the tail of the waggon upon Cottel's back, and he carried them to a Cook's shop on little Tower-hill. I was just at the door, and heard the man says, I buy no such coals. Upon that he brought them out again; and I told him if he did not take care of the coals I would send him to goal. Upon that I left him, and acquainted the Prosecutor with what I observ'd.


                  Richard 
                  Gates 
               



            . Cottel brought the sack of coals to my house on Tower-hill and ask'd me to buy them, but I refused.
Jacobs. I had a dram given me to carry this sack of coals to Tower-hill, and the men at the wharf told me they were their own.


                  William 
                  Minton 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner Jacobs thirteen or fourteen years. I am a butcher belonging to the victualling office, and have employed him these four or five years, and never knew but that he was honest.


                  Nicholas 
                  Wright 
               



            . I have known Jacobs ten years I have employ'd him several times to do jobbs for me, and I never he ard an ill thing of him in my life.


                  Thomas 
                  Allen 
               



            . I have known him these nine or ten years: He always behaved honestly, and I never heard any body speak ill of him.


                  James 
                  Raven 
               



            . I have known him fifteen or sixteen years, and his general character is that he always behaved handsomly.


                  Thomas 
                  Greenfield 
               



            . I am a butcher, and have known Jacobs about thirteen or fourteen years, and I never knew him wrong man, woman, or child.
For Cottel no one appear'd. Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


