





401 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Mills 
                  



               
            , of St Andrew, Holbourn


, was indicted for stealing 


               10 Hanks of Brass Wire, val. 25 s
            . the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Fossick 
                  




                
            .


                  James 
                  Fowkes 
               



            . On the 9th of August
, my Master Fossick lost fifteen Pound Weight of Wire, out of a Tub in the Shop.


                  Hugh 
                  Mills 
               



            . I am a Brass Sieve-maker. On the 10th of August, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Williams 
               



             brought me a Pound and a Quarter of Brass Wire, which I bought of her, and gave her 2 s. a Pound for it, but the Price I give is 2 s. 4 d. I told her I did not buy such small Quantities, but if she would bring me more I would buy it. She fetched this Parcel of ten or eleven Pound, and when she brought it, I stopped it. I knew she must steal it, because there are but Mr Fossick and two more that draw this Sort of Wire: The Prisoner had been a Chairwoman
 to Mr Fossick, and she said she had some Iron Candlesticks to sell.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Williams 
               



            . I carried this Wire to Mr Mills, I had it of the Prisoner; she said she had it for a Debt, and that the Person was gone to Birmingham. I gave her the 2 s. 6 d. I had for the Pound and Quarter.


                  William 
                  Peck 
               



            , Constable. This is the Wire that was given into my Charge; the Prisoner did not confess any thing; she was more impudent than any thing else.
Mr Ellis deposed, that the Prisoner brought some Wire to him to sell, and that she did not know the Price of it; she said, she sold it for a Brass Wire-Drawer's Wife, in Moorfields, who was in bad Circumstances, and going to Birmingham; that he did not buy it, but broke a Bit off, that he might keep a Sample of it in Case he should hear that any body was robbed; that the Prisoner said it was upwards of a Year since the Man broke; and, he says, that this Wire does not look to have been made above three Months; and that he is positively sure that this Wire is not to be had of any body but Mr Fossick. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


