





369. + 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hutchins 
                  



               
             of the Precinct of St Catherine's


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard, val. 9 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Culling 
                     




                    in his Dwelling-house
            , August 7
.
William Culling. That's the Gentleman - I know him very well. I keep the Sign of the Black Boy




, 'tis both a Tavern and an Alehouse, in St Catherine's


 . On the 7th of August I lost a silver Tankard out of the Fore-room, - a publick Room, from the third Box in the Room. I missed it between 6 and 7 in the Evening, and saw it but the Moment before it was gone. The Prisoner was drinking out of it; and while he had it before him, my Wife (who had been abroad) was brought home ill; I went to the Door, and took her in my arms to carry her into the House, and in the mean time the Prisoner went away with the Tankard. I missed both him, and That, the Moment he went out; and asked the People in the House, if they had taken it away. They all said, they knew nothing of it; but while I was looking about for it, a Boy came running into the House, and told me, the Prisoner was stopped about 200 Yards off, with my Tankard upon him. I went out, and found the People had stopped him with it, and had seen my Name at the Bottom of the Tankard. 'Tis in the Officer's Hands, and he is here.


                  James 
                  Down 
               



            , Headborough . This is the Tankard which (they said) was found upon the Prisoner.
Mr Culling. This is mine, and here's my Name upon the Bottom of it.
Mr Down. I received it at Mr Justice Rickards's : He delivered it to me to keep and bring here. I know nothing of the Prisoner.
Mr Culling. The Prisoner owned he took it out of my House, and I said to him, - Sirrah, how dare you come in to rob me, when I have used you so well? Why really, says he, I did not come into the House with such a Design , but I was forced upon it. I remember I saw a Man and a Woman sitting with him; and the Woman had a Hat on, and she had a black Eye; so I asked him who they were that forced him to it? No; he would not tell, he would rather die than tell, - he would rather chuse to be hang'd: the Man and the Woman were gone, and he would not tell who they were.
Jury. Were the Man and the Woman with him, when you saw him last in the House?
Mr Culling. When I carry'd my Wife in, they were with him; when I came into the Room again, they were all gone. The Tankard is worth about 9 or 10 L.


                  Joanna 
                  Pain 
               



            . I was going down St Catherine's-Lane , and about three Doors down the Lane on the Left-hand, a Woman said, - there's a Man coming along, who has stole a Pot, or a Tankard. I said, - then Faith he shall not carry it off, if he has stole it. So the Wind blew hard, and the Bell had just rung 7 o'Clock, and I pursued the Prisoner. He went up to a Gate, and took the Tankard out of his Breeches. What have you got there, says I? Nothing, (cry'd he) but what's my own. What's your own, says I to him, why you don't look like a Man that is Master of such a Piece of Plate, and swearing an Oath, - I hope 'tis no Offence, - By G - , says I, you shall not carry it off, so I clapp'd hold of the Waistband of his Breeches with one Hand, and twisted the Tankard out of his Hand, with the other. Then I hauled him out to the middle of the Lane, and called out, Stop Thief! I attacked him in this Affair, and held him fast, till one Mr Atkins came up to my Assistance, and then we carry'd him to an Alehouse; and People coming about us, says I to them, - Here's a Man has stole a Tankard, - I believe 'tis Culling's, and I took it out of his Breeches. Upon this a Man examined it, and found Culling's Name at the Bottom. This is the very same Tankard which I took out of that Fellow's Breeches. The People at the Alehouse ask'd him how he came by it? He then said he did not know; but when he was before Mr Justice Richards, he said he found it. He was ask'd, where he found it? He said, at first, he found it in his Breeches, and afterwards, that a Woman gave it him. Aye, said the Justice, she was a mighty kind Woman indeed, to make you a present of a Silver Tankard, which was none of her own! Pray what Woman was this? He would not confess who gave it him, but said he would sooner die, than tell who she was. His Examination was taken down in Writing, and he might have signed it if he would, but he would not.


                  William 
                  Atkins 
               



            . I heard a Dispute, in the Street, and saw this Woman (
               
                  Joe 
                  Pain 
               



            ) and the Prisoner, contending for a Tankard. He held up the Tankard, and I thought she was only struggling with him for some of the Beer; but Mrs Mead telling me the Man had stole the Tankard, and desiring me to go and help Joe, I went to her Assistance, but she had got the Tankard from him, before I laid hold of him. With her Assistance we carry'd him into the Thistle and Crown Alehouse; there I saw Mr Culling's Name upon the Bottom of the Tankard, and he, being sent for, owned it. The Prisoner seemed to be a little in Liquor, and made some frivolous Excuses: He said he did not take it himself, but that a Woman gave it him; and he would sooner die than discover who the Woman was.
Prisoner. I was drinking at Mr Culling's, and was in Liquor. There were two Persons with me there: the Man I know; the Woman I do not know, nor her Name, no more than the Child unborn; but some how or other she brought the Tankard out. I never wrong'd Man, Woman, or Child, in no Case, but have been a hard-working Man all my Life.
Thomas Green. The Prisoner is a Brewer's Servant; he has lived next Door to me these 7 Years; he has got six Children, and his Wife is with Child again: I never heard any Harm of him before, but as far as I know, he always worked hard for his Living.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Carter 
               



            . I have known him 11 Years; I never knew any Thing amiss of him, but that he was a hard-working Man. He was very much fuddled to my Knowledge, for I saw him that Night. And the Night before he was very drunk at our House.


                  Rebecca 
                  Boyington 
               



             . I have known him 4 or 5 Years; he has a large Family, and I never heard any Ill of him before.


                  Sarah 
                  Parker 
               



            . I have known him 11 Years, and never knew he wrong'd any one of a Farthing. I saw him that Afternoon when this was done, and he was fuddled; he was drunk the Day before, and the Day before That. - He was drunk three Days together, and he has a vast Family , and his Wife's big again.
Mr Down . He was pretty much in Liquor, when I took him into Custody. 


               Guilty 39s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


