





493. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Randall 
                  



               
            , of St Brides


 , was indicted for 


               stealing 7 linnen Handkerchiefs, val. 3 s. 6 d. and 1 Silk Handkerchief, val. 12 d.
             the Goods of Persons unknown, September 17
.
Mr. Jones. On the 17th of September, I was standing with a Man in Fleet-Street


, and the Prisoner passed me several Times: I could not imagine what the Fellow wanted, and I resolved to stop him, if he came by me again. He passed me, and I ran after him, and took him to the Sugar Loaf Alehouse, and gave him into the Custody of the next Witness. I found these 8 Handkerchiefs concealed about several Parts of his Body. - He could give no Account how he came by them, nor say any thing for himself, or his Character.


                  Mark 
                  Bushell 
               



             . All that I have to say is, that it was about half an Hour-past 8, when Mr Jones brought the Prisoner into the Sugar-Loaf Alehouse.
Prisoner. Was you there?
Bushell. Yes, I was.
Prisoner. Very well then.
Bushell. He had one Handkerchief taken from one Arm-pit, another from the other, and so from several Parts of his Body, and were all separate.
Prisoner. The Case is this. I was coming from a Place, - what do you call it? - by Fleet-street, where they sell Saloop, my Ship-mate met me, and we went into a House, and drank 2 Full-pots of Beer; he gave me these Handkerchiefs, that my Wife might wash them for him, and that Man took them from me: I know no more of them. Here are some Witnesses to my Character and Behaviour.


                  Mary 
                  Margaret 
               



            . I have known him above 20 Years, I never knew any Harm by him in my Life; I can't say as for hearing , - but we are not to go by Hear-say. What he is taken up for, I can't say nothing (any thing) in his Behalf; I have heard no ill of him, any farther than as People have said, that he has been a wild young Man. I have 'trusted him, and never lost any thing by him.
Jury. Have you ever heard that he gets a Livelihood by stealing?
Margaret. I can't say - I have heard - but I can prove nothing against him. He goes to Sea, but he is not always at Sea. I never lost any thing by him.


                  Ann 
                  Stanford 
               



            . I never knew much of him, his Wife, I believe maintains him: I knew him when he was a Seaman on board the Hampton-Court: but I have not seen him these 2 Years till now.


                  Mary 
                  Margaret 
               



             again. It is very hard that he should be taken up; I have heard him say, he would sooner suffer Death than wrong any body.
Prisoner. The Man who gave me these Handkerchiefs is now on board the SuperbeMan of War. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


