






127, 128. + 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Cuthbert 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     King 
                  



                
             , of St. Botolph Aldgate



, were indicted for 


               stealing thirty-two yards of long lawn, value 4 l. 16 s. and nine yards of printed cotton, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Matth.ew 
                           Bell 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop
            , February 12
.


                  Jane 
                  Bell 
               



             . On the twelfth day of the month I was busy in my shop with four customers, the Prisoner Cuthbert came into the shop with a servant maid to buy some cloth, and Mrs. King was in the shop too.
Q. How do you know that?
Bell. Because my girl knew her afterwards; Cuthbert went out and came in again (it put a sort of a damp upon my spirits, for I thought she came to steal something) and after she had been gone about an hour I missed a piece of long lawn of thirty-two yards; the next day the young woman, the maid, who came with Cuthbert, and had bought some cloth, came to change it, and I asked her where the young woman lived who was in the shop with her yesterday (King;) she said she lived in New Hermitage-street with one Mrs. Cuthbert; and my boy said he would go and find her out, and he went to Cuthbert's, and saw something under her clothes, and he took this printed cotton from her, which was tied under her petticoats, after struggling with her for it, which is my cotton.
Q. Did you ever get your long lawn again?
Bell. Yes, I found it at a pawnbroker's, but there were six yards cut off; I did not find it through her; I got a search-warrant and took up Mary King on suspicion, and she confessed where the long lawn was, but she did not confess that she was concerned in the taking it, and she denied before the Justice that she had a farthing of the money the long lawn was pawned for a guinea.


                  Charles 
                  Calmer 
               



            . Mrs. Bell said to me I have lost a piece of long lawn which cost me 4 l. 16 s. I said , Madam, perhaps you have mislaid it; no, said she, I laid it behind these dowlas: the next day the maid that came along with the Prisoner Cuthbert came to change the goods she had bought the day before; I asked her where the young woman lived who was in the shop yesterday; she said she lived with one Mrs. Cuthbert in New Hermitage-street : I went to Mrs. Cuthbert's and enquired for her; they said she was gone out, and might not be home for a month for what they knew; I said I would have her if she was to be found: the Prisoner King was there, she was drunk, and abused me very much: I said it did not signify any thing, for I would have Mrs. Cuthbert if she was to be found. After I had been there an hour and an half, Mrs. Cuthbert came down; I told her Mrs. Bell wanted to speak with her; she said Mrs. Bell might come to her and be d - d if she would, for she would not wait upon her: I said if she did not come, I would get somebody else to fetch her; and by seeing a bulk under her petticoats, I said, I fancy you have got Mrs. Bell's goods under your petticoats; so I forced her down upon the ground, and I could not find any thing under her first petticoat: I felt under her second petticoat, and there I found this printed cotton, and she had this in her bosom, which was cut off the other; I heard she had cut this off with a design to give away to make a child's frock; I got four men, which cost three shillings, to bring her up to a Justice, and, with a great deal to do, we got her to Justice Duckenfield's , and he committed her. Mrs. Bell asked her where she had the cotton, she said she bought it for a gown at a shop on Tower-Hill; said Mrs. Bell, how came you to buy nine yards, when six is a good pattern ? said she, I have bought fifteen yards, and what is that to you? I am sure this cotton is Mrs. Bell's, for I had it in my hand that morning , and laid it upon the shelf. Then I took up Mrs. King, and carried her to Justice Manwaring; she said she was a young woman, and was drawn in, and told us, that the long lawn was at Mrs. Green's, a pawnbroker, and was pawned for a guinea. 
               
                  Mary 
                  King 
               



             said, that she stood at the end of the court by the shop , and waited for Cuthbert's coming out, and that Cuthbert put the long lawn into her [King's] apron.
Pris. King. Can you say I stole any thing from Mrs. Bell?
Calmer . I do not say you did.


                  Robert 
                  Wood 
               



             . 
               
                  Mary 
                  King 
               



            , the Prisoner, was taken up on suspicion, and I helped to carry her before Justice Manwaring, and she owned she pawned the long lawn at one Mr. Christie's, at the White Swan in Ratcliff Highway, and got a guinea upon it: She would not own it for a long time, and denied every thing at first; but when she found the Justice was going to make her Mittimus, she owned it.


                  William 
                  Harford 
               



            . I am a headborough of St. John, Wapping. I took King into custody, by a warrant, and carried her before Justice Manwaring. King said the long lawn was at Christie's . Green is the same person; she is married now. Here is the twenty-six yards of long lawn.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Bell.) Do you know this to be your long lawn?
Bell. I have great reason to believe it is.
Margaret Green called.
Q. Are you the person that is called Christie?
Green. Yes. Cuthbert brought this long lawn to me, and said she had a brother, a headborough of the parish, who was in prison, and I lent her the money to get him out of goal.
[Green asked King whether Cuthbert did not say so, and King said she did.]


                  George 
                  Glass 
               



            . Both the Prisoners live next door to me. My servant went to see her mother, and she said that Cuthbert and King had got a fine piece of printed cotton, and had cut a yard and an half off to make a present of to my servant maid's mother's child; Cuthbert was taken, and the printed cotton found under her gown: King got off , and the young woman that lodges at my house stopped her, and before the Justice she confessed, that Cuthbert pawned the long lawn to Mrs. Christie.
Pris. King. This good woman, Cuthbert , went to buy some cloth at Mrs. Bell's for a gentleman's maid, and I went with Cuthbert to pawn the long lawn to Christie for a guinea .
Pris. Cuthbert. This same 
               
                  Mary 
                  King 
               



             came to me at seven o'clock at night, and said that one Mr. Johnson gave it her to pawn for a guinea, because he was in trouble; and then King went away, and left me in the lurch. I have no witness, for there is no body knows any thing of it but she and I. The Jury found them 


               guilty of felony only, and acquitted them of stealing the goods privately in the shop
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


