





44. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Leatherland 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing 4 silk Handkerchiefs, Value 8 Shillings , the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Holden 
                           Bouker 
                        




                      
                   , in his Shop
             , Jan. the 10th
.
John Green . On the 10th of January, the Prisoner and another Man came into my Master's Shop, and desired to see some silk Handkerchiefs; I accordingly shewed them several Parcels, and on my seeing the Prisoner fumbling by the Counter, I collar'd him, and these Handkerchiefs dropped from him. They are part of the Goods which I shewed him, and are the Property of my Master, 
               
                  Holden 
                  Bouker 
               



             .

Mr. Bouker . The Prisoner confessed to me, when he was in the Round-House , that he stole these Handkerchiefs, but said, he was persuaded to it by the Man who was with him.
Prisoner. I had been for some Grains for my Master, and met with this other Man, and he desired to go with him, to buy a Handkerchief; I went with him into the Shop, but I asked for nothing, and as soon as I was taken, he ran away.
Green . I am positive they did not drop from the other Man, but him.


                  William 
                  Matthews 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner 15 or 16 Years, and always was an honest Man, as far as I knew.
William Hill I have known him about seven Years, he followed the Cow Business, and I never heard in my Life.
Another. between Three and Four Years, and of him.


                  John 
                  Leatherland 
               



            . I am heard but that he behaved well.


                  Thomas 
                  Leatherland 
               



            . I am likewise his Brother, and never knew any Harm of him .




               Guilty 4 s 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


