





205. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     North 
                  



               
             , of St Leonard Shoreditch


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silk Gown, val. 30 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Crane 
                  




                
            , Dec. 26
.
William Crane. I am a Cabinet-maker
, in Shoreditch


. The Prisoner was one that used to go achairing, and being a poor Woman, and destitute of a Lodging, as we had a spare-bed in our Garret, we let her lie there out of Charity. The Gown mentioned in the Indictment was my Wife's, and it being missing, we taxed the Prisoner with having taken it and she confessed she stole it on the 26th of last December, and hid it under her Bed, - between the Bed and the Sacking, until the next Morning, and then she carried it away very early. I knew my Wife had such a Gown, and that it was in the House before the Prisoner took it. 'Iis a brocaded Gown; and the Prisoner owned she carried it to pawn at Mr Coxon's the Pawnbroker's, and he stopped it.
Mr Coxon. About 10 or 11 o'Clock in the Morning, December 26. the Prisoner came to my House, and offered a brocaded Gown to pawn: this is the same identical Gown. Upon looking at the Gown, and examinig her, I suspected she had not come fairly by it, and my Suspicion was increased, by her not giving such satisfactory Answers to my Questions, as I expected from an honest Person. She said at first, that the Gown belong'd to a Mistress of her's in Holbourn . I sent thither, but the Prisoner's Mistress was not to be found. I then told her, I would stop it: she told me, she would go and fetch the right Owner of the Gown, and she went out, and returned again, with a big-belly'd Woman, all whose Clothes upon her Back was not worth 20 s. nor were the Prisoner's better. I told the Woman, she could never be the Owner of that Gown in question, and that I would stop it, and advertise it, which I accordingly did; and the Prisoner came one Evening about 7 o'Clock, (five or six Nights after the Gown had been advertised) and she was then a little better dressed; she asked for the Gown that I had advertised: I looked her full in the Face, - Why, says I, you are the Woman who brought it here! Yes, says she, I am so, and what then? Why then I will stop you; but before I could get from behind my Counter she was gone. I pursued her, but being in my Slippers, and the Ground being slippery with the Snow, she out ran me, and got clear off. I heard nothing of the Owner of the Gown, till a Fortnight or three Weeks after; and then the Prosecutor came and claimed the Gown. I did not shew it him, at that Time, but bid him go to Mr Oldfield's , (the Constable) in Tavistock-Street, and if he made his Property in it appear, I should be glad to return it to him. After we had been at the Constable's, we went before Col. De Veil, and there they described the Gown so particularly, that the Colonel said, it plainly appeared to be theirs, and 'twas pity they had not taken the Thief. In about six Hours afterwards, they did take the Prisoner, and brought her before
the Colonel, where she owned she had stole the Gown. She acknowledged the same at Mr Oldfield, the Constable's House. I think this is the very Gown the Prisoner brought, and which I stopped: 'tis worth 10 l. and I verily believe it is the same.


                  Isabel 
                  Carr 
               



            . When the Prisoner brought the Gown to pledge at Mr. Coxon's , she said she liv'd at the three Nuns , a Linnen-Draper's, in Holbourn , and that the Gown was her Mistress's, who lived there, and her Name was Jackson . I went to enquire for this Jackson at the three Nuns, but no such Person lived there. When the Prisoner was before Colonel De Veil, she owned she had stole it, and wished she had over looked it. - That was the Expression she then made use of. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


