





154. + 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Brown 
                  



               
            , of Ealing


, was indicted 


               for breaking and entering the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Woodman 
                        



                      
                  , in the Day-time, and stealing one Camblet Gown, val. 10 s. one Pair of Stays, val. 10 s. one Pair of Sheets, val. 5 s. six Linnen Caps, val. 2 s. one Dimitty Mantle, val. 12 d. one Child's Coat, val. 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Woodman 
                     



                  ; and one Camblet Gown, val. 10 s. and one Pair of Stays, val. 10 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clarke 
                        



                      
                  , February 16
, in the Day-time, no Person being therein
            .


                  Elizabeth 
                  Woodman 
               



            . I live at Ealing


: My House was broke open the 16th Day of this Month about Eight in the Forenoon; I was out, and my Daughter was at work in the Neighbourhood. When I went out I locked the Door fast; I did not leave any Body in the House; Farmer 
               
                  Squire
               


            's Man, who lives hard by, saw the House open and brought me Word of it; when I returned, I found the Door open, and that the Goods were taken away. - The Door was not broke open, it was opened some-how by the Lock: The Prisoner was pursued, taken, and brought back; and he confessed, that he had taken my Things, and said, he should be hanged. They lay in the House in a Basket when he took them. - These are my Things - These are Mr Clarke's.


                  Richard 
                  Fowler 
               



            . I heard a Cry of Stop Thief as I was at work in the Field; I laid hold of the Prisoner's Shoulder and took him; he said, he should be hanged: He told me the Things were in a Basket; and that he had thrown them over a Hedge into the Kitchen-Garden.


                  John 
                  Freebourn 
               



            . I asked the Prisoner if he had broke a House open: He said, he had, but he could not tell whose it was; he said, it was on this Side of the Church, that Way nearer Hammersmith. I asked him, what he thought the Things might be worth? he said, he believed about 30 s.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say for myself; I leave it to the Court and the Jury. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            ||
|| The Offence this Prisoner was charged with is made capital by 39 Eliz. c. 13. but to make it so highly penal, the Jury must find a breaking, and taking to the Value of 5 s.




[Transportation. See summary.]


