





151. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hyth 
                  



               
            , of St Mary, Whitechapel


, was indicted for 


               stealing three Butts with Iron Hoops, val. 30 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Matth.ew 
                     Dove 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Simeon 
                     Warner 
                  



                
            . Feb. 4
.


                  Matthew 
                  Dove 
               



            . My Servant left three Butts at the White-Hart in Whitechapel


, February 4, in the Morning, and they were found in three different Places: they belong to me and my Partner; I understand the Prisoner has been five Times in New Prison for these Practices.


                  Samuel 
                  Hatch 
               



            . I found the Butts, one in Mr Nicholls's Yard; one in Five-Inkborn-Alley, and the other at the Green-Man in Newcastle street in White-chapel. I do not know how they came there.


                  William 
                  Nicholls 
               



            . The Prisoner asked me to let him roll a Butt into the Yard: I heard a Noise, went out, and saw the Prisoner with some Hoops upon his Shoulder; I said to my next Door Neighbour, there is some Treachery in this. We put the Head of the Butt together, and there was a Wind-Mill upon it. Said I, this belongs to Execution-Dock. He said there was one knocked down in the Green-Man Yard, in Newcastle-street, with a Wind-Mill upon it, Mr Dove's Mark, and another with the same Mark in another Place.


                  John 
                  Carey 
               



            . I met the Prisoner with a Butt in Five-Inkborn-Alley, and he desired to roll the Butt up. When I came back, I found the Butt was knocked to Pieces, and the Hoops off, but who did it I cannot tell.
Another Person deposed he saw a Man rolling a Butt down Whitechapel; it was not quite Day-light, he seemed to be a stout Fellow, in his own Hair, but was not sure it was the Prisoner.


                  Michael 
                  Pemeroy 
               



            . Mr Dove sent his Servant to me, to know if I would let him send some Butts into my Yard, at the White-Hart in Whitechapel. In the Morning I heard the Butts roll in the Yard. I came out, and this Lad said he saw a Man rolling a Butt, but he could not tell what he did with it.
Elizabeth Foresee, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Beale 
               



            , and - Bond, said they never heard any Ill of the Prisoner. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


