





144. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brown 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two pewter plates, value 12 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Norman 
                  




                
            , Feb. 7
.


                  William 
                  Norman 
               



            . I live at the Rose and Bird Cage


 in Woodstreet


; last Shrove Tuesday between eight and nine in the morning, I lost these two plates off a dresser in the yard; I have lost things several times, but this is the first person that ever I caught.


                  Edward 
                  Blakemore 
               



            . The 7th of this month I went to Mr. Norman's, and called for a pint of purl; in comes this 
               
                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            , and called for a pennyworth of purl, and I took notice of his looking up at the shelves and viewing the pewter; he went into the yard, to see a couple of cocks that were there, and when he came in again, I saw something in his breast like pewter; I said to him, Friend, I don't like you; I took hold of him, put my hand into his bosom, and took out these two plates. I asked him, what he did with those plates? he said, they were his own; but Mr. Norman and his wife said, they were theirs.
Prisoner. I had the plates of the maid; I desired her to lend them me, to fetch a slice of meat, because I had a friend coming to me - I don't know the maid's name.
Q. Do you live in that neighbourhood?
Prisoner. I was coming to live in it, at the sign of the Punch Bowl.
Q. How came you to put them into your bosom?
Prisoner. I had them under my arm.
Q. What are the words the prisoner said to you?
Blakemore. He said, What have you to do with them, they are my own plates.
Prisoner. I said I was going to fetch some meat.
Blakemore. You said no such thing.
Norman. He wanted to mix the plates with others, because I should not be able to swear to them. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


