






89, 90. 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Davis 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Canwell 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing six Yards three Quarters of Thread Lace, val. 40 s. the Property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Coverley 
                     



                   , in the Shop
             of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Coverley 
                  




                
            , Sept. 1.




                  Frances 
                  Coverley 
               



            . I keep a Milliner's Shop
 in White-Chapel


. On the first of September, the two Prisoners at the Bar came into my Shop, and cheapened some Lace, Davis said she wanted it to make some Baby-Cloaths. I missed a Piece of Lace, and my Son pursued them, and overtook them, and they were designed to be searched at this Gentleman's (Mr Crawley's) House. This Lace was in my Box when they came into the Shop. I saw the Lace drop from Canwell. I had a Suspicion, because they bid me a great deal under the Value of it. Davis was at some small Distance from the Lace when it was taken off the Ground.
Canwell. Have I not been several Times at your House, and laid out Money with you?
Coverley. She has been twice at my Shop, bought Goods and paid for them.
Canwell. Did not Davis take the Lace, and put it upon me.


                  Frances 
                  Coverley 
               



            . I should rather think Davis took it; I had never seen her before, she looked like an ill Person. - This is not the Lace they cheapened - I cannot say Canwell handled any of the Lace, though she might, for the Box was close to each of them, - they stood even with one another.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Smith 
               



             (Servant to Mr Crawley). These two Women came to my Master's House, they were both sitting close together up Stairs. Davis got up, and one Part of the Lace stuck to Davis's Cloaths, and the other Part lay upon the Ground. They said they knew nothing of the Matter.
Gerrard Crawley. My Cousin Coverley came to my Shop with these two Women. They were unwilling to go up Stairs at first, but they did go; when they came into the Room, my Cousin said, One of you two have robbed me of a Piece of Lace. They were a little amazed, and my Cousin said, I am determined you shall be searched; and the shortest one (that is Davis) got up and said, Search me, Madam; and the other went towards the Window; and I saw the Lace drop from her outward Garment, and part of it stuck to her Cloaths; it did not drop from that Side next to Davis, but the opposite Side.


                  George 
                  Coverley 
               



            . My Mother missing the Piece of Lace , she and I followed them, I overtook them by the Mansion-House. I said I wanted to speak with them, and they must come back. Says one of them, What will the Gentlewoman let us have the Lace? I said, she wanted to speak with them; they came back to Mr Crawley's House, in Leaden-hall-street , and then they were told what we wanted with them.


                  David 
                  Gilham 
               



            . I have known Canwell about two Years, her Husband is a Lapidary, I never heard any Ill of her.


                  Anne 
                  Young 
               



             had known her twenty Years, 
               
                  Martha 
                  Foxon 
               



             four Years, and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Jones 
               



            , 
               
                  Susan 
                  Phillips 
               



            , 
               
                  Mary 
                  Woolball 
               



            , and 
               
                  James 
                  Woodward 
               



            , have known Canwell several Years, and gave her the Character of a very honest Woman. 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Davis 
               



             *


               guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            

                  Jane 
                  Canwell 
               





               acquitted
            .
* Davis had not one Person to her Character, though she had a great many last Sessions, when she was tried by the Name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Shirley 
               



            , for robbing Mr Setcole, Linnen-Draper in Smithfield. See her remarkable Trial , No. 21.




[Transportation. See summary.]


