





365. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Nichols 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 22 Yards of printed Linnen, value 30 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Hannah and 
                     
                        Phaenetta
                         Early
                     







             , Aug. 16
.
Phaenetta Early. Last Saturday was a Fortnight , about 9 at Night, that Man (the Prisoner) took 22 Yards of printed Linnen out of our Shop window. My Sister and I are Partners; her Name is 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Early 
               



            . As soon as he had got it he ran away; I pursued him, and he was taken within 3 Minutes Time, but he had not the Goods upon him. I saw them in the Shop the Minute before he took them, and I saw him take them, and run away with them; and I and my Sister followed him crying Stop Thief. This young Man (
               
                  John 
                  Cook 
               



            ) pursued him and took him, and brought him back to us, but the Goods he had flung away, and they were picked up out of the Kennel. I am sure the Prisoner is the Man.


                  Lewis 
                  Boyn 
               



            . Here is the Linnen.
Mrs Early. I am sure this is the same we then lost.
Boyn. Last Saturday was a Fortnight I found this Linnen in the Kennel, as I was crossing the Street (Fish-street-Hill) towards their House; but I can't say who dropp'd it. I heard the Peoply cry - Stop Thief! and saw the Prisoner run; Mr Cook pursued him, and took him at the Corner of East-cheap.


                  James 
                  Tame 
               



            . I was going down Fish street-Hill last Saturday was a Fortnight, and heard a Cry of Stop Thief! At the same Time I saw the Prisoner turn from Mrs Early's Shop, and I followed him to the Corner of Eastcheap, where he was taken; and being brought back to the Shop, Mrs Early said he was the Man who had robb'd them. He would not own any Thing, nor make any Confession, nor did I see him take any Thing out of the Shop, for he was about half a score Yards Distance from it, when I began to pursue him.


                  John 
                  Cook 
               



            . On Saturday last was a Fortnight, about 9 o'Clock at Night, I was going with Letters to the Post-Office, and as I crossed over Fish-street-Hill, I saw the Prisoner in this Gentlewoman's Shop, and saw him take the Linnen off the Counter, or from the Window, I am not sure whether it was from the Window, or the Counter; nor can I be sure he had any Thing in his Hand when he ran out; but I saw him run out, and pursued him to the Corner of Eastcheap, and help'd to take him. He did not own the Fact, but the Goods were immediately pick'd up, and brought to the Shop.
Defence. I am a Seafaring Man, and belong to a Turkey Merchant-Man, and was then going Home; I heard the Gentlewoman cry Stop Thief, and there being a Mob about the Door, I stopp'd to see what was the Matter; upon which they took me into the Shop, and asked me for the Linnen, telling me, if I would inform them where it was, they would let me go. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


