






208. 
               
                  
                     Archibald 
                     Campbell 
                  



                
            , of St. Martin's in the Fields



, was indicted for 


               stealing an India silk handkerchief, value 4s. and thirty-four shillings in money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Langley 
                  



                
            , March 9

. and
209. 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Gray 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving the aforesaid India handkerchief, knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  Mary 
                  Langley 
               



            . On the 9th of March I went up stairs, and found all my drawers pulled out: I missed thirty shillings in silver, and four shillings in half-pence: there was no body in the house but the Prisoner Campbell. When I came down stairs , I was in a terrible fright, and he was gone; he came in at night with a new checkered shirt on, and said he had been at St. Catharine's, and had got his chest (he belongs to the sea). The maid said, you have made great haste, for you have not been out of the house above half an hour - my husband is a vintner; there's no body but my husband, myself, and the maid, who live in the house - Campbell does not lodge in the house.
Q. Who was in the house?
Langley. The maid and the woman who came to wash. I had known Campbell about a week; he lay about sleeping, and I said, young man you had better go up into the garret and sleep. He went up stairs, and staid there from eight in the morning till five in the afternoon - I missed this money much about six o'clock - the money was in my own chamber, the half-pence upon the table, and the silver in the drawer where the India handkerchief was - He went out about fix, and came in again about eight. The maid said to him, you have got a new checkered shirt on; and asked him some questions. He said, what signifies your asking me so many questions; is there any thing missing? I was loth to awake my husband, who was asleep in the kitchen, and did not say any more to him then. He came in again about eleven o'clock at night, and then he had a white shirt on. I charged a watchman with him, on suspicion of stealing the money, &c. As we were carrying him to the watchhouse, coming through St. Martin's church-yard, he said he would charge me; and he said he did not care if I did transport him, for then he should go to sea. He confessed having the half-pence, and said he met 
               
                  Harry 
                  Gray 
               



             in the street, and had given him the handkerchief to pledge for him - It was pledged at the corner of the Half Moon. I sent the Beadle to the pawnbroker's for it, and he brought it to me; this is the handkerchief.


                  Joseph 
                  Ravell 
               



            . On the 9th of March, 
               
                  Henry 
                  Gray 
               



             brought this handkerchief to our house, and pawned it for a shilling - I have known Gray these four years, he is a taylor. Gray said he came from the Parliament-house in the Strand.
Q. Is not that a night-house?
Ravell. Yes, Sir. Coming from thence he met Campbell, and asked him to treat him; and he said he would if he would go and pledge that handkerchief for him. Campbell confessed he took the handkerchief , and took the half-pence off the table, in Mr. Langley's room.
Prisoner Campbell. I went to this gentlewoman's in Charles's Court in the Strand. I was very much in liquor, and sleepy: she desired me to go up and sleep. I went down to Wapping afterwards for a check'd shirt; and when I came back again, she would charge me with these things, and said, she was told I had opened the door, and took so much money. And two women came and told me, if I would own it, they would clear me; and they gave me money to say so. I had met Gray, and he asked me to treat him. I told him, if he would pawn that handkerchief I would. Mrs. Langley gave me liquor, and persuaded me to own it.
Mrs. Langley, and Mr. Ravell said, that Campbell was not in liquor, when he was before the Justice.


                  Anthony 
                  Byne 
               



            . I have heard Campbell say, that Gray was innocent of the matter.
Campbell 

               guilty
            , Gray 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


