





III. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Cammock 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew, in Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver spoon, value 12 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Travers 
                  




                
            , Esq
; December 30th
.


                  William 
                  Stevens 
               



             . The Prisoner follows a dust cart, and came the 30th of Dec. to Mr. Travers's, he came down for the dust, and the next morning I missed a spoon which lay upon the dresser in the kitchen, it was advertised, and I went to the pawnbroker's and saw it.


                  Thomas 
                  Birch 
               



             . On the 31st of Dec. the Prisoner brought a spoon to Mrs. Parson's, I looked upon the back of the spoon, said I, this spoon has a crest upon it, and it does not look to be your property, he said it was not his property, but that he came from one Miller a master brick-maker at the Pinner of Wakefield . - He said his master wanted a little money, and that he was ashamed to come himself. I desired him to tell his master to come, he went as far as Gray's-Inn-Gate , and said his master could not come, I said if he would send any body to give me satisfaction that it was his spoon I would take it in; but as he did not, I stopt the spoon and advertised it.
Prisoner. If I had stole the spoon I would not have told where I had lived; I found it in the dust cart.


                  Thomas 
                  Miller 
               



             . I am acquainted with Mr. Miller, the brickmaker, I was by at the taking of the Prisoner, he said he carried it to pawn, and that he was refused money upon it: but he said before the Justice he found it in the dust cart. - He does not belong to Mr. Miller. he is only a trouncer that follows the dust carts. Mr. Miller has whipped him out of his yard several times. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


