





264. + 
               
                  
                     Rachael 
                     Prick 
                  



               
             , of St Martin in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Watch, val. 3 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pidgeon 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his Person
            , April 23
.


                  William 
                  Pidgeon 
               



             . On the 23d of April, I had been at Drury-Lane Play-House, and as I was coming down Catherine-street in the Strand


, I went into a Shop with a Woman and had a Dram; I drank two or three Glasses of some Sort of strong Liquor, it might be Rum, Brandy, or Gin, but I cannot tell what it was; I might be there an Hour or better; I came out of the House about ten o'Clock, or it might be after ten, and the Prisoner followed me, and asked me if I would not make her drink, I said it was too late, and I was going home; I took my Watch out of my Pocket to see what o'Clock it was, and it was between ten and eleven; she put her Arm round me, and was very fond, and desired me to go into a little Court with her; I had been there but a very little while, before she went away and left me; I thought something was the Matter, because she went away in such a hurry. I put my Hand in my Pocket to feel for my Watch and it was gone. - As soon as she was gone I missed it. I wondered she went away so soon.
Q. Was there any other Person near you?
Pidgeon . No, neither Man nor Woman.
Prisoner. Ask him if he was not in Company with three other Women, 
               
                  Betty 
                  Hopkins 
               



             , &c. and tossing up for Gin?
Pidgeon. Yes, I said I was drinking at a House with another Woman. - I do not deny but what I was there with three Women.


                  John 
                  Walker 
               



            . I was Constable of the Night, and took up the Prisoner, and when she was in the Round-House, she promised the Prosecutor his Watch again if he would allow her a Guinea. I said she should not have her Liberty without going before a Justice; she was examined before Justice Frasier on Sunday, and ordered back again till Monday; and then she said something, as if the Watch was at the Prosecutor's Lodging; there were some Women came to speak for her, and they said the same. I said I would go myself for it, and when I came there the Prosecutor's Landlord gave me the Watch, it was wrapped up in this Paper.


                  Samuel 
                  Viling 
               



            . I went to Bed about eight or nine o'Clock; there was some Body knocked two or three Times at the Door before I got up; I asked who was there, I was answered, a Friend; there were two or three of them, and they said they had brought a Parcel for Mr Pidgeon. I knew Mr Pidgeon expected a Parcel out of the Country, and thought they might have brought it; and this Watch was delivered into my Wife's Hand, wrapped up in a Paper, and my Wife delivered it to me.
Prisoner. The Prosecutor run away from the Watchmen. I never saw him in my Life before, but through the Key-hole of the Door, when he was drinking with those Women. He wanted to get away from the Constable, and I stopped him, in order to enquire into the Robbery.
Prosecutor. I did not Care to have been seen in the Affair, and would have got away if I could, to have prevented this Prosecution. I would rather have lost my Watch than have been seen in it.

Prisoner. I kept a House in White-Fryers fourteen Years. I am a Velvet Cap Maker
, and make New-Market Caps, and have worked hard for my Bread. The People of our Trade would not come in my Behalf, because they do not Care what becomes of me. 


               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


