





84. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Turbutt 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               receiving a silver watch, of the value of 50 s. (which 
                     
                        William 
                        Brister 
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Theophilus 
                        Watson 
                     



                  , 
                     
                        James 
                        Roberts 
                     



                  , 
                     
                        John 
                        Potbury 
                     



                  , 
                     
                        William 
                        Billingsly 
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Gadd 
                     



                  , were this Sessions severally convicted of stealing from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Underwood 
                        




                      
                  , on the King's highway, Aug. 24.) knowing it to be stolen
            , Aug. 28
.


                  William 
                  Harper 
               



            . I know the prisoner very well, - he lives in Sharp's-alley.
Q. What business is he?
Harper. The same business as we are.
Q. What is that?
Harper. A Thief.
Q. Did he go out a thieving?
Harper. Yes, but not along with us; but I have seen him with others, they did it in a more genteel manner than we did.
Q. What! was he above you?
Harper. Yes, a great deal.
Q. Had you ever any dealings with him?
Harper. Yes, about eleven weeks ago we got in one night seven watches, three gold ones, three silver ones, and a Pinchbeck: we got one in Charter-house-lane, one in Aldersgate-street, two in King-street, another in Fenchurch-street, and that man got his arm cut. - We sold these watches to Turbutt the Prisoner the next day, we went to him in the morning, and he bid us thirty-two guineas for the seven; we thought it was too little, so we went to three Jews in Duke's-place (I don't know their names) and they would give us three pounds an ounce for the gold, but they would not give us any thing for the work; so we went back again to the Prisoner, because thirty-two guineas were better than thirty pounds. We went to one 
               
                  Jack 
                  Neale 
               



            's who lived in the alley, and from thence to one 
               
                  Tom 
                  Giles 
               



            's house, and the Prisoner gave us the thirty-two guineas - he gave the money to 
               
                  Tom 
                  Giles 
               



             (one who is not taken yet) and it was divided in Cross-lane in Holborn; we divided three guineas apiece among ten of us, and the rest of the money was spent at the Horse and Groom in Crosslane.
Q. Then he gave you a good price; do you think he knew how you came by them?
Harper. He knew what we were, and how we came by them; for he went a picking of pockets with me two years ago: when he paid us for the watches, he said we were very hard with him, and ought to give him a bottle of wine.
Q. I suppose you appeared like gentlemen?
Harper. We appeared as we could; sometimes we had a shirt, and sometimes ne'er an one.
Q. How were you dressed then?
Harper. Some were dressed clean, and some were in a ragged dress.
Q. Did you make any difference between a Sunday, and a working-day?

Harper. I never did.
Q. Did you at any other time sell him any more?
Harper. The Sunday following we sold him six watches more, four silver ones, a gold one, and a Pinchbeck; we sold them for twelve guineas.
Q. This was a good week; how much money had you left out of this?
Harper. Perhaps never a peny the next morning. Some had money left, and some had none; and may be never a shirt - we used to play with one another; and if we lost, those that won would not give the losers a drop of gin to save their lives, unless they liked them very well. There was a sword among these watches, and the Prisoner said, as he gave us twelve guineas for the watches, we must give him the sword; but I think at last he gave us two shillings, or half a crown for the sword: he said he would wear that himself - There were all ten of us present at the selling this parcel.
Q. Did you ask one another's leave who should take the money?
Harper. We did not use to rob one another in this way; we used to sink upon one another sometimes; that is, wrong one another privately.
Prisoner. I never bought a watch of them in my life, and never concerned myself with any of them. I know them no otherwise, than by their going by my door.
Harper. I have known him four years, and used to go with him picking pockets privately in the streets, and at the playhouse.
Q. Was not there a watch stolen on Bartholomew day?
Harper. Yes.
Q. What was that sold for?
Harper. It was sold for twenty-eight shillings?
Q. Who was that sold to?
Harper to the Prisoner - The watch we took from Mr. Underwood we sold to the Prisoner, on the 28th of August.
Prisoner. I keep a house in Sharp's-alley by Cowcross, and pay seven pounds ten shillings a year, and deal in horses. I go to Smithfield every Friday, and work as hard as any young fellow in England. I have a stable in Sharp's-alley that holds two horses - I have had but two or three lately.


                  William 
                  King 
               



            . I live with Mr. Downs, a dealer in horses. I have known the Prisoner these four years; I have seen him at several country fairs buying horses, and often in Smithfield: I know no otherwise but that he is a very honest fellow, and I take him to be so.


                  Samuel 
                  Atkins 
               



            . I am a baker on Puddle-dock-hill; I have seen the Prisoner in Smithfield dealing in horses
.


                  Joseph 
                  James 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner seven or eight years, and know him to be a very honest man: I am a helper to dealers in horses, the Prisoner has been a dealer five or six years.


                  John 
                  King 
               



            . I am a butcher, I have known the Prisoner three years; I bought a horse of him some time ago, and believe him to be a very honest man.
- Pridmore. I am a butcher, my uncle buys horses of the Prisoner: I have known him about a year - I am very little acquainted with him - he has the character of an honest man.
Q. Did you ever hear any body say any thing of him?
Pridmore. No.
Q. Did you ever hear any body say he was an honest man?
Pridmore. Yes, a great many. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


