





132. + 
               
                  
                     John
                      * Smith
                  



               
            , of St. Paul's Covent Garden


, was indicted for 


               stealing five silver spoons, value 40 s. and ten yards of linen cloth, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Ogle 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop
            , December 8
.
* He goes among the fraternity by the name of James the Minister.


                  Sarah 
                  Ogle 
               



            . My shop was robbed of five silver spoons, some checquered and other linen: they were found at several pawnbrokers.



                  Richard 
                  Oake 
               



            . Mrs. Ogle brought me a search warrant; there was a poor woman took Mrs. Ogle and myself to a house in Church Lane, shewed us the Prisoner, and said, that was the man that robbed her, and the Prisoner being strictly charged with it, he said, if you will forgive me, I will tell you the truth. Mrs. Ogle said, if he would discover his accomplices, it would be the better for him, for she believed somebody must have been concerned with him, because the shutters were a great weight. He denied it at first, but afterwards owned that one 
               
                  John 
                  Heatley 
               



             was concerned with him in pawning them; that the two tea-spoons were sold, one by Singing Moll, and the other by 
               
                  Grace 
                  Palmer 
               



            . This spoon was sold to one 
               
                  Michael 
                  Compigney 
               



             for 2s. 3 d. and the other to one Barber for 15 d. This spoon was pawned to Mr. Harrison by St. Giles's Church, for 7 d. and the checquered linen at one Gay's in Bowl Yard. Some of the linen was sold in Monmouth Street by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Fowls 
               



            . The Prisoner said he had no accomplices. He confessed he hove the shutters up, (two hanging shutters) himself, for they had forgot to fasten them on the inside, threw the bundle out into the street, and tumbled himself out after it, and then the shutters fell too again. He belonged to the gang of Country Dick, and several of those who were hanged.


                  Mary 
                  Thurwell 
               



             bought as much linen of Fowls as came to 9 d. and said, the Prisoner owned he sent her to sell it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Manley 
               



             bought as much of her as came to 1 s. 10 d. and heard the Prisoner say it was Mr. Ogle's linen, and that she sold it by the Prisoner's orders. 


               Guilty of the Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


