





318. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ford 
                  



               
            , of London


, was indicted for 


               stealing a watch with a gold dial-plate, the inside case metal gilt with gold, the outside case covered with leather, imitating shagreen, except the edges, value 4 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lambert 
                  




                
            , May 15
.


                  William 
                  Lambert 
               



            . I live at the corner of Abchurch lane


, in Lombard street


. On the 15th of May, I saw my boy under some concern, and he intimated that there was a watch taken out of the shop with a shagreen case, and a gold dial plate. I asked him who took it, he said there was a middle sized man, pitted with the small pox, came in to the shop, and he imagined he took it. I lodged an advertisement, which came out the 16th of May with a description of the watch and the person. I had given over all thoughts of it, and I think last Monday was 3 weeks a person sent for me to go into Bride lane, and asked me if I had not advertised a watch, and said that it was stopped, and the person with it. I went to a coffee house there, and saw the Prisoner in the coffee room up one pair of stairs; they asked me if I knew the watch, I said, that was my watch.
Q. What did you say about it to the Prisoner, or he to you?
Lambert. I could not say I never saw the Prisoner. He was carried to the Counter that night. When I was in the coach with him, he turned his face to me, and said, it lyes in your power to do me a great deal of service, and desired me to make it up, and he would have made it up at any rate, for he said his reputation would be spoilt. A gentleman intimated to him that his reputation would not be worth much long; meaning that he would not live long, that he would be hanged. I desired he would give me an account how he came by it, and he said, God knows, he could not do that. He said at first his name was 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Man 
               



            . When he was in the publick room at Guildhall, I desired him to give an account how he came by the watch; he said first he had it of one in Southamp ton Row: I said he must find out who he had it of, or else he must stand in his shoes. And when my boy saw him, he told me that was the man, and then he told me he was not the man.
Q. When the Prisoner was before the Alderman, did he deny it or not?
Lambert. He said that he bought it at the sign of the two chairmen, a publick-house near where his master lives. [ King's Street Bloomsbury ].


                  John 
                  Berry 
               



             servant to Mr. Lambert.
Q. What have you to say as to the Prisoner's taking a watch away?
Berry. I am certain, that on Wednesday the 15th of May, there was a person came into the shop very much like the Prisoner at the bar; but I cannot say the Prisoner is the person.
Q. What did he say when he came into the shop?
Berry. He asked me several questions; he asked me whether his watch was done, I told him I did not know we had any of his. He said it was an old one that he left with my master about a fortnight ago. I said if he left it, I was not at home, for I knew nothing of the matter. He said he would call again when my master was at home, and went away directly. After he was gone, I looked upon the place where the watch lay, and it was gone. There was another watch lay by it, but I missed that watch which is in court. I saw it there when he was in the shop, and knowing of no body else could come in but him, I went out to look after him, but I could not directly see which way the person went. I came in again directly, and then I was in a great concern, that the watch which was brought in when my master was out should be taken away. I acquainted my master with it, and described the person to him, as dressed in blue grey, turned up with yellow plush, and yellow buttons.
Q. Did you give any other description of him?
Berry. Yes; that he had his own hair, was middle sized, and pitted with the small-pox.
Q. Look upon the prisoner, can you or can you not take upon you to say the Prisoner is the man?
Berry. I cannot take upon me to say he is the man.
Q. Do you believe him to be the man?
Berry. There are circumstances which make me think so.
Q. Do you remember your going to Guildhall, and seeing the Prisoner in the Long Room?
Berry. Yes.
Q. What did you say to your master then?
Berry. I said he was the man.

Q. What did you say before the Alderman?
Berry. I could not be certain then.
Q. For what reason?
Berry. I thought his speech was altered, and when he was in the Long Room he was leaning.


                  John 
                  Piercy 
               



            . I live in St. Bridge's church yard, in Fleetstreet. - I am a pawnbroker. On Monday the 17th of July, the person at the bar, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ford 
               



            , came to my house, being recommended by a neighbour to borrow 10 l. I desired to see the security, and he shewed me this watch, and said it cost him 15 guineas. I said, Sir, this will not do for this money, for it is not all gold. There was a young man who waits on me was by me, he saw the name of the maker, and looks upon the register. I keep a register where I enter all the stolen watches in, every day from the advertiser. I saw that the case was not gold, though to some eyes it may appear to be gold. I asked him, is this gold? he said it was. I asked him where he bought it, he said, I bought it of a person who comes to our house. Where do you live, said I? With my Lord Portmore, he said. I said, I think it is very odd your ambition should induce you to wear a gold watch? and asked him what he was, but he did not care to satisfy me in that particular; so I did not press him. He was actually very genteely dressed, as any man could well be.
Q. Was he in a livery ?
Piercy. No, he was in the same dress he is now, as far as I could see: he might be my Lord Portmore himself, for I don't know his Lordship. I told him it was not gold, he rapped out an oath, and said, then I am deceived. My young man having looked upon the register, gave me a nod to go backwards. I looked at the advertisement, and found it agreed, so I put the watch in my pocket after this manner as I do now. He cursed me, and said, G - d - your blood, what do you mean by putting my watch into your pocket? I told him I would shew him by what authority, so I shewed him the advertisement to read; he started up and said he would soon bring the owner of it, who would release him and the watch, and make me suffer for what I had done. So as he passed out of the shop I followed him, b staying to speak to a neighbour, I lost fight of the gentleman. I went after him and met him crossing from Salisbury court to Shoe lane. I said, Sir, I want to speak with you; you must go back to my house? he said he was going to seek the person he had the watch of. I had him by the coat, and he desired me to let him go. I still insisted that he should go back with me, but when entreaties were to no purpose, I was resolved to have him back by main force, and in struggling he crossed the way, being stronger than I. Then, my Lord, he up's with a stick to strike at me, and some how or other I struck it out of his hand, and told him if he would not go decently I would cane him as he would have done me; then I suppose he thought it was the best way to go quietly, which he did. I did not think proper to carry him to my own house, so I carried him to a house shown by the name of Anderson coffee house, and sent for a constable. I asked him what the watch cost him; he said it cost 50 s. then he said he bought it at the two chairmen. I sent for Mr. Lambert, and when he came, I asked him what sort of a watch he had lost, he said it was a watch with a shagreen case, the inside metal gilt, and gilt on the edges. I asked him the number of it, and he said he believed it was from 422 to 427, [It was one of those numbers.] The next morning I went with Mr. Lambert and carried him before Alderman Gibbon, and he was committed to Newgate.
Prisoner. I think about six weeks ago I happened to go into Bloomsbury square, I met a man about my size, and he asked me to buy a silver watch, I went with him into the two chairmen, he asked me 10 l. 10 s. for it, and at last came down to 50 s. and I gave it him.


                  Ann 
                  Jones 
               



            . About six weeks ago I went into the two chairmen - in King's street, by Bloomsbury, and I saw the Prisoner and another man in a blue grey coat, and he in the blue grey was bargaining to sell a watch, and asked the Prisoner 3 guineas for it, the Prisoner said he would not give so much, he would give him 50 s. and he would give no more; and in a little time the Prisoner gave him the money.
Q. What sort of a case had it?
Jones. It looked like black leather. - I was sitting with a young woman who was waiting for somebody, and lives in the neighbourhood; and I said there were just now two men bargaining about a watch, and now they are gone: when I saw her again, she said you told me there were two men bargaining for a watch at the two Chairmen; one of those men is taken up for stealing a watch; I said I would go and see whether it was the same person.
Q. What are you?
Jones. I live with my brother 
               
                  Robert 
                  Brown 
               



             a tidewaiter in Angel Alley Whitechapel, and as he is a widower, I save him the expence of a servant. I have lived in several families in Gloucestershire, I lived with my Lady Cholmondley.



                  Thomas 
                  Caddy 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner a year and an half as a fellow servant
; he went away but last October; he lived with Mr. Nicholls of Enfield, and afterwards he went to live with my Lord Castlecomer; and when he asked Esquire Nicholls if he was honest, he said he had nothing to say against him for that.


                  John 
                  Piercy 
               



            . As to what this woman has said with respect to the manner of buying the watch, it is quite different from what he said, for he said he bought it in such a private manner, that neither the master nor the mistress of the house could tell that he bought it. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


