





88. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Palson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 2 pair of Worsted Stockings, a Hat, 17 s. in Money of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Leach 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling House
            , February, 1




                  Richard 
                  Leach 
               



             The Prisoner was a Lodger in my House. On the 8th of February, I miss'd the Goods mentioned in the Indictment, and there being no Person that I could suspect but the Prisoner, I took her up, and she confess'd the Fact before the Justice.


                  Mary 
                  Leach 
               



            . The Prisoner confess'd that she took the gold Rings out of a Drawer, and the rest of the Goods out of a Trunk in my House, and said that the Devil guided her to them.


                  Edward 
                  Messenger 
               



            . I receiv'd a Shirt and a pair of Stockings of the Prisoner and lent her 18 d. on each.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Rustead 
               



             The Prisoner brought a Shirt, and a pair of silk Stockings to our House, and my Husband lent her 3 s 4 d on them.


                  Edward 
                  Fellows 
               



             On the 5th of December I lent the Prisoner Half a-Crown on this Shirt.


                  Francis 
                  James 
               



            . I had a Search Warrant and found all these Things, at these four Pawnbrokers.


                  Dorothy 
                  Placket 
               



            . I heard the Prisoner confess that she took these Things out of Leach's House.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


