






32, 33. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Watson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Dogget 
                  , alias 
Lyons




            , of St. Giles's in the Fields



, were indicted, Watson for 


               privately stealing a Silver Watch, value 3 l. from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Head 
                        



, and Dogget for 


               receiving it, knowing it to be stolen
            , Oct. 33.


                  Wm 
                  Head 
               



            . On Friday the 30th of October

, I had been to several Places, and returning Home, I saw the Prisoner Mrs. Watson near Drury Lane, crying, and leaning her Head against a Post. She telling me that her Child had net eat a Bit of Bread that Day, I put my Hand in my Pocket, and offered her a Penny. She refused it, and said, that would hardly make her drink, but she had an Apartment hard by, and desired me to go with her. At her Request I went with her into a House in Holford's Alley

, Dogget's , I think they call it. She took me into a little Room and called for a Dram, and then she wanted me to give her a Present. I refused, upon which she knocked with her Heel, and somebody below cry'd, Above! D - n you, above. Immediately I missed my Watch, and the Prisoner left me, and I being afraid of my Life, stole down Stairs as if I had been a Thief myself. The Prisoners were taken afterwards, and Watson confessed to me at Mr. Rice's in Vinegar-Yard , that she took the Watch from me, and gave it to the other Prisoner before she got off the Stairs, and that she was to have 5 s. Poundage for pawning it.
Pris. Watson. Ask him whether an old Woman did not go into the Room to take the Candle away?
Head. No.
Watson. He pulled off his Hat when he went away, and I never saw him till the Wednesday following .
Court. Was you sober?
Head. No, I was not.


                  Prudence 
                  Rice 
               



            . I keep the Cheshire Cheese in Vinegar-Yard. One Friday Night after 10 o' Clock , - I can't tell the Day of the Month, Mr. Head came to my House very melancholy, and complained that he had lost his Watch. He said at our House all Night, and the next Day he went to find out the House. They say one Lyons keep it, and one 
               
                  Cordelia 
                  Taylor 
               



            , who uses the House, brought the Prisoner Watson to us. Mr. Head immediately took hold of her, and charg'd her with robbing him. She denied it a little at first, but afterwards she own'd she took the Watch, and that she gave it to 
               
                  Bess 
                  Dogget 
               



             upon the Stairs. Accordingly she sent for Dogget , and she denied she had it; but Watson wrung her Hands and cried and begg'd of her to let Mr. Head have it again, and notwithstanding all that she refused. Then they were carried before the Justice, and just as they were going to be committed, Dogget said, we might send to the Parliament House in the Strand for it; but no Body would go for it, and so they were sent to Prison. They were afterwards brought up for further Examination, and then Dogget own'd that she had the Watch, and that she was to have a Crown Poundage out of it.
Q to Head. When did you first miss your Watch?
Head. While I was in the Room with her, I look'd at my Watch to see what it was o'Clock, and I told her I must be at the Fountain in Cheapside before 10. She said I might do any Thing with her, but I refused to have any Thing to say to her.
Dogget. Did he see her give me the Watch, or did I bring in any Liquor?
Head. No.
Dogget. I have nothing to say, for I, never saw the Watch, nor ever serv'd them a Drop of Liquor.
Jury to Head. Was any Body else in the Room with you but Watson?
Head. One 
               
                  Ann 
                  Turner 
               



             brought up a Quartern of Gin, and just put it on the Chest of Drawers, but went away immediately, and was not near me at all.
Watson 

               Guilty
            , 


               Death
            , Dogget 

               Guilty
            .




[Dogget: Transportation. See summary.]


