






308, 309. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Moody 
                  



                
            *, and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Wandon , otherwise 
Bannister




               
             , were indicted for 


               stealing a silver tankard, value 5 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bates 
                  




                
            , June 1
.
*He was indicted by the name of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Moody 
               



            , but said his name was 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Moody 
               



            .


                  John 
                  Bates 
               



            . On Friday the first of June last I lost a silver tankard from the Red Cow


 in Smithfield


, I advertised it in Saturday's paper, and on Wednesday Bannister was stopped with part of it; Bannister was in my house three times that day, and the last time called for half a pint of beer, and went away without paying for it, and the tankard was missing.
Q. How long was it after they were gone before you missed the tankard?

Bates. I believe about three or four minutes. [There were several pieces of silver produced, which appeared to belong to a tankard, but Mr. Bates would not swear that they were part of his tankard.]


                  Sarah 
                  Vane 
               



            . I lived servant with Mr. Bates at the time the tankard was lost; Bannister came on the Friday between seven and eight at night after the horse market was over. My master being up early was sat down in the kitchen to take a nap, my mistress was in the yard, and, I was at the door. There were three gentlemen who had three tankards of beer; when they were going away there was some beer left in the tankard, and one of the gentlemen turned about to drink it. Bannister came in and asked if Robert Hall the drover was there; said I, why do you ask for drovers at this time o'night? you should have come at one or two o'clock. I fetched half a pint of beer for him, and he lighted his pipe. There was a woman came for a pint of beer in a hurry, I went down for it, and when I came up again Bannister was gone, and the tankard was gone.
Q. How far did the woman come into the house?
Vane. There was no body in the tap room but Bannister, the woman did not come into the tap room, she sat on the bench at the outside of the door. I said to my mistress, Madam, have you taken the tankard off the table? She said, No. The pipe which Bannister had just lighted lay upon the table, and he was gone without paying for his beer. On Tuesday this tankard was advertised, on Wednesday when my master was out there came in the constables with the two Prisoners: as to Moody I never saw him till he was apprehended, but as to Bannister, I am upon oath. When the constables came in they called for a tankard of beer, and I was dubious of drawing any beer in a silver tankard, because I had lost one on the Friday: when I saw Bannister I cried for joy to see him, and I said, You rogue, I believe you stole our tankard; he said, You are a wicked creature to say so, for this silver I bought of a gentleman's butler. I said, You are a rogue for stealing the tankard; I have no other way of getting my living, and you would ruin me, for my master and mistress might think that I had stole it. Moody, when he was in custody, said, if we would go to some place, I forget where it was, we might find out the lid of the tankard. I would have gone after it, and if my master had gone with a search warrant I believe we should have found the bottom and the handle of the tankard.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Bates.) You say you saw Bannister in your house?
Bates. I ask pardon, I did not see him, I was only informed so by my servant.
Prisoner Bannister. You hear her say there were three men in the house; then how can she be sure I took the tankard?
Vane . I did say so, there were three gentlemen in the house; I am upon my oath, but they went away, and left the tankard behind them.
Prisoner . An't please your honour before the Justice she said two men and a woman went out of the house together.
Vane. I come here to do justice to God and man; there was no body else in the tap room when I went to draw the beer for the gentlewoman but Bannister . I took too much remarks of him about his calling for half a pint of beer to be mistaken, for it is not usual for people on a market day to call for half a pint of beer, and smoke a pipe; and as it has sell out I am very glad I did take so much notice of him.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Sturt 
               



            . I keep a house next door to the old Seven Stars in Rosemary Lane, and sell old clothes. On Monday the fourth of June both the two Prisoners came to my house. Moody came up to me, and asked if I had any such thing as a pair of damask shoes. He got on the left side of me, and asked if I did not buy silver; he said he had got some bits to sell, and shewed them to me; said I, young man, this is either the handle of a cup or a tankard. I asked him how he came by it, he said he found it in Rosemary Lane. I asked him how he came to think that I bought silver, when I sell old clothes: he said he was recommended to me; I asked him who recommended me, he said a man in the Old Change. I said I did not care to buy it, for I was apt to think it was stole; he said he did not know but it might be so, but he found it. When my husband came down, I told him such a person had been here, he said he was angry I did not call him, for I ought to have stopped him. The Wednesday following Bannister came and asked, whether I bought silver, and said he had some little bits to sell. I think he pulled out this paper. When I found it to be plate cut to pieces it surprised me. I believed there were some pieces that seemed to be stole. I went up to my husband and acquainted him with it; he came down and examined the plate bit by bit, and asked him what he was; he said he was an old clothes man, and bought it of a gentleman's butler. My husband said he would stop it, Bannister said he could not blame any person for being careful, and that he was not afraid of any thing. My husband said, young man, stay and see the weight of your plate. We had not weights enough to weigh it at once, so we weighed an ounce and an half at a time, and when there were three ounces weighed, the Prisoner asked whether that was an ounce, I told him there were three ounces; there were five ounces in all. The neighbours told us we should stop the thief as well as the silver. I sent my boy after him, the boy came back and told me he had watched him, and he was with the Prisoner Moody at one Buckmaster's at the sign of the George by Prescot Street: they were brought to our shop, and we got a constable; I said to Bannister I charge you with stealing the plate, and the other with being a confederate ; and before the Justice Bannister said he was an old clothes man, and bought it in the street for fifteen shillings. We looked at the advertisement, and found that Mr. Bates had lost a tankard.


                  Samuel 
                  Handcock 
               



             (Headborough.) Mr. Sturt came to me and desired me to go with him to stop two thieves. We went to Mr. Buckmaster's, and there Sturt charged me with the two Prisoners. I carried them to Mr. Bates's, and when the maid (
               
                  Sarah 
                  Vane 
               



            ) saw them, she jumped, and was very joyful, she cried for joy; and said to Bannister, You are the rogue that was in the house when the tankard was lost.
Q. Did she fix upon him as the person as soon as he came into the room, or was it after she had talked with the constable?
Handcock. She jumped for joy, and said upon the first appearance of him that he was the person.


                  Jonathan 
                  Sturt 
               



            . I know nothing of any thing but only the stopping of the silver, I had it from Bannister, and he said he bought it of a gentleman's butler. I said it was broke to pieces, so that I did not care to buy it till I knew how he came by it, and stopped it; and when he came before the Justice, he said he bought it by chance in the street.
Mr. Bates and Mr. Sturt who are both silversmiths by trade, said they took the pieces of silver to be part of a tankard.
Prisoner Bannister. I went out early that morning with my bag, and I did buy it of a gentleman's servant, but do not know who he was.
Prisoner Moody. Bannister gave me the silver to sell for him, I carried it to Mrs. Sturt, and she would not buy it, so I carried it back to Bannister. The Wednesday following he desired I would take a walk with him, for he was going to sell something to fetch a little money. I knew him to be a hawker and dealer in goods, so I went along with him, and we were taken up. Moody 

               acquitted
            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Wandon 
               



             otherwise Bannister 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


