





147. + 
               
                  
                     Frances
                      Clark. otherwise 
                     
Dames




               
            , of St. Giles's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Frances 
                           Quin 
                        



                      
                   on the highway, putting her in fear, and taking from her a sheet, value 5 s. a pair of pillowbears, value 12 d. two velvet hoods, value 5 s. two gowns, value 10 s. a shirt, value 18 d. and a half shift, value 18 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Quin 
                        



, Dec. 18
.


                  Frances 
                  Quin 
               



            . The Prisoner threw me down in the Coal-yard in Drury Lane


, and took these things from me, and left me senseless just at my own door, between my own cellar and the next house. I had been at Mr. Crawford's in the Park at Southwark, and bought them there, and as I was going home, I fell down over some rubbish in Wild Street, and was very dirty. I went into a publick house, one Mrs. Murphy's, the corner of Colson's Court in Drury Lane, got some water, and washed myself, and the Prisoner [who was her maid] washed my apron, and I gave Mrs. Murphy three half peace to give her maid. Mrs. Murphy, another, the Prisoner, and I, had two pints of hot with a little gin. Between nine and ten o'clock I went away, and Mrs. Murphy insisted upon the Prisoner's going home with me?
Q. What was the reason of your going into Mrs. Murphy's?
Quin. Nothing; but only I had met with a man by Fleet Ditch who had frightened me, and I was under an apprehension that he would follow me home, and rob me, because he told me I had got tea, and that he might come in and search my house.
Q. For what purpose was Mrs. Murphy's maid to go home with you?
Quin. Because Mrs. Murphy would have her. She would have gone quite home with me, but I would not let her, because I did not like her.
Q. Did the bundle tumble from you, or did she take it from you?
Quin. She took it from me. I struggled with her to keep it, and my nose was bloody in the struggling.
Q. What time did you go out?
Quin. I went out about 11, and staid in the Borough till between 5 and 6.
Q. What did you drink all that time?
Quin. Only one pint of beer in the Borough. I drank no where else. When I came home I told my daughter I had been robbed. She went to Mrs. Murphys and asked if her maid was come home; she said, no. My daughter told her she had robbed me. Mrs. Murphy said, then she should be ruined, and her house indicted. The next day Mrs. Donelly delivered my daughter the gowns, the pillowbear, and the boy's shirt, which the prisoner had left with her.
Q. What did she say to you as you went along?
Quin. She said, d - n the woman, why does not she go home - I can't tell why she d - d me, or why she wanted to go home with me, unless it was to take the things from me when I got in.
Q. Did she offer to do you any harm when you was down?
Quin. I can't say she did.
Prisoner. I am very innocent of the matter; she was so much in liquor that she could not stand.
Quin. It was no such thing. I was as sober as I am now.


                  George 
                  Sherrard 
               



            . I know the prisoner as being a servant
 in the neighbourhood. She came the 18th of December at night, and brought me this old linen gown; and I lent her half a crown upon it.
Quin. This gown was in the bundle she took from me.


                  James 
                  Deary 
               



            . On the 18th of December between 11 and 12 at night as I was passing by to my stand, I saw the prisoner standing at a door in Great Queen street, with a soldier, said I, what are you going to be married? She had a bundle, and I saw a shirt with ruffles hanging out. She said she was married, and those were her husband's things. Said I, Where is your husband ? she said, he was just by. I asked the man if he was her husband, he said, he never saw her in his life before. I met one of her companions, who said, Fanny, you will certainly be hanged if you don't tell the watchman the truth. She was very drunk indeed. I took the bundle, and carried her to the constable; and there was a sheet and a half shift in it.


                  Richard 
                  Fellon 
               



            . I am a watchman in Drury lane, between 11 and 12 o'clock I saw these things in a bundle in the prisoners lap.


                  Eleanor 
                  Quin 
               



            . There was a man came by and said he saw my mother lying upon the ground; that she had been robbed, and he saw a woman put some things in her apron, and carry them away. I went to Mrs. Murphy's and asked her whether her maid was come home, she said, no. I said, she had robbed the person she went home with. She said, it was hard that she should lie under that slur; desired us to make ourselves easy, and she would get us the things again. Next day I went to Mrs. Donelly's, and she gave me the things with her own hand; but I don't know how she came by them.
Q. Had not your mother been drinking?


                  Eleanor 
                  Quin 
               



            . I think she had not. I don't think she was in liquor, if she had, she could not have told me the things she lost.
Prisoner. Mrs. Quin delivered the things to me in my mistress's house. She was so much in liquor, that she could not carry them herself. I am 23 years of age on Midsummer day. There is one in Mrs. Murphy's house who heard Mrs. Quin say she would not have troubled herself with me, only for the sake of the reward. 


               Guilty of the felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


