





273. + 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Davis 
                  , late of the parish of St. Andrew Holborn


, London, Spinster
, otherwise Ann, the wife of Anderears 
Boswell




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, three silk gowns, val. 3 l. one silk petticoat, val. 5 s. one cotton gown, val. 10 s. one pair of jumps, val. 10 s. two cotton caps, val. 2 s. three shirts, val. 12 s. two long lawn aprons, val. 4 s. one pair of silk stockings, val. 2 s. 6 d. one quilted stuff petticoat, val. 5 s. the goods and chattels of 
                     
                        
                           Matth.ew 
                           Morton 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling house
            , May 1st
.


                  Matthew 
                  Morton 
               



            . On the 1st of this instant, my wife and daughter were gone out: and these things were lost out of a fore-room up stairs (there is a door to the entry, on one side of the shop) and when my wife and daughter came home, they missed them. I advertised them several times, and on the 13th of this month, Mr. Sherrar, a pawnbroker, came to me, and said, he believed by an advertisement he had seen, he had got some of my things in his custody; that he knew the woman who brought them, for she had been several times at his shop, and may be she might come again; and if she came again, he would stop her: and he stopped her with a gown and a pair of stays. The Prisoner said before Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  De Veil 
               



            , that her husband's name was Evans, and that he was a journeyman carver, and lived in Dirty Lane in Holborn; but I found her habitation to be in Parker's Lane in Drury Lane: and I found the chints gown, and the black silk gown and petticoat in her lodging, picked to pieces.


                  John 
                  Sherrar 
               



            . The Prisoner at different times brought to me, one gown, three shifts, one apron, an under petticoat, and a pair of jumps. On the 13th of May, I saw these things advertised, and they are very remarkable; so I went to Mr. Morton's, and acquainted him with it. The Prisoner came next day, and I stopped her: she used to bring wearing apparel of her husband's, almost every week, and I never suspected her.
Q. What is her husband?
Sherrar. He is a journeyman carver, his name is Boswell, he is a man of a pretty good reputation, he works with a carver in Long Acre. She said, she lived in Dirty Lane in Holborn; (there are two places called Dirty Lane,) one in Holborn, and the other in Long Acre; and I found she lodged in Parker's Lane in Drury Lane.
Prisoner. I was at my chairwoman's house on the 1st of May, from two o'clock in the afternoon, till eleven at night; and Mr. Morton said, they were taken away at two o'clock on the first of this instant. I met an acquaintance of mine, one Mrs. Jones, who lived in Essex, one day as I was going to Clare Market, and she told me, her aunt was dead, and had left her her clothes, and desired to know, if I could recommend her to an honest pawnbroker: I told her I knew a very honest man; then she desired me to pawn them for her; I said, I was not willing to do it, she had better pawn them herself; but as she desired me to do it, I pawned them to Mr. Sherrar, where I used to go, and I would have taken her up to have cleared my self, if I could have found her. She said, she would pull the black gown and petticoat to pieces, to make herself mourning for her aunt.
Mr. Blower. Your landlady said, you had picked that black gown to pieces.
Prisoner. I told Mr. Sherrar I was very sorry they were stolen, and that the woman I had them from was at the end of the street.
Sherrar. She did say the woman she had them of [Mrs. Jones] was waiting at the end of the street; I sent to see, and there was no such person there.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Rollison 
               



            . The Prisoner lodged in my house six or seven months, and she always behaved very well.
Q. What business is her husband?
Rollison. Her husband is a carver.
Q. What does she do for her living?
Rollison. She used to dress victuals, and wash and mend for her husband.


                  Frances 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am a chairwoman, I have washed for the Prisoner and her husband. On the first of May, I think it was, she came to me for a shift and an apron.
Q. What day of the week was it?
Brown. It was on a Wednesday about two o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. How long ago is it?
Brown. I can't tell whether this May is out*.
*The Prisoner was tried the last day of May.
Q. What May was it?
Brown. It was last May, I think.
Q. What day of the month was it?
Brown. It was one day in May, I cannot tell what day; I remember particularly it was on a Wednesday.
Q. How do you know it was on a Wednesday?
Brown. I know by my work; because it was a leisure day, and I generally wash on Thursday.
Q. When was you called upon to say this?
Brown. This was about a week ago: When I heard the news I was surprised at it.
Q. Are you sure it was on a Wednesday?
Brown. Upon my oath it was on a Wednesday.
Prisoner. If I had stole these things, I should hardly carry them to pawn, when they were all marked.
Morton. I understand this man [Boswell] is not your husband; for he has another wife.
Prisoner. He is my husband, Davis is my maiden name.


                  Thomas 
                  Evans 
               



            . I am a barber and perriwig-maker.
Q. Where do you live?
Evans. The last place I lived in, was in Bow-street Covent Garden.
Q. Was you a house-keeper there?
Evans. Yes.
Q. In what part of Bow-street did you live?
Evans. In Jackson's Alley.
Q. How long did you live there?
Evans. About nine months. I have been in the infirmary nine weeks for fits; and then my goods were seized for rent. Before that, I lived five years in Short's Gardens.
Q. What do you know of the Prisoner?
Evans. I have known the Prisoner a great many years, she was born in St. Giles's parish.
Q. Did you ever hear of any dishonestly by her?

Evans. She married one Boswell a carver.
Q. Have you ever heard of her behaving ill?
Evans. Now and then there has been a warrant.
Q. What warrants were they?
Evans. Not capital warrants, only warrants about scolding.
Q. Has she a good or a bad character?
Evans. She has a good character, for what I know.
Morton. Do you remember that she was ever here before?
Evans. I don't know that she was; she never was here to my knowledge.
Morton. Did you never hear that she has been here?
Evans. No, I never did.
Prisoner. Mr. Morton said, he took up another woman, for selling a sheet in Rag Fair.
Morton. There was a chairwoman who worked for us, pawned a sheet there; but that was before I lost these things. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


