





462. + 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Evans 
                  



               
            , of St John the Evangelist


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a Sattin Gown, value 20 s. a Woman's Cloak, value 5 s. a linnen Sheet, and other Things, and a Guinea and a half, the Goods and Money of 
                     
                        John 
                        Johnson 
                     




                   , in his Dwelling
            , Sept. 6
.
John Johnson. This Woman picked me up one Saturday-Night, about 11 o'clock, in King-street, Westminster


; I was going Home, and she ran after me, and asked me where I was going, I told her Home; she said she was going my Way to see for her Husband. She could not find her Husband; so I took her Home with me to make my Bed, and then we went to Bed together. About three o'clock in the Morning I awaked, and missed Madam ; I immediately went to my Drawers, and found my Wife's clothes gone. I lost a Gown, a long camlet Cloak, a pair of Sheets, a Shift, three Razors, and a Guinea and an half.


                  Josh.
                   Rinstead
               



             . On Sunday Morning about 6 weeks ago, the Prisoner was swearing in St Ann's-Lane , that she had got good Gold and Silver, and good cloaths, since she came out of Newgate : I went into King-street, and met with the Prosecutor, who told me he had been robb'd; I followed the Woman immediately, and took her with the Goods upon her.


                  Ann 
                  Fulner 
               



            . On Sunday Morning the 6th of September, the Prisoner knocked at my Door, and told me, she was come to pay me the 6 d. she borrowed of me; she gave me a Shilling, I could not give her change, so would have given it her again, but she would not take it. She opened her Hand, and I saw a Guinea in it, I asked her how she came by it? and she said, her Brother had sent her more Money besides that; but she had spent it, and she gave it me to keep for her.
Prisoner . I was coming along King-street, and this Man overtook me; he asked me to go along with him, for he had a House full of Lodgers, and no Wife, nor any body to clean his House: I went home with him, and he gave me a gown and coat, and I was to work it out. I never was in his House before, how then could I find the way out of it in the dark?
Johnson. I gave her nothing but some Small-Beer, and a Pipe of Tobacco.
Prisoner. I have no witnesses. There is my Mistress, she knows I never wrong'd her of a Pin.
Fulner. She was always honest to me. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


