





6. 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Tomlinson 
                  



               
             , of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing an earthen Mug tipped with Silver, value 12 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Brignall 
                  




                
            , Oct. 24
.


                  Edward 
                  Brignall 
               



             . I keep the Horse-shoe Alehouse
 in the Strand


, the Prisoner had used my House about a Fortnight or three Weeks, and in that Time I had lost two Mugs. My Man suspected the Prisoner, because he went often into the Yard, and advised me to secrete myself upon the Stairs; he came in about five or six Days, I went upon the Cellar Stairs and secreted myself; and when he thought the Way was clear he unlocked the Cupboard Door, took out a Mug, put it into the Breast of his Coat, and carried it backward, and threw it into a Hole; when he came in I perceived he had nothing about him: Some Time after I thought he was going to fetch the Mug, or to knock it to Pieces, I took a Candle, and found it in a Hole covered over; said I, are you not a Villain to rob me; so he asked me what Damage I had sustained by him, and he would give me a Note for the Money - I told him I would be as favourable as I could.


                  John 
                  Bush 
               



             . The Prisoner came that Evening between 4 and 5 o'Clock, and I hid myself on the dark part of the Stairs to watch him till he came out of the Yard, and I saw him lay his Hand upon the Cupboard Door, but some Body coming in prevented him; and after that my Master caught him.
The Prisoner said it was strange that he should let me stay in the House an Hour after, and not charge me with it; and said if I would give him a Guinea nothing should be said of it.
This was denied by the Prosecutor, who said, he did not design to let him go till he had charged him with it. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


