





169. 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Thompson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two Linnen Shirts, Value 5 s. and one Cambrick Handkerchief
            , the Goods and Chattels of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Skettle 
                  




                
            .


                  Hannah 
                  Skettle 
               



            . The Prisoner came into my Room last Friday, and robb'd me of these Things the same Day.
Q. In what Room?
Skettle. At my Room in Tothill-Fields, in St. George's Parish


.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Anne 
                  Powell 
               



            .) What do you know of this Matter?
Powell. I keep an open Shop, a Cloaths Shop, and the Creature, this Woman, accus'd with stealing two Shirts, brought them to me; I ask'd her how she came by them; and she told me they were her Husband's.
Q. Are you a Broker? When did she bring these Shirts?
Powell. On Friday, my Lord; I knew the Prisoner when a Child, but I have not seen her for some Years, nor have I had any Knowledge of her.
Q. How did she come by them?
Powell. She said they were her Husband's, and he sent her into Monmouth-Street to sell them; but as she knew me she brought them to me; they were dirty, I gave Six-pence for washing them. I gave her a Market-Price for them.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Skettle.) Now tell me how she came into your Room.
Skettle. The Prisoner own'd before Justice De Veil that she had my Shirts.
Q. What did she own?
Skettle. She own'd before the Woman, the Witness, that she had them from my Room.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Will you ask this Woman, the Witness, any Questions?
The Prisoner had nothing to say to the Purpose.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


