






404, 405. 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Otter 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Brown 
                  



                
             , were indicted for 


               stealing six shirts and a cotton gown
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Mandineau 
               




             , August 15th
.


                  John 
                  Mandineau 
               



             . I lost six shirts.
Q. Where did you lose them from?
Mandineau. From my own house at Bethnal-Green


 , out of the Garden where they were drying
Q. What time were the prisoners taken?
Mandineau. The same day, and were carried before a Justice, and they denied the fact. I was with them before the Justice.


                  John 
                  Nutbrown 
               



            . I was going along Bethnal-Green with my brother, on the 15th of August, between eleven and twelve, and we saw the two prisoners, one was on the top of a bank, and the other in a ditch; my brother said he believed they were rogues, and the man upon the bank had a bundle; and then he came down the bank and they made them into two bundles, and then they separated, one went over one field and the other over another.
Q. Do you know their names?
Nutbrown. One is 
               
                  James 
                  Brown 
               



            , and the other is 
               
                  Francis 
                  Otter 
               



             ; one was taken by one and the other by another . Otter drew a knife twice upon me, and I had nothing in my hand, and there was a man coming along, and they were taken and carried before Justice Norris.
Q. Who secured the linnen?
Nutbrown. We left the linnen behind, and I believe this little boy my brother took up the linnen.
Q. Who appeared before the Justice to accuse the prisoners?
Nutbrown. A person who is here, and lives upon Bethnal Green had the linnen.

Q. Whose was the linnen?
Nutbrown . It was John Mandineau's , and we went into his garden and he said he had lost the linnen .


                  M. 
               


            - . I went to go after the prisoners, and one of them held up a stick, as much as to say, what he would do if we followed him, and I went into a public house just by to get more help ; and Otter got his basket off his head and pulled down the person that went with me.
Q. What is he?
Witness. A baker; they are both baker

s, as I am informed ; Otter had a bundle tied up in a handkerchief, and the other had a bundle rolled, and when they found they were pursued they dropped the linnen and parted, one took one way, and the other another. And when we got to Hackney-town we took the prisoners.
Both 

               Guilty
             .





[Transportation. See summary.]


