





194. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Middleton 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles's Cripplegate


, London, was indicted for 


               stealing a canvas bag, val. 1 d. and 4 s. and 2 d. three farthings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Stanniford 
                  




                
            , March 14
.


                  Walter 
                  Stanniford 
               



            . I keep a publick house
 at the Woolpack in Jewin-street


. The Prisoner came to my house at nine o'clock in the morning, and staid till five in the afternoon; he was there with his child, I went up stairs to my wife, and when I came down, I found my cupboard broke open, and my brother called to me to come down to give change for a shilling; when I came down, Mr. Middleton gave a shilling to change, I went to my cupboard, and I found there was a bag missing.
Q. What was there in it?
Stanniford. Four shillings and two pence three farthings.
Q. Was it a bag of halfpence?
Stanniford. Yes. I believe there was 6 d. in silver. I said somebody must know something of it, and I mentioned it to the company then there; and Mr. Middleton offered to stand search. My brother came to Mr. Middleton, hit his hand against his pocket and heard something gingle, and he said here it is, and he took it out of his pocket. Mr. Middleton said he did it in a joke, and desired for the sake of his wife and child, that I would forgive him.
Q. Was the cupboard locked?
Stanniford. Yes.
Q. Where was it?
Stanniford. In the bar backwards.
Q. Is the money in it as it was when you left it?
Stanniford. It is the same money as it was taken out of his pocket?
Q. Do you know any of the pieces?
Stanniford. Yes. There was a piece with a boar's head.
Q. Was that in it when the cupboard was broke open?
Stanniford. It was.


                  Thomas 
                  Stanniford 
               



            . The company were forward, and I saw the Prisoner go backward, and I am sure no body else went backward but him.
Q. What did he go for?
Stanniford. I believe he went to the little-house.
Q. How long was your brother gone up stairs?
Stanniford. I believe about four or five minutes. I called my brother down to give change to somebody for a pint of beer; when he came down, he went to the bar to give change for a shilling, and missed the money; and the Prisoner gave my brother a shilling to change, and my brother said, the cupboard was broke open: and he said, he would have them all searched, and the Prisoner offered to stand search, and said, what did I mean by questioning such a person as him? so I went and struck my hand against his pocket, and I heard the halfpence gingle, and took the bag out of his pocket, and I said, I have a mind to strike it down your throat, only it would be wasting it upon you.
Q. How came you to suspect the Prisoner?
Stanniford. Because he was more ready to strip and be searched than the rest; and he said, he took it out of a joke off the bar.
Prisoner. Did not you see me take it off the bar?
Stanniford. I did not.
Prisoner. Did not I say I had a mind to have a joke with your brother?
Stanniford. No, you did not.
Prisoner. The Prosecutor was by and saw me take it off the bar.
Q. to Mr. Stanniford. Who was in the house at that time?


                  Walter 
                  Stanniford 
               



            . One Mr. Evans.


                  William 
                  Evans 
               



            . I was in the house the 14th of March, and saw the bag taken out of his pocket.
Q. Did not the Prisoner say he took the money in order to play a joke upon his brother?
Evans. He did not.
Q. Did he go backwards?
Evans. He went backwards out of my company.


                  John 
                  Hastings 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner five or six years, and never heard any thing against him, and used now and then to spend an evening with him.
Prisoner. Was not you with the Prosecutor?
Hastings. Yes.
Prisoner. What did he say to you?
Hastings. The Prosecutor told me he had no witness against him but his brother, and the Prosecutor himself said, he did not see his brother take it out of his pocket.


                  William 
                  Hunt 
               



            . I live in Southampton-street, Covent-Garden, I am a taylor; I have kept company with the Prisoner eight or nine years, and never knew any ill of him. I think his father was a broker in Houndsditch.
Q. to Mr. Stanniford. What does he prosess?


                  Walter 
                  Stanniford 
               



            . I don't know, he went by the name of captain. he lived in Jewin-street.



               Guilty
            .
When he came to receive sentence he begged for corporal punishment, and said, he was an ensign in General 
               
                  Pepperel
               


            's regiment at the taking of Cape Breton, and was sent home with an express by Commodore Knowles.




[Transportation. See summary.]


