





2. 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Watson 
                  



               
            , of St Martins , Ludgate


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Cotton Handkerchief, Value 6 d. and a Tortoiseshell Snuff-box lined with Silver, with a Silver Rim and Hinge, Value 10 s
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Lacour 
                  




                
            , October 25.


                  Isaac 
                  Lacour 
               



             . On the 25th of October
 last, I was coming from the other End of the Town, with my Brother Dr Lacour, and at the Corner of the Old-Bailey


 I felt a Fellow fumbling at my Pocket; I laid hold of the Prisoner at the Bar; said I, you have robbed me of my Handkerchief: Says my Brother, he has not only robbed you of your Handkerchief, but has just dropped your Snuff-box into the Channel; and it was taken out of the Channel wet: Said I, do you look after the Box, and I will secure the Fellow. + - I am positive I felt that Fellow at my Pocket. - I took him immediately: I could not find the Handkerchief upon him, but believe it to be taken out of my Pocket at that Time. - I did not know he had taken the Snuff-box, but my Brother saw him drop it; I charged a Constable with him, and the next Day he was carried before one of the Aldermen, and committed to Newgate.
+ The Breaks, in This and other Trials, are to shew, that what follows is in Answer to Questions put to the Witnesses; which Questions are omitted, when the Answers sufficiently denote what they were.
Dr 
               
                  Philip 
                  Lacour 
               



            . I was with my Brother, and coming by the Corner of the Old-Bailey, I saw him lay hold of that Fellow, and heard him say, you have picked my Pocket of a Handkerchief; it was just by a Grocer's, and he carried him into the Grocer's Shop: I took the Box out of the Channel, and brought it in wet. - It is a large Box, this is the Box I took out of the Channel; I took a Pinch a Snuff out of it at Brown's Coffee-House about half an Hour before; I saw the Prisoner throw something out of his Hand, and I take it to be this Box by the Sound, on the falling of it.
Prisoner. As I was coming by Fleet-ditch, I bought a Halfpenny worth of Walnuts, and eat them all the Way I went, and threw the Shells away, and the Gentleman took it to be a Snuff-box, when it was only a Parcel of Walnut-shells, and nothing else.
Dr Lacour. It did not found any Thing like Walnuts, it fell like something heavy.
Prisoner. I am a Porter
; I fetch Carcasses from Clare-Market, and I desire I may have my Trial put off; it is very hard I should be cast without any Body to speak for me. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


