






122, 123. + 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Brown 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Eakins 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing 2 Holland Shirts, val. 10 s. a Holland Shirt, val. 5 s. a Damask Table-Cloth, val. 20 s. a Dimitty Petticoat, val. 3 s. 3 Linnen Aprons, val. 3 s. a Child's Petticoat, val. 6 d. a Frock, val. 2 s. 6 d. and a Napkin, val. 1 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cartwright 
                        



                      
                  . And 4 Shirts, val. 20 s. a Shift, val. 2 s. 6 d. and 2 Aprons, val. 2 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Langton 
                        



                      
                  . 3 Shirts, val. 7 s. 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Butler 
                        



                      
                  , 3 Sheets, val. 3 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Burnet 
                        



                      
                  ; 3 Sheets, val. 15 s. a Table-Cloth, val. 7 s. 6 d. 7 Napkins, val. 7 s. 8 Holland Pillowbears, val. 8 s. and a Bolster-Case, val. 1 s. the Goods of 
                     



                  , in the Shop of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Hibbin 
                     



, December 24
.


                  Mary 
                  Harold 
               



            . I wash Linnen, for several Persons. On the 24th of December, I left a Bundle, (with the several Things in it, which are mentioned in the Indictment) at Mrs. Hibbin's Shop in Fenchurch-street


, while, I went to another Customer, for more Linnen. When I returned, the Bundle was gone. [The Witness recounted the Things in the Bundle, and named the Proprietors.] Mrs. Hibbin not knowing what was become of them, I advertised them, in the News-Papers; after which the 2 Prisoners were taken, and one of the Shirts which I had lost, [and was Mr. Cartwright's] was taken upon Eakins's Back; it was taken off, before the Justice, and Madam Cartwright own'd it, I knew it by the Mark I put on it before I put it into the Wash. Since this, we have found several other Things, which I know were in the Bundle, when it was taken away. Here's a Pair of Sheets, but I can't be so positive to them, as I am to this Table-Cloth.
Mrs. Cartwright. I can swear to the Sheets.
Eakins. I would ask her, if she did not say she could not swear to the Shirt, that was found upon me?
Harold. I said I could not swear to a Shirt upon a Man's Back; but when it was pulled off, I saw my red Mark on it, and was positive to it.
Brown. I would ask her, whether she can swear to the Shirt which was taken off my Back?
Harold. No; I can't swear to that.


                  Hannah 
                  Cole 
               



            . I was in Mrs. Hibbin's Shop when the Prisoner Brown came in and asked for a Pair of Garters; (she keeps a Haberdasher's Shop.) I shewed him some Garters, and asked him 6 d. for a Pair; He bid me 3 Pence for them, which I told him I could not take. Then, says he, give me a Penny-worth of black Worsted. I gave it him, and he threw the Penny behind the Counter, and I took the Candle and stooped down to look for the Money. When I got up, the Bundle was gone. I saw no Person in the Shop, but Brown, and he told me, while I was looking for the Money, that one of the Half-pence was this Way, and the other, was that Way; so while I was looking for them the Bundle was taken.
Brown. Can you swear I took the Linnen out of the Shop?
Cole. I can't do that, - but there might be some-body with you who did it.


                  Celia 
                  Jones 
               



            . I have nothing to say against the Prisoners; but Mr. Justice Lade sent for my Sister and me, to see if we owned a Shirt, and a Table-cloth. They both proved to be my Brother and and Sister Cartwright's. I delivered them to Mrs. Harold to be washed.
Mrs. Burnet. I went upon Notice from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Lade 
               



            , and swore to a Pair of Sheets; the Mark in the upper Sheet has been picked out, but I knew it again: 'tis made of Yard and half-wide Holland. The other is common coarse Cloth. I swear to them. They were delivered by my Servant to Mrs. Harold.


                  Ralph 
                  Mitchell 
               



            . One Harris, and Proctor being taken up, and sent to the New Goal, Harris informed us of this Robbery, and said he believed if we took the Prisoners soon, we should find two of the Shirts upon their Backs. We took them both, and the Shirt upon Eakins was own'd, but that upon Brown, was not sworn to. They each of them desired to be admitted an Evidence, and Brown said if the Favour was granted him, he would tell where all the rest of the Linnen was. Accordingly by his Directions, we found the Sheets, and the Table-cloth.
Brown. He knew I was a misfortunate Man before, and so he asked me to turn Evidence, but I told him I knew nothing of the Matter. Pray was there any Evidence against us when we were taken?
Mitchell. Yes; that of Proctor and Harris.
The Jury found them 


               guilty of Felony, but acquitted them of taking out of the Shop
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


