







168. +
               
                  Michael 
                  Smith
               



             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Cowley 
                        



                      
                   , in the Parish of St Botolph Bishopsgate



, about the Hour of 7 at Night, and stealing a Stuff-Damask Gown. a green Poplin Gown, an ash colour'd Petticoat, and a black Calamanco quilted Coat, val. 2 s.
            
Jan. 31

.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Harris 
               



             . I took the Prisoner on Suspicion of his having broke open a House in Wapping, last Saturday was se'n-night, and carried him before Mr Justice Jones, where he made an Information of some Robberies he had committed, and among them he acknowledged this Fact. This is the Information; I saw Justice Jones sign it, and the Prisoner set his Mark to it. It was read over to him, and he afterwards signed it voluntarily, and without Compulsion.
The Paper was read, and as much of it as related to the present Fact, was to the Effect following.
'' This Informant faith, that he, together with '' 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Addley 
               



            , and 
               
                  George 
                  Fleming 
               



            , about a '' Month ago, broke open a House in Old Bedlam



, '' near Bishopsgate-Street



 , from whence they '' stole 2 Gowns, and 2 Petticoats, which they '' delivered to 
               
                  Esther 
                  Moyer 
               



             of Houndsditch.''
Harris . We made Enquiry after this Moyer , but she is not to be found. As we were carrying the Prisoner to Goal, he shewed us Mr Cowley's f House, and told us. it was the House they broke open.



                  Jane 
                  Cowley 
               



            . My Husband is ill, and cannot come out. All I know of the Matter is, that about 5 Weeks ago, I lock'd my Door with a Padlock and went up Stairs to pass my Time with a Lodger above Stairs, because my Husband was then abroad. I came down again in half an Hour, and found the Door broke open, and the Padlock taken off; and I missed several things, - a Damask Gown, which cost me 50 s. a black quilted Coat, and other things, which all belonged to me. When I fastened the Door and went up Stairs, it was not Daylight, not yet Candlelight, as one may say, for it was between 6 and 7 o'Clock. I believe I could have distinguished a Man's Face, if I had seen it. - I never was in such a Broil as this in my Life before. 


               Acquitted of the Burglary, Guilty of the Felony
            .
169. + He was again indicted, with 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Pope 
                  



                
            , for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hudson 
                        



                      
                  , between 6 and 7 at Night, and stealing a Pair of Linnen Sheets, value 5 s. a Pillowbier, val. 6 d. a Cambrick Apron, value 5 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Stogdon 
                        



                      
                  . Two Cambrick Aprons, value 10 s. 3 Cambrick Mobbs lac'd, value 2 l. 10 s. and several other things, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Moody 
                        



                      
                  ; and a Box-Iron and Heater, val. 2 s. and 3 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hudson 
               



            . Jan. 15

. Smith 


               guilty of the Felony only
            . Pope 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


