






391. 
               
                  RicHARD 
                  Welch 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Salver, val. 10 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Riley 
                     




                   , in the Middle Temple
            , June 24
.


                  Samuel 
                  Riley 
               



            . I am Chief Butler to the Society of the Middle Temple
; I have been in this Office 12 Years; but I have been Butler 20 Years in all. In Term-time, I have Part of the Plate in my Custody; 'tis delivered to me by Mr Brounker, the Treasurer, and I give him a Receipt for such Plate as he delivers into my Custody; I likewise give a Bond of Security to the Society in general, for the faithful Execution of my Office; and from time to time that 'tis delivered to me, till I return it back to Mr Brounker, no one has any Authority to take it away. When I bring it for Use, into the Hall, as soon as 'tis done with, I take it back again into my Custody, and have the sole Charge of it, and keep it in a Place appointed for that purpose, and which is under my Care. On the 24th of June last, which was in Trinity-Term , it was our Grand Day; and this is the Plate which I lost that Day out of the Middle-Temple-Hall , about 5 o'clock in the Afternoon. This Salver is the Fellow to what we then lost; - we have 4 of them in all. There's the Temple Arms upon it, and I can swear 'tis what I lost. I missed it about 5 o'clock, and had it in my Hand, about half an Hour before. I had it (with other Plate) in my Custody, from the Beginning of Easter-Term to that Time, and did not deliver it back for the short Vacation, between Easter and Trinity, so I kept it for the two Terms. This Receipt I signed for the Plate at the Time it bears date. It was read. '' April 21, 1740. Received all the Plate from Mr Brounker into my Custody, as mentioned Page 39 of this Book.'' I saw Page 39 several times, before I signed the Receipt, and this Piece of Plate among others is there mentioned, - 4 Salvers, with the Arms marked p T B. Those Letters stood for the Name of the Treasurer: Mr Broderick was Treasurer when this Plate was made. Some Time after it was lost, I heard by an Advertisement, that one Mr Urton, a Pawnbroker, had stopped a Piece of Plate; I went to him, and found 2 Pieces in his Custody, (which belonged to the Feet of the Salver) the whole Bottom I found in the Prisoner's Lodgings, up 2 pair of stairs, in Windmill street, where he was taken. He told me himself that he lodged there. We found the Door locked, and upon entring the Room and searching it, we discovered the Plate upon a Shelf over the Door; it had been burnt in the Fire and bent back, almost quite double. The Pieces which we found at Mr Urton's belong to it.
Couns. What do you take the Plate to be worth?
Mr Riley. There is the Weight engraved on the Back of it, 42 Ounces 7 Penny-weights, therefore it must be worth above 10 l. I was with the Prisoner before the Justice, who took his Confession in Writing.
Sir Edward Hill. I read his Confession to him, and he sign'd it in my Presence. The Confession was taken by me, and acknowledged before me, the 14th Day of July, 1740.
'' The Examination and voluntary Confession of '' 
               
                  Richard 
                  Welch 
               



            , of St James's Westminster, Labourer
, '' taken before me this 14th Day of July, '' 1740. Who saith, That on or about the latter end '' of June last, he found means to get into the Middle-Temple-Hall


 , '' and seeing a Silver Salver stand '' upon a Shelf there, he took it away, and brought '' it to his own Apartment; where he broke off '' the Feet, and otherwise defaced it; and offering '' Part of the Feet to Mr Urton, a Pawnbroker, '' they were stopped by the said Urton, who advertising '' them, occasioned Him to be found out. '' This Examinant farther saith, That he makes '' this Confession voluntarily, and without any Menaces, '' and farther says not.


                  Samuel 
                  Urton 
               



            . The Prisoner brought only these Pieces of the Feet to me, on the 5th of July, - the Saturday before I advertised them in the Papers. He wanted to pledge them; I taxed him hard, and he said they were his own; but would not tell any Thing farther, for he told me that wa s enough. I had taken some of them 3 Days before; these two Pieces with the Holes in them, I took the Thursday before; for I knew the Prisoner, - I had known him 8 or 10 Years, but always very poor; so I took these Pieces, and he told me, he had brought them from a Working Silversmith. But when he came with these small Bits on the Saturday following, I stopped him. I was present when the Prisoner's Room was searched, and found the Bottom of the Salver upon the Shelf over the Door, in his Room. I take these Pieces to belong to it.
The Counsel for the King to prove the Indictment properly laid, took notice, that as the Case stood, it was the best way, to lay the Goods as the Property of Mr Riley, who was Chief Butler of the Middle-Temple, and says the Plate is delivered into his Charge, and that he is answerable for it: that therefore he has a temporary Possession, and consequently a good Property. That this Case might be compared to that of a Carrier, to whose Care Goods are committed, which Goods are said to be the Carrier's pro Tempore, because he has them for a Time, to bring them to the Place designed. That this was a similar Case; Mr Riley having, pro Tempore, the same Possession, as appeared from his Evidence. That in the Case of a Taylor, - If Cloth be delivered to a Taylor, and a Felon steal it, and an Indictment against him be fram'd, the Cloth may be said to be the Property of the Taylor. That in Pulton, de Pace, Fol. 70. Sect. 18. The Words are, If a Man deliver Cloth to a Taylor, and a Felon steal it, the Felon may be indicted for stealing the Goods of the Taylor. It was further urged, that if Goods are delivered to a Bailiff, and he is liable to return them, or is answerable for them, if the Person who owns them, or has the Property in them, comes privately, and takes them away, without the Knowledge of the Bailiff, it is Felony. Vid. Coke's Institutes, Folio 110. It was therefore hop'd, that this was a proper Indictment, because Mr Riley had a special Property in the Goods, and a just Possession.
The Court was of the same Opinion, and the Jury found the Prisoner 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


