





314. 
               
                  
                     Jasper 
                     Godley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the twenty-first of August
, thirty Yards of check Linen, value 36 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Newy 
                  




                
            .


                  Richard 
                  Moseley 
               



            . About eight o'Clock in the Morning I went out of the Shop, and then saw these Goods lying on the Counter, in about a Quarter of an Hour afterwards I was told that the Shop was robb'd; and that our young Man had took the Thief, and brought him back.


                  Joseph 
                  Nott 
               



            . I did not see the Prisoner come into the Shop, but as I was backward I lifted up my Head as I was in the Buck-shop, and I saw the Prisoner with this Piece of Check going out under his Arm. I never lost Sight of him only just the turning of the Corner, and I cry'd out, Stop Thief, and he was stopp'd. Whether it was by turning at the Corner, or in a Struggle he fell down, and the Chock fell from him. When I came up to him I took it by him: I did not see it fall from him, but I saw him go out with it.


                  Christopher 
                  Higgins 
               



            . On the Twenty-first of August last, between eight and nine o'Clock in the Morning. I was going from Ironmonger-lane to the Old Jewry, and I heard several People cry, Stop Thief, I met the Prisoner at the Bar with something in a brown Apron. Upon hearing the Cry of Stop Thief, I took hold of him; he endeavoured to get away upon which he fell down. He dropp'd the Chock; and when he was down he cry'd out, A Writ, a Writ. Upon that several People came up, and he was had away to the Compter; but he was like to make his Escape out of the Constable's Hands.

The Prisoner had nothing to say in his Defence, nor any to appear for him; he said his Friends were a great way off.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


