





285. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Storer 
                  



               
            . of St Ann, Westminster


, was indicted for 


               feloniously ripping, taking, and carrying away (after the 24th of June, 1731, to wit, on the 10th Day of June, 1743
,) 300 lb. Weight of Lead, value 12 s. fixed to a House belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Seddon 
                        



                      
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Seddon 
                        



                      
                  , their Property, against the Form of the Statute, &c
            .


                  William 
                  Sarsfield 
               



            . On the 10th of this Month I was called up by a Watchman, between 3 and 4 in the Morning, who told me some Fellows were taking the Lead off a House, which I had the Key of, belonging to Samuel and 
               
                  John 
                  Seddon 
               



            , in Soho Square


; I went and searched the House, and found Storer and Bishop concealed between the Ceiling and the Roof: This Piece of Lead, and this Lock lay by them; this Knife, File, and this Instrument to unscrew the Nuts of a Lock, and this Biudgeon were found in the House - the Fish and Bell, next to the Corner of Charles-Street.


                  William 
                  Bishop 
               



             The Prisoner is a Bricklayer
; I am a Shoemaker; he and I went into the House - the Salmon and Bell, between 3 and 4 in the Morning; we got in at the Cellar Window - went out at a Trap-Door into the Gutter; pulled some of the Tiles off, and then cut the Lead of the Gutter off with a Knife; we took as much Lead off the House the first Time as came to half a Guinea, which we sold to one Jeddery for three Farthings a Pound, who said they never gave more - we carried the Lead away, and hid it in a Dunghill, till it was Day-light, and then took it away, and sold it; about three Days afterwards we went the second Time, and went down the Area, and in at the Cellar; a Watchman heard the Door open, and asked who was there; when we heard the Watchman we went up Stairs, and hid ourselves over the Ceiling, and the Watchman came and found us there; we did not take any Lead away the second Time, only took the Lock off the Door - the Prisoner had a Share of the Money - I have not been long acquainted with him in this Way.
Prisoner. I never had any Concern with him in my Life.


                  Joseph Hughes 
                  Constable 
               



            . It was my Watch Night, and about 4 o'Clock in the Morning the Watchmen brought the Prisoners to the Watch-house and locked them up, as I thought very safe, and about 8 o'Clock when I went to see for them, they were broke out and gone. I was at a considerable Charge to take them; I took one that Afternoon, and the other another Time; I took Bishop in Milford Lane, and the other by Drury Lane.


                  William 
                  Collins 
               



            . About half an Hour after 3 I looked into the Area, and saw 2 Fellows a peeping, and they whipt into the Kitchen, and ran up Stairs; I gave Notice of it to Mr Sarsfield, who had the Keys of the House; we search'd for them, and found them in a little Hole between the Ceiling and the Roof of the House: This Piece of Lead and this Bludgeon lay by them; we carried them to the Watch-House, and put them fast up.
Prisoner. Bishop and I had been drinking, and had got suddled, and he threw my Hat and Wig down into the Area, and I threw his down after them; we only went down to get them, and the Watchmen came and took us. I do not know any Thing of the Charge.
Bishop. This Knife, File, &c. belongs to the Prisoner.
Prisoner. I think he ought to call some Persons to his Character. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


