






159, 160. 
               
                  
                     Marmaduke 
                     Bignell 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Ford 
                  



                
             , of St James Westminster



, were indicted for 


               stealing a Guinea, a half Guinea, and 2 s. and 6 d. in Money
            ; the Property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jones 
                  




                
            , Feb. 24
.


                  Tho 
                  Jones 
               



            . On Sunday Evening last, I had been at Church; and as I was going home I met a young Woman in the Street, about 9 at Night, and she asked me to give her a Glass of Wine at the Prisoner Bignell's House. Accordingly I went with her thither, - it is the Rose in Oxendon-street


. They call it a Tavern, but they sell Brandy as well as Wine, - I could get no Beer there. We went up one pair of Stairs, and called for Wine, and when the Reckoning was to be paid, I told the Drawer, I wanted Change for half a Guinea. He bid me give him the half Guinea first. I said, I would not trust him with it, but bid him bring me the Silver, and then I would give him the half Guinea, Upon this the Landlady came up, and bid me give her the half Guinea, that she might see whether it was good. I then pull'd out my Money and put it into my Hat, telling her if she would tell down 10 s. and 6 d. on the Table, if the half Guinea should not be good, she should have the Guinea, which I had in my Hat. She refused to do this, and while we were disputing, the Prisoner Bignell came up, and asked her why she did not go down Stairs, when she was wanted below? Says she, the Gentleman won't let me have the half Guinea. Bignell immediately thrust his hand into my Hat, and damning me for a Rascal, he snatched away the Guinea, and 2 s. & 6 d. in Silver. My Hat, and the half Guinea fell down upon the Ground. Ford, who was still in the Room, pick'd up the half Guinea, and gave it to his Master Bignell. Upon this I pulled out a Penknife, and clapping my Back against the Door, I swore I would kill or be kill'd, before I would lose my Money: Then Bignell knock'd upon the Floor with his Heel, and cried Murder; immediately three or four Bullies came up, and swore they would knock my Brains out, if I would not get down Stairs, d - mning me, and asking me, what Business I had there? and they took up the long-back'd Chairs to knock my Brains out. I thought best to go down Stairs, and Bignell came down likewise; but being unwilling to lose my Money, I went into the Kitchen, or back Room. There they d - mn'd me again for a Rascal, and bid me get out; so I went out telling Bignell, I would make him suffer for it. He bid me do my worst, telling me his Name was Bignell, and that he lived at the Sign of the Rose. When I came out, I enquired after his Name, and finding he had told it me right, I got a Warrant and apprehended him.


                  John 
                  Williams 
               



             knew nothing of the Fact, but gave the Prosecutor the Character of an honest young Fellow, who work'd hard for his Bread.
Bignell. He says he had 2 s. and 6 d. in Silver: What Occasion then had he for Change?
Jones. I intended to have lain there all Night, and imagined I should want more Silver, for I intended to make the young Woman a Present of the Half-Crown which I then had.
Bignell. I shall only call some Witnesses, to prove I was at another Place last Sunday Night.
Ford. I never saw the Man, before he took me up with a Warrant.


                  Joseph 
                  Mills 
               



             . I keep the Red Lion Alehouse near the Haymarket. Bignell came last Sunday Night to my House, about 6 o'Clock, and staid in my House to drink Part of 6 Pots of Beer. To the best of my Knowledge, he was never out of the House, (except when he went into the Yard to make Water) till he went home, - and that was at about 11 o'Clock. Oxendon-street is about four Stones-throw, or hardly three, from my House, but he could not go out, for I was never out of his Company all that Time, but when I went to draw a Pot of Beer, or so. - I think I went out twice with two Pots of Beer just cross the Way, but I did not stay above a Minute. - I was not longer in going and coming. - Not two Minutes I am sure. I dress Buttock of Beef on a Sunday, and give a Bit away to my Neighbours. I ask'd him if he would eat any? He said no, but desired me to send a Bit to his Wife, I have known him four Years; and have been out with him this late frosty Weather a shooting, with Money in my Pocket, and never saw or heard any thing ill of him.


                  James 
                  Harper 
               



            . I live in Mills's House, and I came home last Sunday Night about 6 o'Clock. Bignell was then drinking in the House, and I was with him till near 11, and I am sure he never went once out of the House, I can't say I know the Prisoner; - I never was in his Company before.


                  William 
                  Hampton 
               



             . I went to Mills's last Sunday Night, between 6 and 7, for a Pint of Beer, as I usually do, and saw Bignell, and two or three more, sitting by the Fire. I had been about three or four times in his Company before, so I staid with him till half an Hour after 10, and I am sure he was there all that Time. I know nothing at all of the Prisoner Ford, - and as to Bignell's Character, - I can't say as to that, - I never heard any Harm of him.


                  Edmund 
                  Dobbins 
               



             . I was in Company with Bignell, and I believe I staid 2 Hours with him. When I first came to Mills's, I said, - Mr. Bignell, I have taken a House in Rupert-Street, and if you'll come and sup with me, you shall be welcome. I went to Mills's to see for 2 or 3 young Fellows that belong to the Market, for I am a Poulterer's Son, and keep as good a House as any Man in the Parish. - I had as much Victnals drest that Day, as cost me 30 Shillings. 'I was about 7 o'Clock when I came in to Mills's , and Bignell telling me he could not go to sup with me, and that he should be glad of my Company at Mills's, I staid with him 2 Hours and a half. I have known him 4 Years: he's an honest Man, and endeavoured to live, as far as I have heard.


                  John 
                  Pillar 
               



            . I came to Mills's between 5 and 6 last Sunday Night, to get my Supper, as usual. While I was there Bignell came in; I did not see him go out of the House all the Time I was there. and I did not go away till after 11. If he had gone out, I must have seen him, because I was in the same Room with him all the Time. - As to his Character, - I can't say that I have known him but a very little Time.


                  John 
                  Adams 
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  West 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            , and 
               
                  Terence 
                  Givers 
               



             , knew Bignell, and never heard any Thing amiss of him, as to Dishonesty, before.


                  Jane 
                  Crumpton 
               



            , 
               
                  Mary 
                  Parsons 
               



            , 
               
                  Anne 
                  White 
               



            , and Mills, (at the Red-Lion) spake to the same Effect, with Relation to Ford.
The Prosecutor desiring a Gentleman upon the Bench might be ask'd if he knew the Prisoners, he deposed, That he knew them both, and that their Characters were the very worst, in all the City and Liberty of Westminster. That the House Bignell kept (the Rose) was a notorious, infamous, thieving House; that he had known both the Prisoners many Years; that they had been brought before him several Times, upon Charges for Felony; that the Woman he called his Wife, one 
               
                  Rose 
                  Mabone 
               



            , was an infamous Person, both he and she having been several Times charged with Felonies, which they afterwards compounded; that Rose Mabone had been tried for Felony, and that the House they kept was the worst House in Westminster, except that which was kept by * Eastmead, Bignell's Master.
* See the Sessions-Book for July, No. 390.
Jury to Dobbins the Poulterer.] How far do you live from the Prisoner Bignell?
Dobbins. About 3 Stones-throws: I am sure I never heard a bad Character of the House, since Bignell kept it. It had a bad Character before but Bignell has altered the Sign, and has wrote under it, - The Case is alter 'd .
A Gentleman. We had this very House complain'd of, to the Justices, but last Week: it is a notorious ill House, as any in the whole Parish, and upon every Complaint they shift their Land-lords, that we have not been able to come at them.
The Gentleman who was called upon by the Prosecutor declared farther, that the Characters of several of the Prisoners Witnesses were no better than their's, tho' others of them were honest with Respect to their Business; but that Mills , in particular, had been several Times brought before him for Felony. Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


