





167. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a tin pot with four gallons of lamp oil, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Harrison 
                  




                
            , Nov. 15
.


                  George 
                  Harrison 
               



            . On the 15th of November my man lost a tin pot of mine, and four gallons of oil: this is my pot.
William Lane. I went into Mr. Rippen's at the Green Man and Still in New Street, by Cloth Fair


, for half a pint of twopeny, and when I came out I found that my pot with about four gallons of oil in it was gone.


                  William 
                  Ratcliff 
               



            . The Prisoner came one day to my house, and asked me, if I was not a fan-stick maker, and knew one 
               
                  John 
                  Henley 
               



            ; I said, yes: then he poured some oil out of a large tin pot into a bottle, and left the pot and the rest of the oil with me: I believed it to be stole. I went to Mr. Moore's by Cripplegate, and asked him if it was his; he said it was not his pot - Mr. Moore sent his man for it, and I delivered it to him. I verily believe this to be the pot that the Prisoner brought to me, but I cannot swear it.


                  James 
                  Moore 
               



            . Mr. Ratcliff came to my house, and said, he had an oil pot left at his house, which he believed was stole. I sent my man for it, but it was not mine. I sent to Mr. Harrison to acquaint him that I had such a thing; he said it was his, and lost such a day.


                  Nicholas 
                  Aris 
               



            . This is the pot I fetched from Mr. Ratcliff's house. Guilty.
+ John Smith, was a second time indicted for stealing a silk gown, value 55 s. a cotton gown, value 10 s. a cloak, value 4 s. two yards of black silk, val. 6 s. a calimanco quilted petcoat, value 15 s. a white linen petticoat, value 14 d. a pair of sheets, value 12 s. five aprons, value 10 s. three aprons, value 2 s. eight handkerchiefs, value 12 s. two pair of shift sleeves, 8 d. one pair of shirt sleeves, value 2 s. a pair of stays, value 5 s. a shirt, value 4 s. four caps, value 4 s. two tea spoons, value 2 s. 6 d. and a blanket, value 2 s. &c. the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Coomer 
               



            , in her dwelling-house, January 5.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Coomer 
               



            . The Prisoner lodged in my house; on the 5th of January I went out and left the door of my room fast, and when I came home the Prisoner was gone, and all the things mentioned in the indictment were gone: there was nobody in the house but the Prisoner when I went out.
Another witness proved, that the Prisoner came the same day to his house with a parcel of things tied up in a blanket, and asked, if he would buy such and such things. Mrs. Coomer had heard that such things were carried to him, and she went and enquired after them; that he told her such and such things had been offered to him, and they agreed exactly with what she had lost. 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


