





213. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Ogleby 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing Part of a Leaden Gutter , of 50 lb. Weight, Value 5 s. 6 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Moor 
                  




                
            , the 9th of May
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  James 
                  Best 
               



            .) What have you to say against the Prisoner at the Bar?
Best. On Friday the 9th of this Month I was going by an empty House of Mr. Moor's, at the End of Finch-Lane in St. Martin's in the Fields. Some of my Neighbours told me, there was a Person had brought some Lead out of the House: I went up to him, as he was standing with some Lead in his Hand. When I came to him, he said he was sent for it. I ask'd him if he had any Key; he said, No. I then said, Are you sent to get in at the Window? He said, he was sent for it by a Person in St. Giles's.
Q. What Lead was it that you found in his Custody?
Best. It was Part of a Leaden Gutter; it might be about 50 or 60 lb.
Q. What then?
Best. He told me he would not stay, he insisted upon taking the Lead away. I turn'd myself about, and seeing many of my Neighbours there, I ask'd them what I should do; they advis'd me, by all Means, not to let him go. I was speaking about sending for Mr. Pearse the Constable, and soon he came, and I charg'd the Constable with him.
Q. Do you know any thing more of this Matter?
Best. I had him before Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  De Veil 
               



            , and he begg'd I would shew him as much Favour as I could.
Q. Did he confess any thing before Sir Thomas?
Best. Yes, to his Clerk.
Court. What were the Clerk's Words?
Best. He said, Do you acknowledge the stealing of this Lead. He then immediately down'd upon his Knees, and begg'd that I would shew him Mercy. He said it was Necessity that drove him to it.
Q. What Time of the Day was it he enter'd this House and took the Lead?
Best. About Nine o'Clock.
Q. Did he appear frighten'd like a Thief when he was taken?
Best. The Prisoner said he was in Liquor, and could not tell what he did.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


