





56. + 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Heber 
                  



               
             , of St George in Middlesex


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Taylor 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing one Feather-Bed, val. 14 s. one Bolster, val. 18 d. and one Curtain, val. 12 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Taylor 
                     



, Nov. 3.


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I did not lose any Thing; the Feather-Bed and Bolster were taken off the Bedstead and tied up in the Curtain. They were moved, as I apprehend, with a Design to be taken away, the third of November, between five and six in the Evening : The Room was locked when I went out in the Morning; and when I came Home, the Padlock of the outward Door was picked. I was drinking a Pot of Beer below, and was informed of it by the Maid. It is a Publick House, and this Apartment is let to me; I went up Stairs, and found the Prisoner in my Room; he enquired for one Williams a Watchmaker, but no such Person lived there. I took him by the Collar, and left him in Custody of some of the People in the Yard till I got a Constable.
Prisoner. I was very ill; I had a Stick in my Hand , and could hardly walk .


                  Isaac 
                  Johnson 
               



             . The Prosecutor has a Part of my House. I undid the Bed, and found this Poker which he had bought but a Quarter of an Hour before of Mr Marsh , as he told me; it is a proper Instrument to break open a Padlock.
Prisoner. Ask him if he thinks I am able to carry that away.
Taylor . It is not so large, but any Body might carry it. He looked pale but not sick.
Prisoner. It is a common Sort of a Passage, and an Alehouse; so I went in to inquire if one Mr Williams lived there; Mr Taylor was below Stairs , and asked who was there. I said , I am glad you are come, I wanted to ask you a Question, but he immediately secured me.


                  Thomas 
                  Williams 
               



             . I live in Salisbury-Court in Fleet street ; I have known the Prisoner fourteen or fifteen Months, and never heard any Harm of him. - I am a Watchmaker by Trade.
Hoster Williams . I am no Relation to the last Evidence. I live in Petty-France . I have lived about six Months over-against him, and never saw any ill of him. 

               Guilty
             Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


