





185. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , of St. James's Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver mug, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Matthews 
                  




                
            , March 16
.


                  John 
                  Matthews 
               



            . I keep a publick house
; the Prisoner came for half a pint of purl, and held the mug down by his side, and in about five minutes time it was missed. I lost it the 16th of March, and had it again of Mr. Rumbold the 25th.


                  Ann 
                  Roose 
               



            . The Prisoner was in my master's house, at the Oxford-Arms


 in Piccadilly


, and I missed the mug five minutes after he went out.
Mrs. Hopper. About the 16th of March, the Prisoner brought this mug to me, and asked twenty five shillings on it. I asked him whether it was his own, and he said, no : but he had it of a sufficient housekeeper, and I lent him twenty shillings on it; and seeing an advertisement about it, I sent it to Mr. Matthews. I said, Mr. Jones, I believe you are an honest man, but I can't lend you so much, and I did take him to be an honest man. I have taken in goods of him often, he was a ticket porter
; the Prisoner said, he took it in a joke, because Mr. Matthews was his countryman.


                  Roger 
                  Whitfield 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner between four and five years, and never knew any thing amiss of him; he lodged in my house part of the time.


                  Mary 
                  Phillips 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner about five years, he lodged in my house some time, and I always had a good opinion of him.


                  Evan 
                  Evass 
               



            . The Prisoner worked for me five or six years, and I would have trusted him with untold gold.
Mr. Restall. I have known him a great while, I never took him to be a rogue, but I took him to be a very great fool.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


