






292. + 
               
                  
                     John
                      Haynes*
                  



               
            , of Chirst Church Spittlefields


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Quantin 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in the day time, the said Catherine being therein, and stealing thirty three yards of linen and cotton stuff called checque, val. 28 s. 6 d and two yards of striped linen, value 18 d.
            
April 26
.
*By an act made in the reign of Q. Eliz. breaking and entering a dwelling-house in the day time, and stealing the value of 5 s. is a capital offence, if the person is put in fear.


                  Catherine 
                  Quantin 
               



            . On the 26th April I was ill in bed, and about eleven o'clock in the forenoon I heard my servant, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Taylor 
               



            , cry out in a violent manner, Ha Master! and afterwards Thief; first I thought I heard her in the entry, and afterwards in the street. I dressed myself and came down; my shop was full of people, and the thief was brought back to my house: these are my goods.


                  Sarah 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I was at the door between ten and eleven in the morning, I came in, and shut the door after me.
Q. What door?
Taylor. An entry door that comes into the shop, not the street door. I went through the shop into a little room, and heard a noise in the shop. I went into the shop, and saw the Prisoner in the entry with these goods under his arm, and he went out into the street with them. I went out at the door, and cried, Ha Master! and then cried out, Stop Thief. He was taken with the goods under his arm before he was out of sight.


                  James 
                  Grimault 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner peeping in at the corner of the sash of the shop where there were some silk handkerchiefs. I saw him go in at the door without any thing under his arm, and he was not a minute before he came out with these checques under his arm: they were all loose, and I judged he could not be long enough to chaffer for them; and presently the maid came out, and cried, master, stop; so I took him by the collar, and carried him back to the shop. 


               Guilty of the Felony, acquitted of breaking and entering the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


