





152. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bartlet 
                  



               
             , of St. Mary Woolnoth, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Spoon, val. 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Benj 
                     Wilding 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Drake 
                  



                
             , Feb. 4
.
Mr. Wilding . I keep the Pope's Head Tavern





, in Cornhill


, and Mrs Drake is my Partner. We l ost a Silver Spoon, on the 4th of Feb. after which, I was sent for by Mr. Brathwaite , a Silversmith in Lombardstreet , who shewed me a Spoon which I believ'd was the same which I lost; however, I went home and fetch'd several more, and we compar'd them together; and Mr. Brathwaite sending for his Engraver, he discover'd that the Mark which had been eras'd, was the Pope's Head, and said he could see it perfectly. Mr. Brathwaite's Servant having told me he knew where the Man liv'd who brought it to their Shop, I went with him the next Day to the Prisoner's Lodging, and call'd him out to me, and having a Constable ready, we took him, and brought him to my House; where he confess'd he convey'd the Spoon from off the Bar, on the 4th of Feb. in the Evening, and that he carry'd it to Mr Brathwaite , in order to sell it. He was carried to the Counter that Night, and the next Morning my Lord Mayor committed him. This is the Spoon.
The. Church. Mr. Wilding sent for me to take Charge of the Prisoner; and while we had him in his House, he own'd he took the Spoon from the Bar, while the Drawer was gone for half a Pint of Wine, and that he had eras'd the Mark which was upon it. He confess'd the same before my Lord Mayor. - I have known the Prisoner some Years: He us'd to clean Shoes about the Royal Exchange. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


