





174. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Lanes 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Linnen Frock, and one Piece of Check'd Linnen
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Simon 
                     Rawlins 
                  




                
            , the 11th of April
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Simon 
                  Rawlins 
               



            .) What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Rawlins. My Child was robb'd last Tuesday of a Frock and a Piece of Check'd Linnen.
Q. How old was the Child?
Rawlins. Twenty Months old.
Q. Where was it?
Rawlins. In Shoreditch Parish


.
Q. How came you to suspect the Prisoner?
Rawlins. She was in Custody before I was appriz'd of it. I did not see her commit the Fact, but was told by all the Neighbours that she did it; she was carried before the Justice, and she partly confess'd it, and said it was the first Fact, and the Justice told her that he believed it would be the last.
Q. What was the Fact?
Rawlins. The taking the Frock and the Piece of Check from the Child.
Q. What was she charg'd with at that Time? Was she particularly charg'd with this Fact of taking this Frock?
Rawlins. Yes, Sir, she was.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Will you ask the Witness any Question? He says, upon your being charged before the Justice, you said it was the first Fact.
Prisoner. He did not ask me any thing.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Francklin 
               



            .) What have you to say to this Matter?
Francklin. I was standing in my Master's Shop, opposite to the Place where this Fact was committed, and I saw this Woman (the Prisoner) some time in the Alley; I took no Notice of her, and she held this Child in her Arms, as if the Child was making Water. Presently she comes out in a Hurry, with something in her Lap, and I said I believe that Woman has stript the Child. She went down a Turning, where she was soon taken with the Things upon her.
[They were produced in Court.]


                  Q. 
               


            (to Rawlins.) Is that the Child's Frock?
Rawlins. This is the Child's Frock and the Linnen.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Will you ask him any Questions.
Prisoner. Did you see me take it?
Rawlins. I did not.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


