





182. + 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Taylor 
                  



               
            , of St. Paul Covent-Garden


, was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-five Yards of Irish Linnen, val. 5 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Ayres 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , March 19
.


                  Henry 
                  Moore 
               



            . We lost this Piece of Irish Linnen out of our Shop the 19th of March, it is the Property of Mr 
               
                  Edward 
                  Ayres 
               



            ; it was offered to be pawned to Mr Gimault, at the Corner of Russel-Court.


                  William 
                  Johnson 
               



            . On the 19th of March in the Evening, the Prisoner brought this Piece of Goods to my Master's, Mr Gimault's, and offered to pledge it, and I stopped it and the Person, under a Suspicion of its being stole, and carried her before Justice De Veil, who committed her. - This is the very Piece she brought to me to pawn.
Q. to Moore. Are you sure this is the Piece of Goods that was lost out of Mr Ayres's Shop?
Moore. This is the very Piece I lost.


                  William 
                  Willerton 
               



            . This Piece of Cloth belongs to Mr Ayres; I measured it over on Saturday Morning, and know it to be the Piece.


                  William 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I have seen the Prisoner at our Shop before she brought this Piece of Goods; I believe she might bring some odd trifling Things of her own before, but I cannot be positive. - I stopped her when she brought this, because I thought it a Thing of too much Consequence for her to be the Owner of. I asked her how she came by it, and she said the Person she had it of was gone into Chancery-Lane.
Prisoner's Mother. A Fellow-Servant of my Daughter's gave her this Piece of Cloth to pawn, and she unfortunately carried it to pawn. I believe she had no Suspicion that she came dishonestly by it. She lived Fellow-Servant with her. She is a French Woman, her Name is Crushee. My Daughter came to me, and the Person called upon her while I was in the Room. - I think it was on Saturday was three Weeks.
Q. How do you know this Woman brought this Piece of Cloth to your Daughter?
Prisoner's Mother. My Daughter had been out at Service, and had been come Home but three Days. I know that Woman has brought several Things to her.
Q. Do you know any Thing of her bringing this Piece of Linnen to your Daughter?

Prisoner's Mother. No, indeed, I do not. 

               Guilty of Single Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


