





317. 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Portore 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing three silver tea-spoons, value 6 s. a pair of silver tea-tongs, value 8 s. two caps, value 12 d. a shirt, value 5 s. an apron, value 12 d. a cotton gown, value 10 s. a pair of stays, value 20 s. a woman's bever hat, value 2 s. 6 d. one pair of sheets, five aprons, and a towel, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Bridget 
                           Murphy 
                        



                      
                  . A gown, value 3 l. a stuff gown, a pair of stays, a handkerchief, &c. the property of 
                     
                        Honnor 
                        Obrian 
                     



                  ; and four aprons, a pair of stays, a quilted petticoat, a pair of shoes, and a pair of stockings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Jones 
                        



, June 2
.


                  Bridget 
                  Murphy 
               



            . The Prisoner's aunt recommended her to me as a very good hand at washing, and I took her into my house; for I thought she had been set in scorn by her friends, on account of her having a sweetheart, and the first or second of June she lay at my house. I ordered my maid to let her have some victuals, and go to bed. I talked to her a good deal, and spoke very simpathizing to her; and I said, if she had done a fault, she was not a thief, and the Prisoner went to bed with my maid.
Q. Where is your maid?
Murphy. She has an impediment in her speech, and cannot speak in a Court.
Q. What did she take of yours?
Murphy. She took my new stays, and the other things in the indictment.
Q. Did you see her do this?
Murphy. No, but they were found upon her.
Q. Have you got them again?
Murphy. No, but I hope I shall with your good order, for they are in Mr. Noakes the constable's hands.
Q. How came you to find it out that you was robbed?
Murphy. I heard a noise very early in the morning, and called to my maid, and asked her what she did up so soon, and she said she was in bed. I enquired after the chairwoman
, and my maid said she was gone.
Q. Where do you live?
Murphy. In the Temple-Mews


, next door to Mr. Wright's coach-yard. When my maid said she was gone, I said, how could you be such a bear, as to let her go? And the door was left quite open, and the things gone.
Q. Where did you find these things?
Murphy. At a publick-house in Broad St. Giles's, at Mr. Noakes the constable's.
Honner Obrian. I lived with Mrs. Murphy at this time, and lost two gowns, and several other things.
Q. Have you got them again?
Obrian. They are all here.
Q. Where did you find them?
Obrian. The Prisoner had my gown and stays on.
Prisoner. I desire to know, whether Mrs. Obrian did not lend me the things?
Obrian. No; I had my gown and stays on over night. I did not lend her any thing.


                  John 
                  Noakes 
               



            . A woman seeing the prisoner going along, early in the morning, with a large bundle, sent for me into St. Thomas's-Street, and I got up, and took the Prisoner, and carried her before Justice Broadhead, and she was committed on suspicion, and she confessed that she stole the things, and that they belonged to Mrs. Murphy.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


