





4. 
               
                  Elizabeth
                   (the 
                  wife
 of Arthur) Roberts



            , was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Cassandra 
                           Graham 
                        




                      
                   on the King's Highway, putting her in Fear, and taking from her a Stuff-petticoat , value 2 s.
             the Goods of the said Cassandra, April 12
.


                  Cassandra 
                  Graham 
               



             was called, but was of so tender an Age, that it was not thought proper she should be sworn.


                  Margaret 
                  Adams 
               



            . Last Tuesday was three Weeks, the Child came into my Yard, and said, that a Woman who was running up the Road had robbed her. We pursued her, and she mended her pace, and ran half way up the Road, till she came to a green Meadow which is paled in, and then I saw her throw something over the pals. I did not stay to see what it was, but continued the pursuit, and just as she got to the Turnpike which leads to Pimlico, she was taken .


                  Mary 
                  Edmonds 
               



             . I was in the same Yard, when the Child came in crying, and said she was robbed. We all ran out, and saw that there was no person in the Road but the Prisoner, and I saw that the thing which she flung into the Meadow was green. We did not stay to take it up, but I laid hold of the Prisoner, and carried her into a House, and soon afterwards the Child's Coat was brought in, and I believe it to be the very same which I saw the Prisoner throw out of her Hand .
Jury . Have you ever seen the Child wear that Coat?
Edmonds . Yes, several Times, and she was without it when she came into the Yard.
Jury . Do you believe that was the Thing which the Prisoner threw from her?
Edmonds . Yes, I am sure it is the Child's petticoat, and I saw it taken out of the Meadow by a little Boy.


                  Thomas 
                  Hopkins 
               



            . I was Constable. The Child's Uncle brought the Prisoner and this petticoat to me, about half an Hour after she was taken, and I carried her before a Justice.

Richard Wilkinson. I know the petticoat to be the Girl's, and am certain she had it on when she went out of my House, about a Quarter of an Hour before this happened.
Prisoner. I did not take the Coat, but pick'd it up, as I was going along; and when the Mob rose upon me, I threw it away. 

               Guilty
             Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


