






107. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Turnbull 
                  



               
             , of St. Ann Limehouse


, was indicted for 


               stealing four barrels of tar, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Seaman 
                        




                   and 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Grundy 
                        



                      
                  , and two barrels of tar, value 2 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Knight 
                  



                
            , December 17

.


                  Richard 
                  Grundy 
               



             sworn.
Pros. Coun. Did you at any time, in the month of December, lose any barrels of tar?
Grundy. Yes. I had a letter sent me to inform me that some of my tar was landed at Beighton's-Wharf , I went to Beighton's-Wharf , in St. Olave's gateway.
Q. Did you see the Prisoner there ?
Grundy. Not the first day. When I came to Beighton's-Wharf I saw some of my own tar , and I went to see whether I had lost any off my wharf.
Q. Was your tar designed for abroad?
Grundy. It was designed for the East-Indies , and was iron bound, because it was to go into a hot place.
Q. Did he offer to fell it?
Grundy. Yes; he at first asked 22 s. 6 d. and afterwards he said it was really sold.
Q. Who did he fell it to?
Grundy. To Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Coffin 
               



             in the Borough.
Q. While you was treating about this was there any cart brought there?
Grundy. Yes, and loaded six barrels; I followed the cart to Mr. Coffin's house, and he had bought it at 16 s. a barrel.
Q. What was it worth?
Grundy. It was worth a guinea, and as it was in iron bound casks , it was worth 23 s.
Q. Did Mr. Coffin take it in?
Grundy . No, he was afraid it was stolen, and he would not take it in.
Q. Would he have forced you on board the tender ?
Grundy . Yes, but we resisted and he could not do it; then he went on board the tender, and we pursued him, and went on board.
Q. How did he behave then?
Grundy. He said, I think, down with the main hatches and take them into custody.
Q. Do you think he did this in order to make his escape?
Grundy. Yes.
Pris. Coun . You say there was some tar upon the wharf, did the Prisoner make use of any person's name that it belonged to?
Grundy . He said one Capt. Neptall had brought the tar for him.
Q. Had he brought any before?
Grundy . He had brought pitch before.
Q. Was there any money advanced on account of this pitch and tar? please to recollect, whether you did not mention that there were four guineas advanced by some woman?
Grundy. There was some talk of money that was advanced.
Q. Did he say his own wife had advanced some money?
Grundy . He said she had.
Q. Does not tar differ in its price, according to the goodness?
Grundy . Yes; this was Stockholm tar, and worth 21 s. a barrel.


                  John 
                  Hodges 
               



            . I am a wharfinger at Limekilndock-Wharf .
Prof. Coun. Do not Mr. Seaman and Mr. Grundy lodge their tar at your wharf?
Hodges. Yes.
Q. What quantity had they at your wharf?
Hodges. Just forty barrels. I missed six barrels of tar on Tuesday the 15th of December, at night.
Q. Where did you find any of them?
Hodges. There were six barrels found at Beighton's Wharf, four were the property of Seaman and Grundy, and two the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Knight 
               



            .
Q. How did you know them?
Hodges. I had marked them with my own mark, some had one R, and some had two R's, acording to the difference of the tar.
Q. Did the Prisoner offer to sell this tar?
Hodges. Not all that I know of.


                  Thomas 
                  Hattersley 
               



            .
Pros. Coun . Was you at Beighton's Wharf when the pitch and tar lay there?
Hattersley . Yes, the Prisoner at the bar came to my shop and offered to sell it me, and it was, he said, at his wharf; while I was looking at the pitch, I told him I could not tell the quality of it without seeing it, he cut a barrel in two, and it looked but very indifferent then. I examined the quality of the tar.
Q. What price did he ask ?
Hattersley. The Prisoner said he was to give 15 s. for it, and if he could make any thing more it was for himself.
Q. Did you see that they were iron bound?
Hattersley. Yes.
Q. And did you suspect that they were not honestly come by upon that account?
Hattersley. Yes. I said how came these to be iron hooped? he said it came from Northbergen , and that iron hoops there were as cheap as wood.

Q. Did that raise the suspicion in your mind?
Hattersley. Yes, and that was the reason I would have nothing to do with it; he followed me, and said I need not be in any doubt about it, for he would make me a bill of parcels, and give me a receipt.
Pris. Coun. Did not the Prisoner call a man out of a publick-house?
Hattersley . Yes, and he said he was the owner of it , and that that man had brought it over.


                  William 
                  Coffin 
               



             . The Prisoner came to my house the 17th of December, and said he had some pitch and tar to sell; he said he kept a publick-house at the wharf, and had twelve barrels of pitch and tar from a particular friend of his, a captain of a Guernsey man. I do not know whether he asked 18 s. or not, I told him the tar was very good, and worth more money, but the pitch was very bad; he said he was to give his friend 15 s. for the pitch and tar together; I bid him 16 s. a barrel for the tar, he refused to take it, and said it was worth more money; afterwards he called me back, and said it lay in his way, and I should have it at the price. I went home, and the Prisoner at the bar came and asked why I did not come for the tar: He had loaded this tar before the gentleman who owned the goods came down; I told my man I had bought some goods, and expected them to be brought. When the tar came, my man told me he believed it was not honestly come by, and I would not take it in; the Prisoner said the tar came from Northbergen .


                  Nathaniel 
                  Owen 
               



             . I went to Beighton's Wharf presently after Mr. Grundy was upon the wharf. I asked the Prisoner whether he had any tar to sell, he said yes; I said, is this your tar? he said yes; I said, is that your pitch; he said yes. I asked him the price of the tar, he said 22 s. or 22 s. 6 d. a barrel; and he said they were sold to a man in the borough: The Prisoner would not tell the name of the Person he sold it to; therefore Mr. Grundy thought it was not honestly come by, and I thought so too.
Q. What reason had you to suspect that ?
Owen. When I find any iron bound tar in such a person's hand I always suspect it; the Prisoner had put the broad arrow upon the tar; said I, who put this on? he said he did, because it had not paid the King's duty, and said he was a King's officer; said I, if you are a King's officer, let it be carried down to the warehouse; but he did not let it go to the King's warehouse.
Q. Did you see him put on the broad arrow?
Owen. No; but he told me he had.
Mr. Hodgson. I was desired by Mr. Sarp , to go to Mr. Beighton's wharf, and I saw the tar carried away in a cart; and in a little time it was brought back again in a cart, because Mr. Coffin would not take it in.
There was a warrant got, and the Prisoner threatened to take us on board the tender, with a press-gang; there were four or five fellows, that pretended to take us away, but we resisted, and asked him whether he had any authority, but he could not produce any; then he discharged the men, and threw away his hanger, and went on board the tender. Some time afterwards, Mr. Grundy and I went on board the tender, and the Prisoner bid them shut down the hatches , for he had orders from the Lords of the Admiraley , to sail directly. I asked the commander of the tender, whether he knew the Prisoner, he said, he did not. I said, we came after him, in order to take him up on suspicion of a felony. Mr. Turnbull desired he might speak to the officer of the tender, and the officer said, we might take him on shore again; (he drew his hanger on board the tender) we took him on shore, and then got a warrant and secured him.
Q. What did he say, as to the reason of his putting the broad arrow upon it?
Hodgson. He said, he put the broad arrow upon every one of them, and said, he believed they were goods that had not paid the duty, and therefore he seized them in the King's name.


                  Samuel 
                  Beighton 
               



            .
Q. Do you know this wharf that is called Beighton's wharf?
Beighton . Yes, but it is not properly called Beighton's wharf; there is a large wharf belongs to me, called Beighton's wharf, but this is a little trifling thing; it is an open yard for people to go and take water at.
Q. Do they land tar there?
Beighton . Yes, it is the nearest place to the bridge of any wharf whatsoever.
Q. Is it a publick wharf?
Beighton . Yes, it is as publick as this is.
Q. What is that an alehouse that the Prisoner said he lived at?
Beighton . Yes.
Q. Is he your tenant?
Beighton . No, I know nothing at all of him, I have seen him before I believe. 
               
                  Francis 
                  Johnson 
               



             pays me the rent for the house.
The Jury found him 


               guilty of stealing the four barrels of tar, to the value of four pounds, but acquitted him of the rest of the indictment
            .

He was second time indicted for 


               stealing five barrels of itch
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Graves 
                  



                
            , but he was no tried upon that indictment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


