





326. 
               
                  
                     Solomon 
                     Isaacs 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 3 Dozen of horn spring clasp Knives, val.4 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Horrocks 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Hughes 
                  



                
             , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Saint 
                  



                
            . May 30
.
John Saint. On Friday the 30th of May last, the Prisoner came to our Shop in Birchen-Lane


 , and asked to see several sorts of Goods. I shewed him some, but by his Method of looking at them, I imagined he did not want to buy any, therefore I kept an Eye on him. And after he had looked out several sorts of Goods, he slipped a Paper of Pen-knives under his Coat, and told me he would just step cross the Street, and fetch some body to pay for what he had looked out. I asked him what he had got? he told me,- nothing belonging to me, and immediately run out of the Shop. I was not able to take him myself; but I called out to the next Witness to stop him; he took him, and these are the Goods I saw him slip under his Coat.


                  Giles 
                  Winkworth 
               



             . On Friday the 30th of May, the Prisoner ran by me, and Mr Saint called out to me to stop him; I stopped him, and he got away from me; but perceiving a Parcel to drop from him, I ran after him again, and took him, and brought him to Mr Saint. I don't remember what he said, in particular, when he was taken.

Mr Saint. These are the Goods he stole out of my Shop.


                  Thomas 
                  Church 
               



            . I was Constable, and heard the Prisoner confess he took the Goods, before my Lord-Mayor.
Prisoner. I went to the Shop and looked out 20 Shillings-worth of Goods for a Man that goes over Sea, which I laid by. Then I looked out these for myself, and asked the Gentleman if he had any Body to send home with me for the Money, for it was almost 7 o'Clock, and we Jews don't touch Money after our Sabbath is begun: but the Gentleman told me, he would let me carry them home, and I might bring him the Money. So I went away, and a Man followed me and bid me come back. What must I come back for says I? I am going to fetch a Man to pay for the Goods I have looked out: and as I was going to fetch him, the Parcel I had bought for myself dropped through a Hole I had in my Pocket, and they said I had stole them.


                  Jacob 
                  Isaacs 
               



            . I have known him 4 or 5 Years: I keep a Shop and he fetches his Necessaries from thence. and paid me very honestly.


                  Moses 
                  Solomon 
               



            . I have known him 5 or 6 Years, and have had Dealings with him for several Pounds. He always dealt honestly by me, and I never heard any harm of him.


                  Samuel 
                  Levy 
               



             . I keep a Chandler's Shop, the Prisoner has been often in it, and I never missed any thing.


                  Joseph 
                  Isaacs 
               



            . I travel with him in the Country, and have gone with a Licence these 12 Years. I trusted him with my Goods, and never lost any Thing.


                  Sarah 
                  Elias 
               



            . I travel the Countries 28 Years; I meet him very often: I lie in the best Inns, where things lie about, and he lies with me, and I never lose any thing. He lies in the same Inn with me, where the Silver and the Gold are about, and they lose nothing.
- Isaacs, a Jew Woman. I went to the Gentleman's House, because the Prisoner was Acquaintance with me, many Years; and nothing but the Truth I speak. The Gentleman told me, he entrusted him with the Goods, and he was to give him 4 s. for them, but it being our Sabbath, he was to bring him the Money. Afterward he said, the Jews were all Rogues and Thieves, for he had entrusted 
               
                  Aaron 
                  Davis 
               



             a great many Pounds, and he could hang an hundred Jews if it lay in his Power, because Aaron did not pay him.
Mr Saint. I did not say any such thing to her, nor did she say any thing to me.'Tis improbable I should sell him the Goods for 4 s. for I charged them in the Indictment at 4 s. which is what they cost us. Besides, the Prisoner never saw these Goods, nor did he know what was in the Parcel, when he took it. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


