






97, 98. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harvey 
                  



                
             , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Farrell 
                  



                
            , of St. Andrew, Holborn



, were indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of a person unknown.

Dec. 19
.


                  David 
                  Forrester 
               



             . On the 19th of Dec. I was at my shop-door, in Holborn


, about eleven o'clock in the day time: and I saw these two boys going after a gentleman, and the corner of the gentleman's handkerchief was hanging out of his pocket; and both one and the other of the Prisoners attempted to take it out. I thought it was a pity the gentleman should have his pocket picked, and I went after him, but lost sight of him, and could not find him. Another gentleman said, if I saw such a thing done, I was to blame, if I did not take them up: for I connived at felony. I followed them into Wild-street, and I met a neighbour; he asked me what I was going about, I told him; he said, they were gone before. I took one of them in Clare market, and my neighbour, the next witness, found the handkerchief in the Prisoner Harvey's breeches. Harvey said, there is the boy that took the handkerchief: I secured him too, and they both charged one another with it. I am sure these are the two boys, whether they had the handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket, or not, I can't tell.


                  John 
                  Grosvenor 
               



             . I pulled the handkerchief out of Harvey's breeches, in Clare-market; that is the handkerchief I pulled out of his breeches.
Q. Did the other boy come by at that time?
Grosvenor . No. He was gone then.
Q. Did you see the other boy taken?
Grosvenor. Yes. Neither of them confessed the taking it, but one laid it on the other.
Prisoner Harvey . I found the handkerchief, and put it into my pocket.
Q. Have you any friends?
Harvey. No. I never did such a thing in my life before.
Harvey, 


               guilty 10 d
            .
Farrell, 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


