





193. 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Flint 
                  



               
             of St. Giles's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a shift, value 2 s. a checker'd handkerchief, value 10 d. a cap, value 10 d. a silk hood, value 6d. and a quilted cap, value 2 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Tennant 
                  




                
            , March 24
.


                  Jane 
                  Tennant 
               



            . I keep a cellar in Monmouth-street


, and sell linen
; on Saturday was se'nnight about eleven at night, these things were snatched away, but I could not tell by whom. - They hung upon the stairs going down into the cellar; I seeing something snatched away, run up and cried stop thief, and a neighbour saw the Prisoner drop them.


                  John 
                  Simpson 
               



            . I was coming home that night about 11 o'clock, Mrs. Tennant cried out stop thief, I saw the Prisoner with the things under his arm; he finding himself discovered, dropped the things and fell all along upon the ground, there was another man assisted me and we got hold of him. - I saw the bundle under his arm before he fell and before he dropped them. - I did not take them up,
Prisoner. I was running along Monmouth-street, and being very much in liquor, I tumbled down and the things were lying by me; I know no more of them than the child unborn.
Jury to Simpson. How do you know that is the bundle the Prisoner had under his arm?
Simpson. It was a bundle of linen.
Prisoner. Did you see the bundle upon me?
Simpson. You had the bundle under your arm when I took hold of you.


                  Sarah 
                  Henley 
               



             (for the Prisoner) being offered the book to be sworn, said, what must I swear for, I don't come to prosecute. [
               
                  Sarah 
                  Henley 
               



             sworn.] I lodge at Mr. Richardson's in Sheer-lane, I kept a button-shop the backside of St. Clements; I have known the Prisoner ever since he was six years old, I never heard any harm of him, he is a gentleman's servant, he lived with Mr. Ball in Pall-mall , and he can't say any thing against him .
Q. Where does he live now ?
Henley. I can't tell where he lives now: he lives in Newgate, I think, now; no body can appear to his honesty; I mean to his dishonesty. The gentlewoman has had her things again. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


