





215. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Wilson 
                  



               
             of St James, Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing 5 Pewter-Dishes, val. 20 s. 5 Plates, val. 2 s. and 2 Brass Candlesticks, val. 2 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Harding 
                  




                
            , April 13
.


                  Peter 
                  Townhaven 
               



            . On the 13th of this Month, the Prisoner broke open a Closet in my House, belonging to Mrs Harding, who rents the first Floor of me; I met the Prisoner upon the Stairs, coming down with the Goods, and took them from her: I asked her what she had got there, and desired to see it: she would not let me, but I did insist upon it, and pull'd and hawl'd so much that I tore her Apron to Pieces; the Constable took the Prisoner and left the Things with me, where they have been ever since; I shewed them to Mrs Harding, and she said, they were her's. - It was about 4 o'Clock in the Afternoon.


                  Ann 
                  Harding 
               



            . The Dishes, &c. that the last Witness shewed me, are mine.
Prisoner. I never was in the House; I was going by accidentally: Did not you Wife come out of the House, and take hold of me and strike me, 2 or 3 Doors from your House?
Townbaven. I do not know but she might when she found you were too many for me: This Tool [it seemed to be an Instrument to force a Lock with] was found in her Possession.
Prisoner. I never was in the House till they dragg'd me into it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Stanley 
               



            . The Prisoner lived with me I believe about a Month, when my Husband and I were sick in Bed?
Q. What Month was that?
Stanley. It was in this Month; she never was out of our Family, and behaved herself very well - My Husband is dead; he was 72 Years of Age, and as honest a Man as any in the Parish; he was buried last Sunday; I went out yesterday to buy some Necessaries, and she was at my House all the Morning.
Q. Do you know any Thing of her at 4 o'Clock in the Afternoon?
Stanley. No indeed, I do not.


                  Esther 
                  Griffiths 
               



            . She was always a just, true, and honest Woman - I have known her about 2 or 3 Months.


                  Mary 
                  Carcy 
               



            . I never knew any Harm of her; she lodged with me when she was out of Place, and behaved well; she had Opportunities of defrauding me but never did, and had an exceeding good Character. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


