





143. 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Buckle 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four Linen Handkerchiefs, value 1 s. seven Silk Handkerchiefs, value 7 s. 6 d. and five Cotton Handkerchiefs, and one Linen Apron
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tall 
                  




                
            , January 29
.
Q. to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Tall 
               



            . What have you to say against the Prisoner? Do you know him?
Tall. Yes, Sir; the Prisoner at the Bar stole my Handkerchiefs; sixteen in Number; seven Silk, four Linen, and five Cotton, and one Linen Apron.
Q. When were these stole from you ?
Tall. The 29th of January.
Q. Why do you say the Prisoner stole them?
Tall Because I saw the Goods in his Apron.
Q. Where did you see them in his Apron?
Tall. At the Door.
Q. What immediately ?
Tall I live in Mountague street, Cox's square; these Things they hung on a Nail at the Door: About three o'Clock in the Afternoon, I heard the Crack of the String that was broke: I was serving in the Shop, and I took hold of him, and called for Assistance.
Q. What did you do with him?
Tall. I carried him before the Justice, and he committed him to New Prison.
Q. What did he say before the Justice?
Tall. He told the Justice he was going to buy an Handkerchief of me.
Q. Do you think it was so?
Tall. No, Sir.
Q. Did you know the Boy before?
Tall. Yes, I saw him two Days before this happened.
Q. to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Leech 
               



            . Where do you live?
Leech. In Petticoat Lane. I was at Mrs. Tall's House, at the Time these Handkerchiefs were lost; I believe it was about two o'Clock. I was buying something, and I heard something snap; and I went to the Door, and this young Man had the Handkerchiefs in his Hand; and I took them out of his Hand: He had got a green Apron on, and just about to put them into his Apron; so I took them out of his Hand, and gave them to Mrs. Tall.
Q. Did you know how many there were ?
Leech. No, I did not know how many there were. Mrs. Tall keeps an old Cloath-shop, and they hung at the Door; the Prisoner was secured, and carried before the Justice.
Q. What became of the Handkerchiefs afterwards?
Leech. The Constable had them.
Court to the Prisoner. What have you to say in your Defence?
Prisoner. I saw these Handkerchiefs hang at the Door; I went to look at an Handkerchief, and went to take hold of them, and the String broke, and they dropped down; and I took them up, and was about to carry them into the Shop, and they took hold of me.

Court. Have you any Witness?
Prisoner. No, my Lord.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


