





323. + 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Saunders 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tankard, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Watts 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , June 25
.


                  William 
                  Watts 
               



             Sworn.
Q. What have you to say against the Prisoner, about a silver tankard?
Watts. The Prisoner took my tankard out of my kitchen on Saturday was sev'nnight.
Q. Where do you live?
Watts. At the Castle


, just by Great-Moorgate


.
Q. What is the tankard worth?
Watts. I have valued it at ten pounds, and it cost me 11 l. 7 s. last September.
Q. Do you know who took it?
Watts. No.
[The lid of the tankard was produced.]
Q. to Watts. Is that lid yours?
Watts. Yes, I can swear to it by the solder on each side of the lid.
Q. Where did you find that lid?
Watts. It was in the hands of Mr. Scriven, and I had it of him.
Q. Do you swear that to be the lid of the tankard you lost out of your house on Saturday was sev'nnight?
Watts. Yes.
Gibbon Scriven sworn.
Q. You see that lid, and you hear that 
               
                  William 
                  Watts 
               



             claims it, how did you come by it?
Scriven. On Saturday was sev'nnight, between eleven and twelve, the Prisoner came to my mistres's.
Q. Was it noon or night?
Scriven. It was night,
Q. Who is your mistress?
Scriven. I live with Mrs. Harvey, a pawnbroker in Houndsditch. I had a pretty many customers in the shop when the Prisoner came in, and after they were gone out, he said he wanted to ask me a question; I said, what is it? he asked me whether I bought plate, and I said I did not, unless I knew the person; he shewed me this lid, and I asked what he would have for it, and he asked ten shillings for it; I said, I believed it was stole; he asked me, whether I thought he stole it, and began to make words; I said I would stop it, and advertise it, and I did not doubt but I should find an owner; and I told him, if he would tell me his name, an d place of abode, I would return it him, if it was not owned, and he told me where he lived, but I found it was advertised in the paper: I went to Mr. Watts's with it, and he owned it to be the lid of his tankard.
Q. Did he tell you the right place of his abode?
Scriven. He told me pretty near it, it was in the next street. Mr. Watts sent for the silversmith he bought it of, and he said it was the lid of the tankard he sold Mr. Watts.
Prisoner. I told Mr. Scriven, that I found the lid.
Q. Was there any body by when you found it?
Prisoner. There was a person by, but I don't know where to find him.


                  Joseph 
                  Rylance 
               



             sworn.
Q. What business are you?
Rylance. I draw beer for the man at the Castle at Moorgate.
Q. Did you draw any in this tankard for the Prisoner, that night the tankard was lost?
Rylance. I drew two tankards for him that night.
Q. What in this tankard, that was missing afterwards?
Rylance. Yes, and, to the best of my knowledge, this is the same lid. The Prisoner went into the fields with us, under pretence of shewing us where the body of the tankard was; he said, if he had his hands loose, he would tell us where it was.

Q. What fields were these?
Rylance. Islington-Fields, by the ditches upon a dunghill.
Q. At that time did he own the taking of the tankard?
Rylance. He owned he had it, but he would not own he took it.
Prisoner. I did not own it, for I could never own what I never had; and they kicked me, and beat me about, and used me very ill; they promised me money, half guineas, and two guineas, if I would tell them where it was; and I was willing to accept of it, because I was poor, and wanted money, and I pretended to tell them where it was, but I could not tell.


                  William 
                  Wilks 
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you make this tankard for Mr. Watts?
Wilks. Yes.
Q. Is that the top of the tankard?
Wilks. It is the very same that I sold to Mr. Watts.
Q. What might the value of the tankard be, that you sold to him?
Wilks. He gave me eleven pounds seven shillings for it. When the Prisoner was taken, he said, if we would let him, he would go with us, and shew us where he had hid the tankard.
Prisoner. I did not tell you so.
Wilks. You did tell us so. I will go further yet.
Prisoner. You may go as far as you please.
Wilks. I can go a little further yet. We went with him into the fields, and went on the backside of Islington two or three times; and he told us one place, then another, and we tried to find it, but could not, and then we brought him back before the Justice.
Q. What Justice?
Wilks. Justice Hole; and then he said where he had hid it, and insisted upon that to be the place, but they did not let him go; and there was a letter sent to Mr. White about it, and yesterday, in Newgate, he said he could tell where he had hid it.
Q. Have you any witnesses to call?
Prisoner. I have several here, but they are not come; my wife is here, and I believe she can call them. I have been a master of my business nineteen years, and never was before a Judge in my life before. I was very drunk that night, and I am sometimes mad and lunatick.
Capt. Reuben Harding sworn.
Q. What have you to say with regard to this affair?
Harding. My Lord, I know that the Prisoner has been deemed a lunatick person.
Q. When was he deemed so?
Harding. In the year 1745, when I served the office of churchwarden in Whitechapel Parish, and where he then lived, and I confined him to a mad-house.
Q. Was he lunatick at the time he stole this tankard?
Harding. I cannot tell that, my Lord.
Q. How came they to let him abroad?
Harding. I suppose they did not think him so then; he was better for some time, but he was confined again afterwards.
Q. Do you know that?
Harding. Yes, my Lord, he has been confined in Bethlem, as I have been informed. I knew him a great many years before that, and never knew but what he bore a very good character.


                  John 
                  Fearnly 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner six years; he served me with pipes; he is a pipemaker
, and I never knew him do any thing amiss in my life; he was taken out of my house, when he was out of his Senses.
Q. When was that?
Fearnly. I believe about three years ago.
Q. How was he in last June?
Fearnly. He was in our house about a week or a fortnight ago, and he said, he seemed to be going that way, and his wife said she believed he was; I was at table with him, and he seemed to look wild.
Q. How long is that ago?
Fearnly. My Lord, I believe it is a fortnight to day.
Q. to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Rylance 
               



            . At the time the Prisoner was at your house, and you drew the beer for him, was he in, or out of his senses?
Rylance. An please you, my Lord, he was as well in his senses, as he is now.
Prisoner. Here is a gentleman in Court, Mr. Wright, who was drinking with me at the same time, I desire he may be called.


                  Richard 
                  Wright 
               



             sworn.
Q. What have you to say on this affair?
Wright. I happened to be drinking in the house the night the tankard was lost, the Prisoner was there, and I thought he was in liquor; I went out of the house, and left him there, but he did not seem to be out of his senses.
Prisoner. I never was accused with wronging any person in my life, for I found the tankard.

Rylance. He said he found the tankard at Aldersgate.
The Jury found him 


               guilty of the felony, to the value of 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


