





301. 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Trotter 
                  



               
             , of St. Mary Whitechapel


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, val. 6 s. a dimitty waistcoat, value 2 s. two cambrick mobs, value 1 s. six brass candlesticks, value 8 s. a flower box, value 6 d. a pepper box, value 1 s. a tinder box, value 1 s. 6 d. a ladle, value 6 d. a pair of snuffers, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Powis 
                  




                
            , June 3
.


                  Mary 
                  Powis 
               



            . I went to bed the third of June between one and two, and about five o'clock in the morning that same 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Trotter 
               



             took down both my shutters, and shoved up the sash window - I know him very well, I have seen him a great many times; he took some of the things, went out at the window, came back again, and took all the brasses off the shelf. The second time he came, one 
               
                  Richard 
                  Downs 
               



            , a neighbour, seeing the shutters were open, came and looked, and the Prisoner said to him, What do you want with us? I saw the Prisoner in the house, and he said, do not be frightened, he said he would send for my things, and he wanted to go away. I told him he was as safe there then as he had been all along; then Richard Downs and I went for my things to the house where we were directed by the Prisoner, and left him in my house with some men. We met his wife, and she pretended to be dunny; then I brought the things back to my house; now, says he, you will let me go, Mrs. Powis: yes, said I, to be sure, you have been favourable to me, and so I will be to you.


                  Richard 
                  Downs 
               



            . I was coming along by Mrs. Powis's house about five of the clock, and saw the shutters open, and a man in the house; I asked him what he was doing, he said, he was doing no harm. I called Mrs. Powis down, she said her gown and some other things that were in a basket were gone. We asked him what he had done with them, he told us he had carried them home: we went and brought them back, and he acknowledged before the Justice that he took them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Cook 
               



            . I live in the house with Mrs. Powis, between five and six o'clock in the morning I heard a man say, make haste down, here's a man in the house, here's a thief in the house. When I came down the Prisoner was standing by the hatch, and the brasses were standing in the window: says Mrs. Powis, oh you rogue, you have stripped my house of almost every thing, and the Prisoner said do not be angry, Mrs. Powis, I have not hurt you much; and afterwards he said do not be frightened, if you will let me go, I will send them to you, but she would not let him go, so he directed Downs and her where to go for the things, and they went and brought them back.

Prisoner. I happened to be out of work two years, Mrs. Powis's husband used to employ me; when I went out of my house I thought no harm, I went to the window and called to Mrs. Powis to beg a few greens, and nobody answering, and being almost starved, I did not know what to do for some assistance, and that was the occasion of my doing it. I buried a child the Sunday before of the small pox. I had earned but eighteen pence for five months. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


