







154, 155, 156. 
               
                  
                     Hester 
                     Hussey 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Otaway 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hussey 
                  



                
            , (the first as Principal and the other two as Accessaries) were indicted for 


               stealing 19 lb. Weight of Mutton
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cherry 
                  




                
            , on the 6th of April
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  William 
                  Cherry 
               



            .) What have you to say in the first Place against 
               
                  Hester 
                  Hussey 
               



            ? Did you lose any Mutton?
Cherry. Nineteen Pounds, my Lord, on Saturday Night last.
Q. From whence?
Cherry. From my Shop in Spitalfields-Market


.
Q. How did you know she took it?
Cherry. I did not see it, but she confess'd it; my Boy took her.
Q. When she was at your' Stall what did she say?
Cherry. She confess'd she had stole the Meat from the Stall.
Q. Do you know any thing of her?
Cherry. No, my Lord.
Q. Was she sober, then?
Cherry. I did not see her.
Q. What have you to say to the other two?
Cherry. We found a Loin of Mutton at Otaway's House.
Court. Was it your Mutton?
Cherry. She had stole that Loin first, and she carried it home to that Woman's House.
Q. How do you know it was your Mutton e
Cherry. I could tell by my own Cut.
Court. You found, however, a Loin of Mutton at Otaway's House.
Cherry. Yes.
Q. And what said she to it?
C herry. She said she had sent this young Woman to Market to buy it.
Q. Have you any thing more to say? What have you to say to the other Prisoner, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hussey 
               



            ?
Cherry. It was found in their Apartment.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Collins 
               



            ) What have you to say against this Hussey, the Prisoner?
Collins. My Lord, I lost part of a Loin of Mutton; it was taken from this Woman, the Prisoner. I live exactly opposite to my Neighbour, the other Witness; it was his Servant that attack'd the Woman, and the Woman voluntarily own'd it.
Q. Do you know any thing of the other two Prisoners, of their receiving it?
Collins. She told me there was more Meat there and Asparagus (which a Neighbour had a little before lost.) When we went, the old Woman refus'd to let. Hussey in, as she had Company with her; at last she open'd the Door: When we came in we presently found another Loin of Mutton, with Suet; she said she, the Prisoner, bought it. I ask'd them how they came to bring their Loins of Mutton home with Suet? she said they sold the Suet to the Tallowchandlers.
Q. Have you nothing to say to young Hussey?
Collins. No, my Lord, she was a-bed with the old Woman.


                  George 
                  Masters 
               



            . I am a Servant to Mr. Cherry. The Prisoner took the Breast of Mutton and Loin with the Hook in it; I saw the Hook move. When I went to her, and lifted up her Cloak, three Loins of Mutton tumbled out of her Lap.
Q. What have you to say to the old Woman, the Prisoner, Otaway?
Masters. Mr. Collins charg'd Hussey with the Watchman, and she told every Thing; that it was in this House, 
               
                  Hester 
                  Hussey 
               





               Guilty
            ; the Accessories 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


