





 + 31. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Corker 
                  



               
            , of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Watch, value 3 l. 3 s. the Property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Carnaby 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his Person
            , Nov. 19
.


                  William 
                  Carnaby 
               



            . As I was going along by the Corner of Hartshorn-Lane


, there were two Women standing there, the Prisoner turned me round, and said, Fellow-Servant, how do you do (though she never was my Fellow-Servant) she asked me to give her something to drink; she told me she wanted to speak with me, and then she pulled up her Coats, and asked me, if I wanted a feel; I said, I had no great Occasion for any such Thing at that Time; she took my Watch out of my Fob Pocket; I pulled her over to the Tavern, and she said, she would give me my Watch, if I would let her go; but at first she said, she knew nothing of it; I carried her to the Round-House, and they would not take her in, because I had not a Constable: In a short Time I got a Constable, I did not charge her directly; I said again, if she would give me my Watch, I would let her go; then said I, Constable, lay hold on her; then she said, if I would give her half a Guinea, she would give it me, but she would not deliver it.
- I am a Constable, I was sent for to take Charge of the Prisoner, and then the Prosecutor charged her with his Watch; she said, If I give you the Watch, will you give me what you promised me ( that was half a Guinea;) said I, have you made away with it; she said, no; I put my Hand down her Bosom, and felt something hard under her Armpit, and pulled it out by the Ribbon; she then wanted to go; I said no; I will be hanged if you go till I have carried you before a Justice, and the Watch was delivered to the Justice. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


