






3, 4. 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Thompson 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Alder 
                  



                
            , of St. Mary Islington



, were indicted for 


               stealing a Weather Sheep, val. 25 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Robinson 
                  




                
            , June 14
.


                  Christopher 
                  Day 
               



            . I live at the Angel-Inn, Islington. About the 13th or 14th of June last, I missed this Sheep of Mr. Robinson's out of my Field, and on the Sunday following the Skin was brought to me, by a Person who had pick'd it up. The next Day about 12 o'Clock, Word was brought me that two Men were taken up at Westminster, and that some Mutton was found upon them. I then came up to London, and found the Prisoners in the Gate-House: I took them before Mr. De Viel, before whom they confessed that they went into the Field, and took the Sheep. They very particularly described the Field, and said they came up some Steps and over a Stile to get into the Field, and that there was a sort of a rising Hill or Bank in it. They said they took the Sheep up the Field and dressed it, and left part of it under a Hay-Cock.
Prisoners. Were there no other Sheep in the Field but this?
Day. Yes, a great many.
Prisoners. What does Robinson mark his Sheep with, that you can swear to the Skin?
Day. A Fleur de Lis, and I think there were some other Marks on the Shoulder.


                  John 
                  Ilsley 
               



            . On Sunday the 14th of June last, at 11 o'Clock at Night, I met the Prisoner Alder in King's-Street, Westminster, in a very odd posture. He had got something that made him go almost double. I was going to stop him, but the Wheel of a Coach, which was then going along, falling off, I ran to the assistance of the People who were in the Coach. Before I could overtake him again he had got as far as Tothill-Street, and the Neighbours who were standing at their Doors, called out to the Watchmen to stop him. They did so, and brought him to the Watch-House: I was present and saw the hind quarter of a pretty large Sheep, and the Neck and Breast taken from him. I asked him how he came by it? and he said he had it from one Thompson as part of a Debt. I saw that it was not kill'd in the manner that Butchers kill their Meat, and so I took him to the Gate-House, and the next Morning carried him before Mr. De Viel. He still kept to the same story, and said he could tell us the Man whom he had it from; upon that he went with us to Thompson's Lodging, and on my asking him if he had ever sold any Mutton to Alder, he said, he had not. I immediately secur'd him, and on searching the Room, I found a 
               
                  Hind 
                  Quarter 
               



             of Mutton hanging in a Closet, which proved to be part of the same Sheep which I found on Alder. I likewise found part of the Fat wrapp'd up in an old Shirt. From thence we carried them before Mr. De Viel again, and they both said it signified nothing denying it, for they did steal it out of the Field, and had part of it for dinner on Sunday.


                  James 
                  Falconer 
               



            . I stopped the Soldier, (Alder) with the Load under his Coat, in King's-Street, Westminster. I put my Hand into the Bag, and felt that there was flesh in it. He said it was Mutton, and he had it from a Man in Holbourn that owed him 18 s. and that he took it for half of his Debt. I had a suspicion that it was stolen, so I took him to the Watch-house, and from thence he was carried to the Gate-House.


                  Thomas 
                  Cutler 
               



            . The Prisoner Alder was brought to the Gate-house about half an hour past 11 o'Clock; and the next Morning I had him before Colonel De Viel. I was likewise present when Thompson and Alder were together before the Justice, and they both said it signified nothing to deny it, for they stole the Sheep out of Primrose Hill, and were both equally concerned. I saw the Mutton which was found in Thompson's Room, and it appeared to be part of the same Sheep, as that which we found upon the other Prisoner Alder.
Mr. Day. The Field from whence I lost this Sheep is call'd Primrose-Hill.
Prisoner Thompson. We were taking a walk, and being weary we sat down under a Hay-Cock to rest, and found this Mutton.


                  John 
                  Philips 
               



            . I was before Mr. De Viel and heard Alder say, they took this Mutton out of a Field going to Highgate, but I did not hear Primrose-Hill mention'd. As to his Character; we enlisted him in August last, when we lay in Hounslow Camp, and he lay in my Tent, when I have had to the value of 40 l. in it, and I never miss'd any thing.


                  Jane 
                  Barclay 
               



            . Alder used our House, the Running Footman, in Drury Lane, and paid honestly for what he wanted.


                  Sarah 
                  Tailor 
               



            . I keep the Running Footman in Drury Lane, and he always paid me for what he had.


                  William 
                  Standix 
               



            . I have known Thompson ever since the Year 1739, and never saw any thing, dishonest by him. 


               Both Guilty 10 d
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


