





293. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Depenn 
               



             of St Mary Whitechapel


, alias 
               
                  Mary
                   the Wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Anderson 
                      







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Watch with the inside and outside Cases made of Silver, val.40s. a silver Chain, val.12 d. and 2 steal Seals val.1d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dukes 
                        




                      
                   in his Dwelling-House
            , May 23
.
John Dukes. My Sister having lost a Watch out of her House, and suspecting the Prisoner, she came to me, and asked me if I knew her? I told her yes, and she desired me to go with her to get a Warrant for her. This was on the 23d of May; and on the 24th I took her at Bow, and brought her before Justice Fowkes, where she owned she took the Watch off the Nail by the Side of the Chimney, and had intended to take it, a good while before she actually did it, if she could have known how to have disposed of it. But one Mrs Jons telling her she could vend such a thing for her, she then took it. The Watch was produced before the Justice; and he asked her, if that was the same Watch she took from my Brother's House? She said it was the same, and owned she took it away.


                  Daniel 
                  Gwynn 
               



            . John Dukes came to me about this Affair, and we got a Warrant to apprehend the Prisoner, and carried her before a Justice: she owned to me before we carried herthither, that she had taken the Watch, and had pawned it, but would not tell us where it was pawned; because the Woman to whom she had given it to pawn for her, had lent her Money upon it herself. This is the Watch, and she owned she took it.


                  Thomas 
                  Dukes 
               



             . This is my Watch.
Prisoner. Whatever they say ,- I used to wash at Mrs Dukes's House, and she owing a Quantity of Money to a certain Person, told me, if her Husband should come to the Knowledge of it, she should have a good deal of Anger: So she gave me the Watch out of her own Hand to pawn for her, and when her Husband missed it , she came and swore to me downright. The Prisoner having no Witnesses either to the Fact, or her Character, the Jury found her 


               Guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


