






190. 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     West 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 36 Pounds Weight of Lead, value 3 s. fixed to a certain Dwelling-house belonging to the 
                     
                        Parish
                         of St. Dunstan's in the East
                     




                  , did feloniously break and carry away, against the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided
            , April 25
.
Q. to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tomlinson 
               



            . Where do you live?
Tomlinson. In Harp lane, Tower-street.
Q. Was there any Lead stole from your House?
Tomlinson. Please you, my Lord, these two Houses stand in Bell-alley, in the Ward of Queenhithe


 , the Vestry-Clerk was ordered to advertise these two Houses ; the Prisoner, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  West 
               



            , came to my House on Friday, and he said it was his Business to take empty Houses to build and repair them; the Man appearing to me to be an honest Man, he came with another Person, I had the Keys of these Houses, and I let him have them , and he went into one of them, and there he broke down an Iron Sink lined with Lead , which, with the Help of another Person, he carried off. On Saturday last they came again, upon which the Neighbours had some Suspicion of them, so they cried out stop Thief. These Houses anted repairing or rebuilding.
Court. Then the Prisoner at the Bar would have been employed to work about them?
Tomlinson. He was to take the Houses himself, and repair them at his own Charge; he was first to go and look over the House to take an Estimate, then to take a Lease. I have nothing farther, than that the Sink was broke out from the Wall; they tell me there were two in Company with him.
Q. Did the Prisoner come to you to have Liberty from you to survey these Houses?
Tomlinson . Yes, Sir.
Court . You do not know he had any Company with him ?
Tomlinson. There was a Man with him when he came to my House the 24th of this Month.
Q. Was this Lead missing the 24th?
Tomlinson. No, my Lord, it was not missing till the Day following.
Prisoner to the Witness. Did you see me take the Lead away?
Tomlinson. No.
Court. But he saw Lead missing from the Sink in the Room.
Q. to 
               
                  James 
                  Marriot 
               



             . Do you know any thing of this Lead being taken?
Marriot I know the Prisoner at the Bar and another Man came to my House at three o'Clock in the Afternoon, he said he was taking an old House upon Lease, and he should have a large Quantity of Lead; I said he had better then let it alone altogether, he said there was a little Cistern which perhaps some of the Workmen would steal. I was speaking to a Person in the Neighbourhood of a Man that was taken for robbing the Mail, and they replied, a Man is taken for stealing Lead out of our back Houses; I replied, What Sort of Men were they? They said there were two of them, but one is gone away so on Monday I went down to see if this Lead measured with the Place, and I saw it exactly tallied. I gave him for it after the Rate of 11 s. per Hundred .
Q. to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Gosling 
               



            . Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar?


                  Gosling 
                  No 
               



            ; but when they took him, they cried out stop Thief. While he was in the empty House, where he took the Lead from, when they cried out stop Thief, I locked him into the House, the Key was without Side; there was a Chisel and a Cooper's Adze , which they think the Lead was taken out by. (These were produced in Court .)
Q. What Time did you lock him in?
Gosling. My Lord, they came about eight o'Clock in the Morning, and took this Lead, and they came a sec ond Time, that I locked him in.
Tomlinson. When this Man came to me, he said that he was an House-keeper, and lived in Old-street Square, and I might enquire a Character of him at the Cook in Old street Square.
[This was a Reply to one of the Prisoner's Witnesses, who said he had lodged with her for four or five Months. Two or three of his Witnesses gave him a good Character, but he had little to say for himself.]



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


