





13. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Havril 
                  



               
             , of St George, Bloomsbury


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a Gloucestershire Cheese, Value 18 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Palmer 
                  




                
            , October 12
.


                  Charles 
                  Palmer 
               



            . On the 12th of October, about seven in the Evening, the Prisoner came into my Shop; I was writing behind the Counter: I thought by his Behaviour he was a Rogue; and he perceiving that I saw him, he said, Sir, what is it a'Clock? I said to him, Go about your Business. I had a Thought he would come in again, and sometime afterwards in came 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Doody 
               



             : I saw him with a Gloucestershire Cheese in his Hand, and he went out of the Shop with it. I ran from behind the Counter into the Street, and pursued him I believe 150 Yards, and brought him back to the Shop. When he came before Justice Trent, he fell down on his Knees, and desired to be admitted an Evidence, and he impeached four of his Companions, one of which is the Prisoner at the Bar.


                  Joseph 
                  Doody 
               



            , the Accomplice. On the 12th of October the Prisoner went into a Cheesemonger's Shop; the Cheesemonger turned about and saw him, and then he said, Sir, what's a'Clock? and the Cheesemonger bid him go about his Business; then he came out, and by and by he bid me go in, which I did, and took up two Cheeses, the one I dropt, the other I gave to the Prisoner, who stood at the Door on Purpose to take it from me; then he went off with it, and I was taken and carried before Justice Trent, and made my self an Evidence. The same Day looking out of a Window, I saw him go along, and another young Lad after him: I sent Mr Harris for a Constable, and Mr Harris and the Constable took him.
Prisoner. What Time was it?
Doody. It was between seven and eight o'Clock. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


