





282. 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Rooke 
                  



               
            , at the parish of St. John Wapping


, was indicted, for that he, on the 29th of April
, in the 21st year of his Majesty's reign, 


               with a certain offensive weapon, called an iron poker, in, and upon 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Tod 
                        



                      
                  , wife of 
                        
                           
                              Robert 
                              Tod 
                           




, in the peace of God, and our sovereign Lord the King, then and there being, did make an assault, and unlawfully, feloniously, and maliciously, did demand money of the said 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Tod 
                     



                  , with an intent the money of the said 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Tod 
                     



                   feloniously to steal, take, and carry away
            , against the peace of our said Lord the King, against the form of the Statute in that case made and provided.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Tod 
               



             sworn.
Q. Are you a married woman or a single woman?
Tod. A married woman.
Q. What is your husband's name?
Tod. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Tod 
               



            .
Q. Where do you live?
Tod. In Queen's-head Alley, Wapping, at number four.
Q. What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Tod. On the 29th of April the Prisoner came to my house.
Q. Do you keep a publick house?
Tod. No, a private house. He knocked at the door, and I opened it, and let him in; he enquired for my eldest sister, and he said to me , your servant, madam, how do you do? I have not seen you these fifteen years.
Q. Did he do any thing to you?
Tod. He said good morrow to me, and that he was come to take his leave of me, and insisted upon sending for some fine tea; he gave the child two pence halfpenny to fetch some, and when the child was gone out of the house, he took the poker from the fireplace, as I was going to make a toast, and threatened me.
Q. Had you no body in the house with you?
Tod. No.
Q. Was it a poker that was in the fire?
Tod. No, it stood in the chimney-side. He came up to me and cursed me, and said, I am a decayed gentleman, deliver to me twenty guineas this minute; and he said, make no words, you b - h, give it me this minute; I said I had no such sum as that, and he knocked me down, and the blood run down very fast.
Q. Did he knock you down before he made his demand, or after?
Tod. He knocked me down upon the spot, just after he demanded the money, and held the poker over my head all the time; I was cut down the side of my face, and several places in my head; he stamped upon me too, and he wanted me to go up stairs to give him the twenty guineas, and he dragged me by the hair of my head to the staircase, and he went to cut my throat; here is the mark, if it was day light you might see it; I lay on my back entirely, and as I lay in my gore he struck me with the poker, and gave me a cut in my head; the wounds are not quite well yet, but I have exceeding good flesh to heal. I had a matter of twelve wounds in my head and neck. [Mrs. Tod produced some linen she had on at that time, which was very bloody.] And he said, you b - h, don't cry out, or make any noise, for if you do, I will knock you down, and murder you afterwards. I got the poker from him, and threw it over my head, and it went into a closet; he kneeled upon my breast, and kept me down for six or seven minutes, I got from under him, and jumped into the street.
Q. Was he taken immediately?
Tod. He was taken soon after, and I lost four guineas and an half, and three shillings and six-pence.
Q. Why did not you indict him for the robbery?
Tod. I have indicted him both for the robbery * and the assault.
 * She had preferred a bill of indictment against him for the robbery, but the Grand Jury found it Ignoramus.
Q. Where is your husband?
Tod. I expect him every day from Jamaica.
Q. What is your husband?
Tod. He is gone for a ship; he is to be master of her
.
Prisoner. She struck me with the poker.
Court (to Mrs. Tod.) Did you strike him with the poker?
Tod. No, my Lord.
Court. What is the Prisoner?
Tod. He is a lawyer
.
Prisoner. This is all as false as God is true, for I never struck her. Did not Justice Mainwairing ask you, whether you would swear that I took any money from you?
Tod. Yes; he asked me whether I would swear it, and I said I could swear it, but I did not see you take the money out of the chest.


                  Anna Maria 
                  Hardy 
               



             sworn.
Q. What are you?
Hardy . My husband is a carpenter of a man of war.
Q. Where do you live?
Hardy . I live about two doors from Mrs. Tod, I heard a cry of murder, and I heard that a strange man was beating Mrs. Tod. I do not say I saw it, but the rumour of it carried me out of my house, and I found her all in her gore .
Q. Was she got into the house again before you got there?
Hardy. Yes; she was all over blood , and I could not tell what she was made of , she was so prodigiously bloody.
Q. Was she able to speak?
Hardy. Very little, she was almost murdered, and about ten minutes afterwards, news was brought that the man was taken; the people heard that he run down Queen's-head Alley, and down the waterside, to get into a boat, and they run after him and took him. He was very wet; he had ruffles on, and a neck, but when he came to be searched, he had no shirt; after that we endeavoured to get the gentlewoman to herself. There were six cuts in her head, and the least of them was an inch and an half long.
Q. Was he brought back to the house?
Hardy. No, he was not brought back to the house, he was carried to the cage; and he was so wet, that we thought he had tumbled into the water.
Q. What did he say when he was in the cage?
Hardy. He said he had drank a pint of gin that morning, and did not know what he did. We asked him what he went there for, he said he knew the gentlewoman's father and mother, and went to see her.
Q. What time was this?
Hardy. This was not ten o'clock in the morning.
Q. Was he drunk then?
Hardy . No, he was as sober as he is now.
Prisoner. They are vile scandalous women; and when I have a little gin, I am crazy .


                  Elizabeth 
                  Andrews 
               



             sworn.
Q. Where do you live?
Andrews. Just by Mrs. Tod, by the back of Wapping Chapel. A woman came to me, and said, for God's sake come, for Mrs. Tod is almost murdered by a man who has been at her house to day. I said to Mrs. Tod, who has been here? she said Mr. Rooke the lawyer. I went to six places before I could get a surgeon, and then we sent for Dr. Scot, and he sent for a barber, and the barber came and shaved those places on her head that were cut, and she was carried in a chair by two men, (for she could not walk after her wounds were dressed) to the Justice's, to see the Prisoner; and he lifted up his hands and said, Lord, what have I done to this woman!
Q. Did the Prisoner give any account how he came to do this?
Andrews. He said he wanted twenty guineas, for he was going to the city of York; and the Justice said to him, what did you do it for? he said he did not know, he thought the devil was in him.
Q. Did you ever see him before?
Andrews. Yes, I saw him the day before. Mrs. Tod sent her girl to me, to desire I would come, for Mr. Rooke was there; I said I could not come; the child said I must come; and I said, I will come. When I came there, Mr. Rooke was sitting by the side of the table, and he said, Madam, will you please to eat any thing? and I said, No, sir, I have just dined; and he asked whether I would drink any tea, and I said no.
Q. Did he treat you?
Andrews. I did not want to be treated by him. We had some falmon, but he brought it in his pocket.
Prisoner . You swear nothing but falsities .


                  Q. 
               


            (to Mrs. Tod.) Was he with you on the 28th of April?
Tod. Yes, he was there then, and brought some falmon.


                  Margaret 
                  Collingwood 
               



             (Sister of the Prosecutor) sworn .
Q. Do you know the Prisoner?
Collingwood. Yes. About a fortnight before this affair happened, the Prisoner came to my sister's, and enquired after us. I had not seen him for fifteen years, and I said, Mr. Rooke, I thought you had been dead, and we made a little bumbo, and he said he would put us in a way of getting an estate. He asked where I lived, and said he would call upon me; I said it would not be agreeable for him to call where I was, for I was not much at home; and I desired he would call upon my sister.
Q. Do you know any thing of this fact? Did you see your sister in this condition ?
Collingwood . Yes, I did, and I saw her before the Justice , and he said he had drunk a pint of gin that morning.
Prisoner. Was not I searched before the Justice?
Collingwood . Yes, you was. He said he threw himself into the river.
Prisoner . Mrs. Tod fell down, and struck her head against the stairs, and she struck me with the poker; and to shew the malice of this woman , she has raised up two boys to swear , that I threw this money into the Thames. She picked up a solicitor at Hick's Hall, and he said there were four guineas and a half thrown into the Thames by me; said I, do you know this? and he said, I have persons to swear it; and she said she would transport me or hang me. She had no money, for I was to lend her money till I could get a house out of the mortgagee's hands. I had the honour twice to be admitted an attorney , once by Mr . Justice Price, and once by Mr. Justice Denton. This is an artful laid thing. I lodged in her father's and mother's house, and spent a great deal of money there; and once or twice a week she and her sister went through my room when I was asleep, and took my money. There was a quarrel between me and the Prosecutrix, but I had no manner of intention to commit a robbery or any act of violence; for I went to enquire after her youngest sister, Polly, and she said I dare not let you see her, for if she is catched, she will be hanged [for her mother and she were transported.] I cannot say how I hurt her, for I never struck her with the poker; and that poker could not be bent so, if it was taken to any anvil; I have been robbed at their house, from time to time, of two or three guineas a week.
Q. If these persons were of that character, what made you go there?
Eliz. Tod. I was but a child when he lodged at my father's house.
Jury. We should be glad to know what Mrs. Collingwood's husband is?
Collingwood. My husband is master of a Guinea-man .
Jury. Where do you live?
Collingwood. In Queen's-Square, Ratcliff-Highway .
Jury. Why was it improper for him to come to your house?
Collingwood. I thought it improper.
Jury. For what reason.
Collingwood. Why then, Gentlemen of the Jury, I will tell you. My husband has been gone these six years, trading on the coast of Guinea; and he being gone so long I was forced to take a lodging, and take in plain work, and go out to ironing. As to my sister, she lives in a very creditable manner, I do assure you.



               Guilty
             *.
* This offence was made transportation by an Act in the year 1734; whereby it is enacted, that if any person or persons after the first day of May, 1734, shall with any unlawful instrument or weapon assault, or with any menances demand any goods, chattels or money, with a felonious intent, that then, and in that case, every person lawfully convicted of the same, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported for seven years.




[Transportation. See summary.]


