





197. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Salmon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Silk Handkerchief
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Addis 
                  




                
            , March 17
.


                  Robert 
                  Addis 
               



            . About seven o'Clock at Night, I was going through Bishopsgate street


, and the Prisoner at the Bar was coming before me, upon the Right Side of me, and I saw the Prisoner put his Hand to my Right-Hand Pocket; upon that the Prisoner at the Bar went back for a few Yards; afterwards he came the other Side of me, and I felt something at my Pocket; upon that the Prisoner went off, and I did not see him, but presently after I saw the Prisoner deliver something to two Men that were along with him; after he had delivered something to these two Men, then the Prisoner came back again; upon his coming back, I and my Brother seized him, but did not find the Handkerchief upon him; I am very positive the Prisoner at the Bar is the Person I saw with the Handkerchief in his Hand.


                  William 
                  Addis 
               



            . About seven o'Clock in the Evening, my Brother and I were going to Spital fields.
Q. Where do you live?
Addis. At the Corner of Great Eastcheap, about three Doors from Devonshire-square; as I was walking on the Left hand of my Brother, my Brother clapped his Right hand to his Pocket; we had not walked above four Yards further, but the Prisoner at the Bar came between us, and whipped his Hand into my Brother's Right hand Pocket; he immediately withdrew about three Yards back; he turned about five Yards, and we laid hold of him as soon as we saw him again; he mixed himself with the People, at first we lost Sight of him, but in about five Minutes we saw him again and laid hold of him; he came back again immediately as soon as he had delivered the Handkerchief to his Company.
Q. What was the Handkerchief?
Addis. An India Silk Handkerchief.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


