





135. 
               
                  
                     Dorothy 
                     Roberts 
                  



               
            , of Alhallows the Less


, was indicted for 


               stealing thirteen Yards of checked Linnen, val. 13 s. sixteen Yards of Irish Linnen, val. 16 s. 1 Yard of Callico, val. 2 s. four Yards and a Half of Cambrick, val. 1 l 2 s. 6 d. one Part of Cambrick Ruffles, twenty Yards of Ribbon, one Pocket-Book, two Mocha Stone Buttons for a Coat, set in Silver
            , the Goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Church 
               




            . Jan. 8
.
William Church. My Wife deals in Linnen-Drapery Goods, and sells them among our Friends and Acquaintance. - I do not keep an open Shop. The Prisoner was my Servant
; upon missing these Things, I took out a Search-Warrant, and found her at her Sister's, and she confessed she had pawned some checked Linnen at a Pawn-Broker's in Horselydown, which I redeemed for 2 s. 6 d. This Pocket-Book, and these two Buttons, belonging to the Set which is upon this Coat, which I have had near twenty Years, and some other Things, were found in a Trunk in her Sister's House.


                  Ann 
                  Church 
               



            . I live at Watermans-Hall


, this Check was cut off a Piece which I have brought here, I missed the Goods the 8th of January, and found the Cambrick and Irish Cloth in a Trunk at her Sister's; these are several more Pieces of Check which were along with them: - She said, when she was my Servant, that she had a great Trunk at her Sister's, which was too big to bring to my House: - I had several Pieces just come in, which they were cut off from, and can swear to them; this Handkerchief is my Husband's, there's a C upon the Corner of it; I lost more Things which I have not yet found.
- Bowles. I am a Constable for the Borough of Southwark. I went with a Search-Warrant, and at a House in Horsely-down, several of these Goods were found in a Trunk; and she confessed she had some of these Things from her Master's.
Prisoner. The Irish Cloth, belonged to me before. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


