





+ 106. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Eales 
                  



               
             , of St. Sepulchre's


, was indicted for 


               stealing 113 yards of Irish linen , value 7 l. 32 yards of German linen, value 50 s. fifteen yards of cambrick, value 3 l. 41 yards of printed linen, value 2 l. 10 s. 48 yards of printed cotton, value 4 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hodges 
                        




                      
                   , in his dwelling-house
            , July 8
.


                  George 
                  Hodges 
               



            . I live at the King's Arms and Key in Cheapside, I have employed the Prisoner as a porter
 these three years, on the 5th of July 1742, I delivered a truss to him myself, to carry to a carrier.
Q. Do you remember what goods were in that truss?
Hodges. I have a memorandum of them here.
Q. What was that memorandum taken from?
Hodges . This is a copy that was taken from my day book.
Q. Did you deliver them with your own hands to the Prisoner?
Hodges . I delivered them to him with my own hands .
Q. What was in the truss?
Hodges. There were some ribbons, &c. which are not in the indictment; five pieces of white Irish linen, 113 yards; one piece of long lawn, which is called 32 yards of German linen; two pieces of cambrick; two pieces of printed linen; and two pieces of printed cotton.
Q. What were these goods stitched up in?
Hodges . They were stitched up in what we call hessen .
Q. Where was the Prisoner ordered to carry them?
Hodges . He was to carry them to the Red Lion in Aldersgate-Street, they were directed to Robert Shepherd, of Donnington .
Q. How long was it before you missed the goods?
Hodges . It might be from a fortnight to a month, I cannot be certain, My correspondent wrote to me to know whether I had sent him the goods, and if I had, how he might come at them. I spoke to the Prisoner, and asked him concerning them: he said he had entered them in his book, (for I did not suffer him to scribble in my journal ) and that he had delivered them as I had ordered him; and I thought he was out of fault, and gave directions to sue the person he delivered them to; but having some farther information, I got a search warrant and went to Mr. Ferguson's in Barbican . and found some of my goods there, and Mr. Ferguson was so honest that he searched all his house, and sent me some goods that I could not have found.
- [The goods were produced by Mr. Hodges , and proved to be his property.]
Eliz. Eales . The Prisoner at the bar is my brother-in-law, my husband's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Eales 
               



             , he lives in Long-Lane.
Q. Do you remember the Prisoner's bringing any goods to you, packed up?
Eales . Yes, - it was to the best of my knowledge stitched up, he left it in my kitchen, and desired it might be carried up stairs, and in a few days he came again and said he wanted to speak with me; he came up stairs and said I must do a thing for him or else he was ruined for ever - he belonged to the fire-office; he said he had pawned his coat and badge, and if I did not pawn some things for him, he should be ruined for ever; so he took a knife out of his pocket, cut open the parcel, and took out some things. - the first things he took, to the best of my knowledge, were two pieces of printed linen, he put them into my apron and I went and pawned them.
Q. Where did you carry them?
Eales. I carried them into Barbican. I do not know the gentleman's name, it went by the name of Stone - I carried them at several times, one was a very beautiful piece, I can stand to that piece.
Q. Are you sure you carried that piece there?
Eales. Yes .
Q. What money had you the first time?
Eales. I had two guineas the first time - I cannot tell how many times I went.
Q. How much money had you in the whole?
Eales . I cannot tell - to the best of my knowledge it was about seven pounds .
Q. What did you do with all this money, be it more or less?
Eales . He had it all. I pawned the things by his direction.

Eales. I was entrusted with all the goods; my sister is guilty of perjury; I would scorn to tell a lie if I was sure to die for it. I had no more than one guinea. - I have nothing more to say than only to prove her perjured.


                  William 
                  Cadwallader 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Ferguson , 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Eales 
               



             brought all these goods to me at different times.
Q. How much money had she of you?
Cadwallader. I believe in the whole she had nine pound.
Q. to Eales. Did the Prisoner live with you?
Eales. No, he did not live with me, he lived in Ivy-lane.
Q Where are your witnesses, you said you would prove this woman perjured.
Pris. I was to carry these goods to the inn to go by Robinson and it was not his week, it was Drury's week, and I carried them to my brother's house till the next week came. I told her I wanted a guinea and she refused it me, and my brother denied it me, I speak with as much truth and justice as if I was before the god of heaven, that she pawned the things, and converted them to her own use.
Eliz. Eales. I did it all by his desire, and he had the whole money if there's belief in a Christian.
Prison. You are a wicked liar, how can you tell such a story you lying wicked jade. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


