





278. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jefferies 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Pair of Gold Shirt-Buttons, one Pair of Silver Spurs, one Shaggreen Instrument-Case, with a Set of Mathematical Instruments, one Pair of Silver Knee Buckles, and one Gold Ring set with Diamonds
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Dickson Thomas 
                     Gilling 
                  




               
             , May 18
.

Mr. Gilling . The Day before yesterday, a little after six in the Evening, I locked the Compting-House at the Mansion-House, that is now building for the Lord Mayors, (I belong to Mr Dance ) I left the Things mentioned in the Indictment in a Drawer in the Compting-House; when I went in the Morning I found the Door open, and the Drawer laid upon the Floor; I immediately missed the Things, and in the Afternoon one Draper told me that a Man had sold a Gold Ring to Mr. Wallis , at the Red Lion in Wentworth street, Spital-Fields ; I went there with Draper, and Mr. Wallis said he had bought a Pair of Gold Buttons, and had paid twenty Shillings for them, that his Wife had them, and he would not let me see them without paying him the 20 s. and I did pay him 20 s. for them - The Prisoner was then at Mr Wallis's House, and pulled a Pair of Silver Spurs out of his Pocket, and said that they were given him by one Martin ; he said he found the Buttons in the Minories , but when he came before Justice Peck , he said that Martin gave him both the Buttons and the Spurs.


                  Harry 
                  Wallis 
               



             . Yesterday Morning between nine and ten o'Clock, as I was standing at my Door, the Prisoner came by, and another Neighbour with him, he said Mr Wallis, See what a Find I have got to-day, I have found a Pair of Gold Buttons; and said, that when he picked them up, he would have sold them for a Shilling, but a Gentleman coming by said they were Gold; there was another Labourer with him who saw him pick them up; but I am apt to think he dropped them himself, and then pretended to find them. I asked him what he would do with them, he said he would sell them, and said they were worth a Guinea and an half; I said I would give him what a Silversmith would give for them; a Neighbour's Man weighed them, and they weighed 20 s. 9 d. and I gave him 20 s. and a Pot of Beer for them; he said he found the Buttons in the Minories, but that Martin gave him the Spurs.


                  Andrew 
                  Martin 
               



            . The Morning after the Robbery, my Master Gilling was saying he had lost such and such Things, and I desired he would look after this Fellow (the Prisoner) whom we call Shock ; at Dinner-Time, Draper came and said he had taken Shock , and that he had the Gold Buttons. I went with Mr Gilling to Mr Wallis's , and found him asleep ; we examined into the Fact, and he denied stoutly , and said he did not care a Pin for the Gentleman .


                  Thomas 
                  Draper 
               



             . I was going yesterday Morning ong the Poultry , and heard that the Compting-House had been broke open, and that Mr Gilling had been robbed. I happened to go into Mr Wallis's , and there was the Prisoner; said Mr Wallis , I have bought two Pair of Gold Buttons of him, and paid him the Money for them I saw the Prisoner was full of Money, said I, The World is well mended with you. I told Mr Wallis I knew the Owner of them, and desired him to take Care of the Prisoner , till I went and fetched the Owner, and he secured him till I fetched the Prosecutor.


                  Richard 
                  Quait 
               



             . A Woman brought a Ring yesterday to my Shop to sell, I questioned whether she came honestly by it; said I, I must step this Ring; and then she said she would fetch the Owner: the Prisoner came and said he found it in Cheapside ; said I, It is a Thing of Value, and I must stop it and advertise it, which accordingly I did; the Prisoner said he would call again, and away he run.
The Buttons, Spurs, and Ring were produced, which were sworn to by the Prosecutor. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


