





68. + 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hughes 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Cotton Handkerchief, Value 14 d. the Property of Jam. Mills, from his Person
            , December 22d
.


                     James 
                     Mills 
                  




                
            . On the 22d of December, in the Evening, as I was going by the Corner of Somerset-House, I felt the Shoulder of my Coat bear a little tight upon me, so I immediately turned about, and seized the Prisoner, who was quite close to me, and told him he had picked my Pocket, and should go into the next Shop with me, he told me he would not, and desired I would let him go; - there was another Person at a little Distance, who seemed to me to be of the same Complexion with this Gentleman, and knowing that they go in Gangs, I was afraid of being attacked by them, so I got him by Force into the Shop: Mr Blakey, who was passing by that Time, told me the Handkerchief was between his Feet, I stopped down and took it up; there was no Person near me who could possibly pick my Pocket, but the Prisoner: I am sure he is the Person, I know him perfectly well, I did not see him take it out of my Pocket.
Mr Blakey. On the 22d of December, about seven in the Evening, I was going by Somerset-House, and heard a Gentleman say, the Fellow has pick'd my Pocket. I said, Sir, secure him, and I will take care no body shall come behind you to assault you. There was a Handkerchief lying upon the Ground just by the Prisoner's Feet, said I, Sir, is that your Handkerchief, he said it was, and I think Mr Mills took it up himself, he carried the Prisoner into a Hosier's-Shop, by Somerset House ; and he was afraid of being insulted by others of the Gang, so sent for a Guard from Somerset-House, who carried the Prisoner before Justice Frasier. - The Handkerchief lay very near him, and there was nobody else near, who could possibly take it. - There was another Fellow about two or three Yards from him, who I suspected to belong to the Gang.


                  Ann 
                  Sullivan 
               



            , 
               
                  Phoebe 
                  Johnson 
               



            , 
               
                  Robert 
                  Harrison 
               



            , and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Burt 
               



            , said, they had known the Prisoner several Years; that he serv'd his Time to his Father, a Comb-maker
; and was a hard-working, honest Fellow. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


