





209. + 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Burridge 
               



             of St Leonard, Shoreditch,


 was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        Jeffery 
                        Rushton 
                     



                    about the Hour of two in the Night, and stealing 20 Yards, of Callimanco, val. 15 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        Reynolds
                     


                   and 
                     
                        Bray
                     


                  ; and 3 Shuttles, val. 18 d. 2 Pair of Pickers, val. 12d. 1 Rug, val. 2s. 1 Blanket, val. 1s. and 1 Sheet
            , the Goods of Jeffery Rushton, Feb. 27
.

Jeffery Rushton. My House was broke open the 27th of February, between one o'Clock and Day-light in the Morning. About six o'Clock I missed the Goods mentioned in the Indictment. - I rent a House. - I have a Chamber, a Kitchen, and a Shop, and pay five Pounds a Year. - There's no Body but my Family lives in the House with me. I have a Wife and three Children, but no Servant. - I belong to the College.


                  Henry 
                  Dye 
               



            . On the 26th of February, being Saturday Night, I had been at a Publick-House and came from thence between nine and ten o'Clock, (as I always keep good Hours) and between eleven and twelve I locked the Door, and went up to Bed; and between that and the Hour of Six in the Morning this was done. - I am a Lodger, and work in the House; I have worked for Mr Reynolds some Years. - The Door that was broke open is an outward Door upon a Public Stair-Case; there are a great many Tenements in the House, but the Street-Door was not locked. - I did not hear any Thing broke open, for I had drank a Pint of Beer more than ordinary, and might be heavy to sleep; but I am sure I locked the Door before I went to Bed. One of these Pickers is mine, this Shuttle and this Picker is Jeffery Rushton's.


                  Daniel 
                  Lister 
               



            . About the 21st of January, I enlisted the Prisoner as a private Soldier, in Colonel 
               
                  Fowkes
               


            's Regiment at Gibraltar, and sometime after he deserted from me; on the 27th of February, about 11 o'Clock he came by my Door, he had a Knife in his Hand and bid me Defiance, I sent a Couple of Recruits after him, and they took him as a Deserter, as he was going to the Savoy, one of them delivered these Things to me, I asked the Prisoner whose they were, he told me they were his working Tools; (these three Shuttles, and these two Pair of Pickers) Rushton came to me, and enquired if I had not such a Person; he told me he had worked with him, and had stole some Shuttles, and Pickers, and several other Things; the Prisoner spent Eight Shillings upon the Recruits, and said he had given his Wife Thirteen Shillings that Night, he said he had worked hard, and had got this Money by keeping himself close up.


                  John 
                  Martin 
               



            . The Prisoner delivered these two Pair of Pickers into my Hand, he said this large Pair cost him half a Crown, and the other a Shilling, and desired I would give them to Mr Lister, and desire him to lay them up for him, for they were his working Tools.
Burridge. And please you my Lord, this Man. Rushton, and I, were drinking together till Ten o'Clock on Saturday Night; he said he had no Money, and desired me to lend him a Shilling, and he delivered these Pickers into my Hand.
Q To Rushton. In what Manner, was the Door broke open?
Rushton. Either the Staple was pushed back, or the Lock was picked, the Staple was half bent, there was nothing broke; just at duskish, I went to Bed, and then I saw the Door was locked, I was sick that Night. - The Prisoner lodged in the same House.
Rushton. How should this Man have this Money, When he received but Three Shillings on Saturday Night?
- Collins. I have known the Prisoner 20 Years, I never heard of any Thing to stain his Character; he always behaved like a very honest Man: - During the Time that he has worked with me.


                  Thomas 
                  Oakes 
               



            . I have known him from a Child, I never knew any ill that ever he did in his Life.


                  John 
                  Driver 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner from his infancy, in Hanging-Sleeve-Coats, almost 40 Years ago, and never knew he wronged any Man of any Thing in his Life. 


               Acquitted of the Burglary, Guilty of the Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


