






259. 
               
                  Rose 
                  Robinson 
               



            , of St. James's Westminster



, was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 10s. a cambrick laced cap, value 2 s. and two linen caps, value 3 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Howard 
                        



                      
                  , and a gown, value 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Dawson 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  May
                   27th
               



            .


                  Mary 
                  Howard 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about two months, she was a chairwoman

, and lodged in my brother Dawson's house. She confessed she pawned the things to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Shewell 
               



            .


                  Elizabeth 
                  Dawson 
               



            . The prisoner was a chairwoman, and had a room in my house. She owned that she took the things, and had pawned them, [the gowns were produced, and owned by the prosecutors.]


                  Ann 
                  Shewell 
               



             and 
               
                  Rachael 
                  Bradshaw 
               



            , two pawnbrokers proved the taking the goods in from the prisoner.


                  James 
                  Agnew 
               



            . Mrs. Dawson sent for me last Monday morning to search her house for these things, because she had a suspicion of the prisoner's being a thief. I went into the prisoner's room, and there Mrs. Dawson found a shaving cloth, that she said was her's then I took the prisoner, and she owned she had taken the gow ns and pawned them in Berwick street, Soho, where I found them; the gowns were wet when I first had them; I found the three caps pawned in the name of Rose Robinson, and the people could not tell who took them in. The mistress said she did not, and the maid said she did not; but it appeared that the ticket which was upon the goods that were pawned was of the mistress's handwriting. 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


