





477. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Walford 
                  



               
             , of St Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Cotton Gown, a Linnen Handkerchief, a Silver Marrow-Spoon, a Silver Strainer, a Silver Salt, and 2 Holland Sheets
            , the Goods of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Church 
               




             , July 17
.


                  Mary 
                  Church 
               



            . I live in Catherine-street, in the Strand


. The Prisoner had been my Servant
 about 6 Weeks; she got up one Morning between 7 and 8 o'clock, (I can't tell what Day of the Month it was) and went away without Warning. About 4 Hours after she was gone, I missed the Things; she was taken up, and sent to St Martin's Round-House , and we afterwards carried her before Mr Justice Frazier, where she confessed that she had taken them.
Prisoner. When I came before the Justice, I was not capable of giving an Answer to any thing.
Church. She was as sober then as I am now.


                  John 
                  Sanders 
               



            . I am Servant to Mr Church in Catherine street. The Prisoner confessed to me, in Tothil Fields-Bridewell, that one Mrs Burnet had pawn'd them for her in the Broad-way, Westminster , and that most of the Money was spent at her House.
Prisoner. Ask him, what he said to me, when he saw me in Bridewell ?
Sanders. I told her, if she would confess that she had stole the Things, my Master would en-deavour to be as favourable as he could in the Prosecution. My Master is a Carpenter, and my Mistress keeps a Coffee-House.


                  Margaret 
                  Burnet 
               



             . This Woman brought the Things to my House; there was a Gown, a Strainer, a Spoon, and a Salt, and she said she had them from her Mother a free Voluntier; but I don't know that they belong to Mrs Church, how should I?


                  Ann 
                  Stewart 
               



            . I happen'd to come by the Round-House when the Prisoner was there, and heard her Master and Mistress say, if she would confess, they would be favourable. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


