





549. 
               
                  Eleford 
                  Mills 
               



             , was indicted for 


               stealing 1 quart silver tankard, val. 5 l . the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Batiscome 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Daniel
            , July 9
.


                  Daniel 
                  Batiscome 
               



             . I live at the Butchers-arms


 in Hare-street, Bethnal-green


. The prisoner and another man came to my house, and called for a full pot of beer; presently came in a third person and called for a tankard of beer; the prisoner having paid for his pot of beer, the other asked him to drink with him out of the tankard, which he did, and put the tankard down in a chair where it stood before. I having occasion to get some change, while my back was turn'd, the beer was flung out of the tankard, and the prisoner and tankard were gone too. I sent my servant to pursue him, but he could not find him.


                  William 
                  May 
               



            . I was drinking in the house; while I was lighting my pipe by the candle, the prisoner run away with the tankard .


                  Samuel 
                  Gear 
               



            . I live in Drury lane; the tenth of July, the prisoner brought the tankard to my shop between five and six in the morning; he said his mother sent him to sell it, to fit him out for sea; he said 3 l. was the price of it. I said, do you go and fetch your mother to justify it is your property, and I'll give you the money you ask; I was going to advertise it, and the same night the prisoner was taken and brought to my house; the prosecutor swore to the tankard before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gore 
               



            , where the prisoner confessed the taking of it.
The prosecutor, and the prosecutor's father in law a dyer, with whom the prisoner worked as a servant
 , and others spoke well of him as to his former character .




               Guilty of stealing but not out of the dwelling house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


