







+ 101, 102, 103. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Talbot 
                  



                
            *, 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     McCoy 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Casey 
                  , otherwise Gaffney



            , of St. Giles's in the Fields




, were indicted for 


               stealing two camblet gowns, value 10 s. and two poplin gowns, value 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Johnson 
                        




                      
                   , in his shop
            , Nov. 29th
.
* He was indicted in October Sessions 1742, with 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Pierce 
               



            , for the Murder of Patrick Smith, in Chelsea Fields. See Trial by the name of Torbett, 136, p. 77.


                  John 
                  Hawkins 
               



            . On the 29th Nov. I and 
               
                  Tho 
                  Talbot 
               



            , 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  McCoy 
               



            , and 
               
                  Patty 
                  Casey 
               



            , stole six gowns out of a shop in High Holbourn, near St. Giles's.


 - 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  McCoy 
               



             went into the shop, behind the counter, and took them off the shelf.
Q. Where were you then?
Hawkins. We stood at the door to take what he got.
Q. What sort of a shop was it?
Hawkins. It was a shop where they sell clothes.
Q. What did you do with them?
Hawkins. We pawned two for four shillings, sold one for one shilling, and another for two shillings.
Talbot. How long was this ago?
Hawkins. It was between six and seven weeks ago.
Talbot. Can you remember what time o'night it was?
Hawkins. It was between six and seven o'clock.
Q. Was it dark or light?
Hawkins. It was very dark, but there was a lamp by the door.
Q. What was McCoy's name when you were originally acquainted with him?
Hawkins . His name was 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  McCoy 
               



             , I never knew him by any other name.

Mrs. Johnson . My husband keeps a clothes shop and a chandler's shop in High Holbourn, - the clothes shop is in the front; on the 29th of November we were robbed of five or six gowns; they all lay upon one shelf.
Talbot. [to Hawkins] did not you positively say before the Justice that there were seven gowns?
Hawkins. I said I believed there were between six and seven, I cannot tell how many he might take, there might be more or less; I had part of the money for six.
Talbot . Did we commit any other robberies that night?
Hawkins . No, not that I know of.
Johnson. Casey owned the fact, and said the other two were innocent.
Casey . I own the fact, the other two young men were not with me.


                  John 
                  Travers 
               



            . I have known 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  McCoy 
               



             these eight years, his father and mother are very honest people, he served his time with his father, who is a shoe-maker, and made shoes for my wife last July.
Q. What is his character as to his honesty?
Travers. I cannot say much of the matter.
Q. Has he a bad character?
Travers. He has for whoring and drinking, and quarrelling.
Q. Have you heard that he is addicted to stealing?
Travers . They said so.


                  John 
                  Richardson 
               



            . M'Coy's father and mother were very honest industrious people. - I never heard any otherways of him, I have known him these two years. - I never heard any other ill of him than that he is given to drinking - his father is living.


                  Stephen 
                  Brag 
               



            . I lodged with his father and mother about 12 months ago, he was honest and diligent then, I have not known much of him these six months. 


               All Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            







[Transportation. See summary.]


