





340. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Pebworth 
                  , otherwise 
Smith




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one white Damask Gown, value 40 s. one red Damask Gown, value 36 s. one Holland Apron, value 5 s. five Caps, value 7 s. &c.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Young 
                  




                
            , June 16
.


                  Tho 
                  Young 
               



            . On the 9th of June the Prisoner come to live as a Servant
 with me. On the 16th she gets up in order to go to washing. She told my Spouse she would get up at one or two o'Clock in the Morning. My Spouse said she did not desire her so soon. She said, five would be soon enough. Two o'Clock in the Morning the Watchman came, and my Door was safe; at three o'Clock he call'd me up, with the Door wide open. As soon as we heard of it my Wife mistrusted that she had robb'd her. My Wife desir'd me to go to her Chest, to seek after her Gowns, and we found two Gowns missing, a white Damask Gown, and a red Silk Gown. Then I went down into the Kitchen, to see after the Linen that she was to wash that Morning, and that was gone. Upon missing these Things I went all the Day seeking after her, but I could not find her.
Q. How long have you had her in Custody?
Young. About six or seven Weeks, when we took her up, we had her before the Justice, she had nothing to say for herself. The Prisoner said, she had sold one of the Gowns and a Sheet for a Guinea, to Mrs Grah am.
Q. to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Prior 
               



            . Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar ?
Prior. I am an Apprentice to Mr Harrison in St Giles's.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar?
Prior. I can't say that ever I saw her before. She brought the Gown to my Master; a white Damask Gown, and a Napkin that wrapp'd it in. She pawn'd the Gown for a Guinea. I am sure the Prisoner at the Bar is the Person; and about two or three Days afterwards it was put in the Advertisement.
Q. In whose Name was it put in?
Prior. In the Name of Eliz. White. When my Master saw it in the Advertisement he sent a Letter to Mr Young, and told him, he had got such a Gown. She said she was just come out of the Country, and wanted a little Money. She said she lodged at Mrs Graham's, but we could not find her. About three Weeks after, the 16th of July, she came into our Shop, with another Woman, to fetch the Gown out.
Q. to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Graham 
               



            . Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar?
Grayham. I don't know her any otherwise than a Woman brought her to me to lodge; a Woman that I have known ten Years.
Q. Did she lie at your House?
Graham. She never laid but one Night. I never saw her but once.
Q. Is she the Person?
Graham. Yes, my Lord, she is the Person. She is very remarkable. She brought that red Damask Gown, and I gave her a Guinea for it and the Street. She said, that her Husband had married another Wife, and the Clothes would be troublesome for her to carry.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


