





191. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gregory 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               robbing 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Mackbridge 
                        




                      
                   of a silk purse, value 6 d. six guineas, and 5 s. in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Archibald 
                        Glass 
                     



, February 14
.


                  Thomas 
                  Mackbridge 
               



             . I and the prisoner lay together ; I went to bed a little after ten, my money was then in a green silk purse in my pocket. I mist it as soon as I got up, which was about seven in the morning : the prisoner got up about six, I was then awake; I made inquiry of the landlady of the house; she said there was no such thing found.
Q. Did any other people lodge in your room?
Mackbridge. There was another bed with two people in it.
Q. Might not they as well have taken your money as the prisoner at the bar?
Mackbridge I was up before them, and missed my money before they got up.
Q. Did the prisoner ever lie with you before?
Mackbridge. Yes, one night before .
Q. What time did he get up then ?
Mackbridge. About the same time that he did before.
Q. In what pocket did you put your money?
Mackbridge. In my breeches, and laid them under my head: I met with the prisoner in Rosemary lane between eleven and twelve o'clock that very day; I accused him; then I saw him drop the purse, and took it up; there was in it two half guineas and three shillings in silver; then I secured him.
- Shambrook. I live at the Windmill in Rosemary lane; the prisoner did belong to Colonel 
               
                  Richbel
               


            's regiment of marine
s; a townsman of mine used to come to my house with him, I desired him to go over the way between six and seven o'clock; when he came the next morning, he sent for a hatter to buy a hat, he bought one price 7 s. he was inclinable to drink, I saw he had got money; said I, you will get fuddled and lose your money , so he left three guineas with me; but saying he owed a woman some money, I gave him five shilling out of it; he had been at my house two or three times , and said he was to receive some prize money .
Q. Do you know how he came by this money ?
Shambrook. No, my Lord, no otherways than this; he told me he had received 30 pounds prize money since he came to town; he was going up the lane to take coach and met some of his shipmates , they went into Alderman Parson's head and had a full pot of hot; then came to my house and had a full pot of beer; then the prosecutor seized him, and said he must go to Mr. Glass's; he dropped the purse in my house, but I did not see him drop it, under the table; then they had him before the Justice.


                  Francis 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I am headborough of St. John's , Wapping; the prosecutor came to me with a warrant; so we took the prisoner up, and had him before Justice Duckingfield , and there he owned he found this purse with the money in it, going up Glass's stairs; he said he was come down and was going up again, and found it the second time going up; the prosecutor said he knew the purse by an ilet hole that was made in it, and his Worship looked on it and found it to be as described.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was going up to bed I found the purse and money in it.



               Guilty of stealing, but not out of the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


