







34, 35, 36. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Evans 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Hoskins 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Jervis 
                     Trueman 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        Gerrard 
                        Cavenagh 
                     




                    in the house of 
                     
                        Jervis 
                        Trueman 
                     



                  , putting him in fear, and taking from him a silver stock clasp, val. 5 s. a linen stock, val. 3 d. and 12 s. 6 d.
             the goods and money of the said Cavenagh, June 22 d
.
Gerrard Cavenagh. Last sunday was tennight at night, the Prisoner Evans met me in Fleet-street near Fleet-Ditch, and carried me to the Prisoner Trueman's house. I followed the young jade up stairs; she sat down in a chair and I sat by her, and Hoskins brought up a pint bottle of China Ale, I think they call it, for I never drank any of that liquor before. When we had taken that bottle between us 3, we had another, and made an end of that in the same manner. Then this young jade asked me to go to bed with her, but she was battered and had a black eye, so I would not have any thing to say to her, but gave her 6 d. to be quiet, for I was sure she had a mind to do me a mischief. Presently she in the red cloak (Hoskins) came up; I ask'd her what was her demand? she said a shilling; but I thought 6 d. was enough, for those 2 pints did not hold above a pot: she said the common price of this house was 12 d. for 2 bottles and 6 d. for a bottle, so I got my hand into my pocket, and drew up a shilling, and said it was an extravagant house, for the liquor was worth nothing, and a pint of beer would be better than 5 bottles of it. I had clear'd my way and was for going off, but this young jade (Evans) took hold of the skirt of my coat, and said she would not be quit of me: then the other Woman came up, took hold of my hair, while Evans took me by the body, and pick'd my money out of my pocket. I immediately got hold of Evans, and Hoskins cut my fingers and my cheek with a knife to make me let her loose. After this they called that gentleman at the bar ( Trueman ) up, and he beat me in the face, and said he would murder me before I should leave the place. Then I lost my stock and clasp, but which of them took it I can't tell. They kept beating and battering me about some time, and at last I made my way to the door, leaving my hat and cane behind me, and met the drawer coming up, but I knock'd him down stairs again. I cried out murder! and a Watchman who was crying the hour within 3 yards of the door took me up to the watch-house, and afterwards secur'd the Prisoners.
Trueman. When you first saw me was you not on the stair-case, coming down to get away?
Cavenagh. No, I never saw him till he came into the room, and gave me a knock in the face.


                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



            . I went to assist the watchman in carrying the Prisoners before a magistrate, and as we came back, Trueman drew this knife, and swore if I came near him he would cut me to pieces. After we came from Guild-hall, and got to the lodge at Newgate, Trueman flung a great piece of chalk at me and swore he would be revenged of me.


                  Henry 
                  Gulston 
               



            . I was going my rounds about 2 o'clock, and somebody in Trueman's house called Watch! I made up to the door, and the Prosecutor said he had lost 12 s. 6 d. his cane, hat, and clasp, and I took him to the watch-house. Trueman and the woman in the red cloak (Hoskins) who goes for his wife, were sitting at the door together at the same time, and said the man had lost nothing.


                  Nicholas 
                  Stanley 
               



            . I am a watchman: on the 21st of June about a quarter past 2 in the morning, I went to the watch-house to leave my lanthorn and staff, and the Prosecutor told me he had been robb'd, and desir'd I would assist him in taking the persons, and bringing them to justice. Accordingly I went down to the house. and found Trueman and Hoskins at the door. Hoskins immediately ran in doors, and on my going into the house to see for her, one 
               
                  George 
                  Coates 
               



             told me she was gone out at the back door, but Trueman desir'd her to come out, and then we secur'd them.


                  William 
                  Kingsley 
               



            . I was constable for the night that this thing happen'd, and hearing a Hurley-burley I sent the watchmen out to see what was the matter, and they brought the Prosecutor and three Prisoners to the watch-house. The Prosecutor seem'd to be in a very bloody condition, and had a large cut across the back of his hand, and a bruise under one of his eyes. He charged the Prisoners with robbing him, so I thought it convenient to commit them to the Compter, and him to Bridewell, till the next morning; when they were carried before the Alderman at Guild-hall.


                  Daniel 
                  Hubbard 
               



            . I am a watchman, and as I was coming with the constable from Bridewell, I saw Hoskins and Trueman standing at their own door, and when I got to the watch-house, the Prosecutor was there, and complained of this robbery. He said he had left his hat and came in the house, and I went there and found them all bloody behind the door.
Prisoner Trueman. The Prosecutor brought 2 Women to my house while I was out, they went to fighting among themselves, and when I came home I went up to them; the Prosecutor struck me in the face, and then I took to my own defence.



                  Thomas 
                  Hooker 
               



            . I was drinking last monday with the prosecutor and the prisoner Trueman's brother at the Sun and Cart, and the prosecutor said he had nothing to say against Trueman for he did not come up stairs till after he lost his money. He said he saw the girl come down Fleetstreet, and she asked him to treat her with a pint of beer, and upon that he went with her to Trueman's house at Fleet Ditch, where they drank a bottle of China Ale for which he paid a shilling. That he was going to be conversant with the girl, but catching her hand in his pocket, he gave her 6 d. for her trouble, and would not have any thing to say to her, for he thought it was enough for her to be a whore only and not a thief too. He said they battled together for about 10 or 12 minutes, and then Trueman came up and knocked him down backwards, at the same time swearing he would murder him. That after this another man came up and he lost his stock and clasp in the scuffle, but who took it he could not tell. This is all that I can remember, for his discourse was so imperfect, and his expressions so intricate, that a man must have the eloquence of Tully to express their meaning.


                  William 
                  Trueman 
               



             deposed to the same effect.


                  William 
                  Mills 
               



            . I have known Trueman from a child, and never heard but that he was an honest man till this misfortune happened.


                  Samuel 
                  Sprig 
               



            . I have known him upwards of 20 years: He bore a good character, and was always counted an honest man.


                  Edward 
                  Lee 
               



            . I have known him from a little boy. I took him to be an honest man and never heard any thing charged on him till this affair broke out.


                  James 
                  Titsell 
               



            . I have known him 24 or 25 years, and never heard that he was suspected of robbing any body.


                  William 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I have known him 15 or 16 years, and I never heard but that he bore a good character.
Pris. Hoskins. I was Mr. Trueman's bar-keeper; and these people came into our house, and when they began to quarrel, I gave a young man three half-pence to call my master.
Pris. Evans. I and another young woman met the prosecutor in Fleet-street; and we went with him to Trueman's house. We had a pint of ale for which he paid 3 d. and he gave me 3 d. for my company, and because I would not be great with him, he tore off my cloak, and stood at the bottom of the stairs, swearing he would kill the first man that came up. The drawer went up stairs and he did not meddle with him, but when the Gentleman (Trueman) offered to go up, he beat him over the fingers, and then fell upon us all.


                  Nicholas 
                  Stanley 
               



             again. The prosecutor sent for me to the constable's house on Sunday, and the prisoner's brother was present. He told Cavenagh he would satisfy him for his loss, provided it could be made up.


                  Sam 
                  Tunmore 
               



            . I heard Smith the watchman say, at the Running-Horse in St. John Street, that he wanted to speak to one of Mr. Trueman's sons. One of them happening just then to go by, he (Smith) called him in, and told him he did not want to appear as an evidence against his brother, and desired to know what Mr. Trueman designed to do.
Jury. We desire the constable may be asked what repute Trueman's house is of.
Kingsley. It bears a very indifferent character.
Jury. Was the prosecutor sober when he came to the watch-house?
Kingsley. He was middling: He had been drinking but was not drunk.
Hoskins and Evans 


               guilty Felony
            , Trueman 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


