





146. 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Coarse 
                  



               
            , of St Botolph, Aldgate


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Great-Coat, val. 5 s. the
             Goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Rowls 
                  




                
            .


                  Robert 
                  Rowls 
               



            . On the 29th of January
, I had brought half a Load of Hay, and half a Load of Straw to Mr Collet's; as I was going with it to the Stable, the Prisoner said, I can lead your Fore Horse; said I, Do you belong to Mr Collet? He said, yes; he followed Mr Collet's Son into the Stable, came running back directly, and said, You must go to the Stable to my Master, and I will give your Horses a Month full of Hay: Make Haste, said he, for he will be in a violent Passion. I staid about four or five Minutes, and when I came back, the bit of Hay which I gave him was flung down by the Shafts of the Cart, and he was gone; thinks I, surely he will not steal any Thing; I looked about and my Coat was gone: It was the lower End of Harrow-Alley, without Aldgate


; the Coat hung upon the Cops of the Cart; he was seen to take it by three or four Boys. I took him the fifth of this Month, at the End of Houndsditch; he proved very rustical with me, and bit my Hand to the Bone; he said he would be up with me, I had better let him alone, for he should see me another Time. I took him into the Magpye Tavern; before I took him in there, he said, Brother Waggoner, I will pay you for it, I will make it up with you: He said another Man stole the Coat, but they both went together to sell it; that the other Man sold it for two Shillings, and he had Six-pence of the Money. When he was going before my Lord-Mayor, he said, God Almighty bless you, Gentlemen, forgive me this Time, and I will never go about stealing Great-Coats any more.
Prisoner. I went to do my Occasions; another Man run away with the Coat, I went to run after him and could not find him.


                  Elias 
                  Collet 
               



            . On the 5th of this Month I was informed, that the Man was taken who stole the Waggoner's Great-Coat; I went to the Magpye Tavern, and asked him how he could be such a Villain to take the poor Fellow's Coat; and which I thought was worse, in biting him so, that he might be hindered from getting his Bread: He said, he did not steal the Coat, but another Man, and that he ran after the Man, and the Man sold it in Rag-Fair for 2 s. and he had 6 d. of the Money; afterwards he said, the Man dropped 6 d. upon the Ground; then he said it was upon a Stone, and then upon a Brick, and said, if we would forgive him he never would go a Coat-stealing with any Man any more.
Prisoner. I saw 6 d. lie upon the Ground and I took it up; I know nothing of the Great-Coat. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


