





326. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hargrave 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 3 s. in Money
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Haines 
                  




                
            , Widow
, July the 28th
.


                  Mary 
                  Skiram 
               



            . The Prisoner came into my Sister's House as I was giving Change at the Bar, and he ask'd me, if I could give him Change for a Guinea; he look'd over and pull'd out a Shilling, and said, here is a Queen Anne's Shilling; he puts his Hand into the Till and takes out 3 s. and throws one of them back. I said, he had taken some Money out of the Till, and he said, so I have, but 'tis a Queen Anne's Shilling; and he puts back the one Shilling, and went out with the two.


                  John 
                  Reed 
               



            . I was at the Gentlewoman's House drinking a Pennyworth of Beer, and the Gentlewoman was giving me Change for Six pence, and I saw the Prisoner's Hand in the Till, but what he took out I cannot tell; but he was apprehended afterwards, and he dropp'd a Shilling at the Corner of the Bar, that is all that I saw.


                  Edward 
                  Paynton 
               



            . I was in the House, and heard the young Woman say, Here is a Rogue has robb'd the Till. I said, What has he taken? Says she, he took three Shillings out, and he throw'd one back. I ran out after him, and said, I desire you would come back again, and answer for what you have done. I brought him back again, he had his Handkerchief in his Hand, and he said, What do you accuse me with? She said, You Villain, you have robb'd the Till. He said, Madam, you may have dropp'd it, and he dropp'd his Handkerchief down by the Bar side, and said, Madam, I have no other Money than what I wanted to change with you. He dropp'd his Handkerchief down and pick'd it up, and said, Madam, here is one Shilling.



               Guilty
            .
The Prisoner said, he had liv'd with one Mr Crawford. The Court told him, if he would appear at the Gaol Delivery, and give him a good Character, they might consider his Case, but Person appeared to his Character he was therefore order'd for 


               Transportation
            

