





289. 
               
                  
                     Anna Maria 
                     Leverstone 
                  , otherwise 
Jane Clark




            , was indicted for 


               stealing three Linnen Shirts, Value 18 s.
             &c. the 18th of June
 last, the Goods and Chattels of 
               
                  
                     Barnard 
                     Brograve 
                  




                
            .
Brograve. About the Beginning of June, I came up to London, and took Lodgings at Mr. Egleston's, Tobacconist in Fleet-Street; I pack'd up my Things in a Portmanteau to go in the Country: After I had been in the Country about three Weeks, I look'd for some of my Pocket Handkerchiefs, and I miss'd them; I miss'd three Shirts and five Handkerchiefs. When I miss'd my Shirts, I wrote to Mr. Egleston.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Anne 
                  Egleston 
               



            .) What have you to say concerning this Woman?
Egleston. Sir, the Prisoner was a Servant
 of mine about six Weeks; when I wanted a Servant, she came to me; I sent for a Character of her where she directed me. In the Time she was with me she took these three Shirts and five Handkerchiefs. When the Gentleman wrote to me, he said, if I could answer to the Maid's Character he would set down by the Loss. Her Master said she was a washing some Handkerchiefs; so she brought up a Handkerchief mark'd B. B. I told her (my Credit was at Stake as well as her's) and I desired she would be free and open, and let me know the whole; she told me, she had pawn'd the Shirts in Eagle-Street; she begg'd that I would let her have Money, and she would fetch them again; so we sent to the Pawnbroker's, and she had pawn'd them in the Name of Clark; she said her Husband used to pawn Things in the Name of Clark, and he had learn'd her the Way.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  George 
                  French 
               



            .) Are these the Shirts that were pawn'd to you?
French. Yes, Sir; they were pawn'd in the Name of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Clark 
               



            .
Q. Who had you these Shirts from?
French. The Prisoner, in the Name of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Clark 
               



            .
Q. How much did she pawn them for?
French. Two for twelve Shillings, and one for Six.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Have you any thing to say by way of Defence?
Prisoner. As I was packing up this Gentleman's Things (the Prosecutor's, ) his Brother came into the Room, and Mr. Brograve, the Prosecutor, told me to go out of the Room, said that he would pack up the Things himself, and in doing of it he left out these Things, and I thought I had as much a Right to them as my Mistress.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


