





196. + 
               
                  
                     Susanna 
                     Read 
                   , otherwise 
Jefferies




 of St. Andrew Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Robinson 
                        




                      
                  , about the hour of eight in the night, and stealing a cloth coat, value 15 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 5 s. two shirts, value 10 s. a pair of sheets, value 5 s. a blanket, value 2 s. a cloth cloak, value 5 s. a hat, value 2 s. five muslin hoods, value 5 s. two tablecloths, value 3 s. two dimitty waistcoats, value 5 s. three napkins, value 3 s. four cambrick handkerchiefs, value 5 s. four caps, value 4 s. and two pair of sleeves, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Robinson 
               



            , March 15
.


                  Henry 
                  Robinson 
               



            . This 
               
                  Susanna Read 
                  Elius 
               



            .
Q. Why do you call her Elius?
Robinson. Because she went by two names .
Q. Give an account of the breaking open your house?
Robinson. I will, and I will speak very honestly. I rent ten pound a year in Leicester-Street


; on the 15th of March I went out about five o'clock, and when I came home about eight, or three quarters after seven, I found my house broke open, and all these goods gone: before she could come to these goods, she was obliged to break open the front-door , and then another door and a box.
Q. Who did you leave in the house?
Robinson. 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Adams 
               



            ; I delivered the key to him, and left him to take care of the house, and ordered him, if he went out, to leave the key for me at a neighbour's next door, and I found it where I ordered him to leave it - the front door was broke open, and after the prisoner got into the house, she bolted herself in, so that I could not get in, and I was obliged to go to Mr. Dorrington, a bricklayer, as I am, to borrow a ladder; and when I got in, I found the door barred on the inside.
Jury. Was the staple of the lock of the fore-door drawn, or the bolt of the lock bent?
Robinson. The staple was forced so that it gave way.
Q. Did you find any body in the house?
Robinson. I found no body in the house at all, only myself - I found the things at Mrs. Smith's at Cow-Cross.
- Smith, I keep a chandler's shop, the Prisoner car. to my house with a bundle - I believe about a month ago, and asked for a halfpenny-worth of small beer, and sat down and drank it, 
               
                  William 
                  Thomas 
               



             came in and said to her, You bitch you have robbed such an one of these things.
Q. Were the things in that blanket the things that she brought to your house?
Smith. I cannot say that, the bundle is altered, it was in a white sheet then - I can't swear to the bundle.


                  William 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I went into Smith's house, and saw the Prisoner there with a bundle, I said to her, You bitch these things belong to Mr. Robinson.
Q. What reason had you to think they were Robinson's goods?
Thomas. Because I saw Robinson's wife's cloak upon her back, and I know the cloak.
Jury. Are you a neighbour?
Thomas. We live overagainst one another.


                  Henry 
                  Robinson 
               



            . These are my things.
Q. to Smith. Was the bundle opened before Thomas?
Smith. Yes it was - I believe 'tis the same bundle, but I did not take notice of every particular thing, so I cannot be positive.
Q. Did she bring any other bundle?
Smith. No.
Thomas . These are the things, I know several of them, and this is the cloak she had upon her back, I have seen it many a time upon Robinson's wife's back.
Q. Where is Robinson's wife?
Thomas. She is lately dead.
Prisoner. You are a bailiff's follower and a thief taker, you don't care whose life you take away.
Jury. What trade are you?
Thomas. I am a Joiner by trade [Thomas said to the Prisoner, you ought to have been hanged before now, for robbing a man of his watch.]


                  Isaac 
                  Adams 
               



            . I am a lodger in Robinson's house , when he went out he left the key with me. I went out about half an hour after six, and left the key where he ordered me, and when I came home about a quarter after eight, I could not get in, I knocked at the door, but nobody answered: when Robinson found his things were gone, he said to me, D - n you, you have robbed me, and asked me how I could serve him so, and said he would get a warrant for me: there was a young girl over the way, who said she had seen the Prisoner very often push against the door and open it, and then lie down upon the stairs, and that some times after Mr. Robinson was gone to work, she would go to bed to his daughter.
Prisoner. I lived servant with Mr. Mills in Liquorpond-street , and was acquainted with Robinson's daughter, and have pawned many a thing for her.
Q. How came you by the things in that bundle?
Prisoner. Robinson's daughter gave them me to pawn, and she is gone out of the way, so I suffer for all.
Jury to Robinson. Where does your daughter live?
Robinson. She is at service; I can't tell where.
Q. Had she any key to the house?

Robinson. She had no key nor could she get into the house.
Jury. Your daughter and the Prisoner were acquainted, were they not?
Robinson. I cannot say whether they were or not.
Jury. Do you know the Prisoner?
Robinson. She was once in my house, and I kicked her out of doors, because I knew her to be a vile creature. 


               Acquitted of the burglary, guilty of the felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


