





190. *
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Clarke 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing three Cart-Wheels, with Iron Streaks, val. 30 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sims 
                  




                
            , December 7
.
 * N. B. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Clarke 
               



             was try'd the last Sessions for breaking the House of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Laycock 
               



            , in the Night, and stealing a Quantity of Plate and other Things. See the Trial, No. 152.


                  William 
                  Simms 
               



            . I am a Wheelwright
. In the Night between the Sixth and the Seventh of December, I lost three Cart-Wheels, they were found upon the Prisoner's Premises, in a Stable belonging to him; - he lives in a Place called Bagnell's-Marsh, by Black-Mary's-Hole: I am sure they are mine; I went into his House; my Man was along with me, and he called for a Pint of Beer; I saw some Wood burning on the Fire, and asked him, where he got that Wood? he said, he would not tell me; I told him, I would make him tell me; I went into the Stable and found two of my Wheels knocked to Pieces, and the third laid down ready to be broke; they were old Wheels - one was my own, and the other two were left in my Custody, so that I was obliged to make them good - I do not know whether they were marked or not.


                  William 
                  Grub 
               



            . My Master having lost some Wheels, he desired I would go along with him to see if we could track the Wheels; we tracked them to the Prisoner's Yard, and my Master bid me go forward; I went in and called for a Pint of Two-penny; the Prisoner opened the Door, and there was a Couple of the Spokes of the Wheels upon the Fire; my Master asked him where he got the Wood, and threatened to take him up; he would not tell him, and said, he did not value Mr Sims, and that no Body should take him without a Constable. I said, Mr Clarke, as you are one of the Trade, I would not have you be a Scandal to the Trade: I saw the Iron Streakes of the Wheels which were knocked to Pieces, and there were Marks upon the Streakes which my Master could swear to.
Q. How do you know these Streakes belonged to your Master?
Grub. I am positive they were my Master's Wheels, I will take my Oath of it before your Lordship - one belongs to my Master, and the others belongs to another Person, a Hog-Butcher, (calling him by his Name) you have heard of him my Lord.
Jury. I should be glad to know where these Wheels were when they were taken away?
Grub. They were in my Master's Back-Yard, in Gray's-Inn Lane


, it lies next the Fields: - We were guided by the Tracks of the Wheels to the Prisoner's House; I saw the Tracks of all the three Wheels.
Sims. I saw the Tracks from my very Gate, all the Way, to the Prisoner's Yard. - They stood close to the Gate in my Yard.
Prisoner. Mine is an open Yard, I have no Fence, any Body might bring them there.
Sims. The Stable they were in opens to this open Yard; I do not know whether it was locked or open.
Prisoner. My Son did put something upon the Fire, but I do not know any Thing how he came by it.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Why did not you prosecute him sooner?
Sims. I got a Warrant to take him up, but I could not light of him; here is a Letter which he sent to me desiring me to be favourable; he confessed the taking of the Wheels before the Justice, and said, he hoped I would be merciful to him and have Compassion on his Children. -
Grub. I was not before the Justice, I did not hear him mention whether he took them or no.
Prisoner. I do not know that I said any such Thing, if I did I was suddled; I had a Friend came to me, and they had given me a little Drink, and that is a Thing I do not accustom myself to.
The Prisoner's Maid. I am a hired Servant to the Prisoner, I have 50 s. a Year; he was taken ill that Night and went to Bed before it was dark - that very Night the Wheels were brought into the Yard.
Q. How came you to remember it was the Night when the Wheels were brought there?
The Maid. Because they were taken away the next Day - my Master did not continue in Bed all the next Day, he got up about Nine o'Clock in the Morning.
Q. Could he have got out of Bed and have gone out in the Night without your knowing of it.
The Maid. One of the Children was sick with him, and I sat up all Night with him and his Child - that very Night before Mr Sims came and found the Wheels in the Yard - I never saw the Wheels; the Prisoner has seven small Children.



                  Thomas 
                  Stubbs 
               



            . The Prosecutor says one Thing, and the Servant another; I think the Prosecutor is a Man that is not fit to be trusted; I have known the Prisoner several Years, and he always was a very honest Man.
Sims. I missed the Wheels about Eight or Nine in the Morning, that Girl was Mistress of the House then, the good Woman of the House was not at home, she was gone from him with a little Child; I believe she can very well tell whether he was up all Night or no. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


