





274. + 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Shirley 
                  *, otherwise 
Catharine Davis




            , of All-hallows Honey Lane


, was indicted for 


               stealing two yards three quarters of striped cotton, value 5 s. 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Matth.ew 
                           Wealy 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Rush 
                        



                      
                  , in their shop
            , April 23
.
* She was tried in July Sessions in the Mayoralty of 
               
                  George 
                  Heathcote 
               



            , Esq; by the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Shirley 
               



            , for stealing a remnant of linen in the shop of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Setcole 
               



            , and acquitted. Trial 21. p 6.
She was also tried in September Session, in the same Mayoralty, by the name of 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Davis 
               



            , for stealing a piece of lace in the shop of 
               
                  William 
                  Coverley 
               



             (and convicted for transportation.) Trial 89. p. 34.
The Prisoner begged the Court to give her what punishment they pleased, and not transport her; for she would rather be hanged than transported again.


                  Matthew 
                  Wealy 
               



            . On the 23d of April the Prisoner came into my shop to buy two yards and an half of printed cotton; we did not agree, and I did not sell her any; there were several remnants upon the counter, which I had been shewing to a customer before. After she was gone out of the shop, Mr. Wiseham, a Linen Draper in the Poultry came and asked me if I had lost any thing out of the shop. I told him, I could not tell presently. He said, I believe you have had a shoplifter in your shop. After he was gone, I missed something. Mr. Wiseham came some time afterwards and brought me this remnant of printed cotton, which I had in the shop about a quarter of an hour before. I went directly to the Compter with Mr. Wiseham, and the Prisoner was there.
Prisoner. Ask him how he knows he had it a quarter of an hour before?
Wealy. Because I had shewed it to another customer.


                  Catharine 
                  Horabin 
               



            . The Prisoner came into the Poultry Counter, to speak to C aptain Saunders. I was called to go with her into the back yard, and she dropped a bundle in the yard; she took it up, and desired me to put it backward into the cupboard (I don't know what was in the bundle) and I locked it up in the cupboard.
Q. Who took it out of the cupboard?
Horabin. I don't know, for my servant came to me for the key, and I gave it her.


                  Thomas 
                  Wiseham 
               



            . On Monday the 23d of April, about four or five in the afternoon, as I was standing at my door, a person came to me, and said, there's one of the most notorious Shop-lifters in the Counter as ever was. Said I, I have lost a piece of calico this day, perhaps I may know the person. I went and looked at her, and she did not appear to be the person who was in my shop that day; I went back to my shop, and the person who told me she was a shop-lifter, said, she is gone into the Wheat-sheaf in Cheapside. I said, if she is so good a hand, may be she may make something; I went to that shop, and as I got there, she came out; I went into the shop, and asked Mr. Wealy whether he had lost any thing, for I was told, the woman was a notorious shop-lifter, and had lately returned from transportation. He said, he did not miss any thing; then I went to the Counter again afterwards, and the master of the Counter told me, if I would look into the cupboard, I might perhaps find my goods. The cupboard was opened, and I took this remnant of cotton out of the cupboard. I knew by the mark that it was Mr. Wealy's; so I went to him and asked him if he knew any thing of this, and he said, it is mine.
Q. How had you the key of the cupboard?
Wiseham. The maid servant had the key, and she opened the cupboard - Her name is 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Smith 
               



            .
Q. to 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Horabin 
               



            . Did you lock the cupboard door presently?
Horabin. I did not lock it immediately; it was open some time, and the servant had the key, to take the liquors out; I was out of the room several times - I keep the tap on the master side of the Counter.
Q. Could not your servants come to that cupboard when they please?
Horabin. Yes, my servant may. - I have but one servant.
Q to Wealy. Was not there another woman in the shop after the Prisoner?
Wealy. There was another woman in the shop after the Prisoner, but she went the other way; the Prisoner went one way, and she went the other; and if the other woman had gone the same way, she was not gone long enough to get to the Counter when Mr Wiseham brought me the cotton.
Q How came you not to look over the goods as soon as the Prisoner went out of the shop?
Wealy. Because I had not time till the other woman was gone - She bought four yards of painted cotton. 


               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


