





1. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cawdell 
                  



               
             , of St. Mary Magdalen, Milk-Street


 , was indicted for 


               stealing 25 Yards and half of Mantua Silk, 25 Yards of Silver Ducape, 20 Yards of Cloth colour'd Ducape, 28 Yards of Black Callimancoe, 42 Yards of fine Brown Stuff, 28 Yards of flower'd Worsted Damask, 25 Yards of Green half Ell Mantua , 20 Yards of washed Garlix
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Ravenhill 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barker 
                  



                
            , Nov. 3
.
Mr. Barker. On the 4th of Nov. I saw three Pieces of Goods which I believe to be mine, at Mr. Hook's a Mercer in St. Martins le-Grand ; I desired to know how he came by them, and he inform'd me he had them from Elliot, who had been his Neighbour. The next Morning I was sent for to the Baptist's-Head in Milk-street, where Elliot own'd that he bought the Goods of the Prisoner. The Prisoner had serv'd us as a Porter, and when he was taken, he confessed that he had robb'd us of all the Goods mention'd in the Indictment, and directed us to go to his House for the 20 Yards of Garlix, which we found accordingly.
Mr. Ravenhill. I saw three Pieces, a black Callimancoe, a brown Stuff, and a wash'd Garlix, at Mr. Hook's, which I knew to be mine. The Prisoner acknowledg'd the Fact, and told us where the Garlix might be found.


                  Henry 
                  Hook 
               



            . Elliot brought a Piece of blue Mantua to my House, and as he was a Neighbour I bought it of him; he afterwards brought some Silver Ducape, and ask'd me 4 s. a Yard for it, I then had a Suspicion of it, for I knew that most of the Trade gave more, but I bought that likewise, and then sent for the Person who makes these Goods, and by his Means I found out the Prosecutors: I desir'd Elliot, that I might better fix the Thing, to bring me more Goods, he did so, and among them this Callimancoe, and the brown Stuff, which Mr. Barker believed to be his. When Elliot was asked about these Goods, he owned that he bought them of the Prisoner.


                  Francis 
                  Elliot 
               



            . I bought Goods of the Prisoner, paid him for them in my Ware-house, and afterwards sold them to Mr. Hook. I can't swear that these are the same, for they are not in the same Condition as when I saw them, but they are like what I bought of the Prisoner.


                  Joseph 
                  Clarke 
               



            . I bought some Goods of Elliot, and gave him a Market Price for them. He was a Neighbour, and bore a good Character, otherwise I should not have bought them. I can't tell what Business he follows, he keeps a sort of a Warehouse for Linnen I believe.
Mr. Sawbridge. I was at the Baptist's-Head with the Prosecutors, Hook and Elliot; the Prisoner was sent for, and acknowledg'd that he had sold these Goods to Elliot, and that he had robb'd his Master ever since 1739. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


