





190. + 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ward 
                  



               
            , of St. Michael Cornhill


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Hunt 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , March 27
.


                  Daniel 
                  Hunt 
               



            . On the 27th of March I went to see the ruins of the fire, and I had my pocket picked of a silk mourning handkerchief.
Q. Where was your handkerchief?
Hunt. In my coat pocket.

Q. Who took it from you?
Hunt. It was found upon the Prisoner, 
               
                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            , wiping his face with it.
Q. How do you know that?
Hunt. Mr. Lawson saw him take it out of my pocket. I am sure I had this handkerchief in my pocket.


                  Thomas 
                  Lawson 
               



            . On the 27th of March, about half an hour after twelve at noon, I was coming by the Exchange, and the Prisoner came pretty close by my side, and I missed my handkerchief out of my pocket; Mr. Hunt passed the Prisoner just by Finch-Lane, and I saw him take that handkerchief out of Mr. Hunt's pocket; I took him by the collar, and Mr. Hunt came and took the handkerchief out of his hand; said I, you rascal, I believe you have got mine, and I pulled a bundle out of his pocket; there were some firemen came up, and they hurried him into Mr. Butler's, a linendraper, at the Golden Key, and there were five handkerchiefs in the bundle; Mr. Butler asked him how he came by them, he said he bought them in Rag-Fair; Mr. Butler unbuttoned his coat, and out dropped my handkerchief from the breast of his coat.
Prisoner. Where was this done?
Lawson. Just by Finch-Lane; I was behind you about a yard when you took Mr. Hunt's handkerchief.
Q. How do you know he took your handkerchief?
Lawson. It was found upon him, and I had it close in my pocket, that I could hardly get it out myself.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


