





135. 
               
                  John 
                  Brown , otherwise 
Stanley




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one Silk Handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan
                      Moreton Pleydell
                  




               
             , Esq
; the 12th of May
.
Q. to Mr. Pleydell. What have you to alledge against the Prisoner at the Bar?
Pleydell . What I have to alledge against the Prisoner is, the picking of my Pocket on the 12th of May last in the Strand, between the Hours of five and six in the Afternoon. When he had pick'd my Pocket I saw him cross the Street in a suspicious Manner.
Q. Whereabouts was it?
Pleydell . It was opposite St Clement's Churchyard


 . I felt a kind of Weight at my Pocket, and I found my Handkerchief lost.
Court. You did not see him take it?
Pleydell . I did not see him take it; Upon finding it gone, a Gentleman, one Mr Travers , and I, immediately followed him; he walk'd pretty slow ; when he perceiv'd we were near him he began to run; he run towards the Church.
Q. What did Mr Travers do then?
Pleydell . We took him by the Church.
Q. Are you sure that Handkerchief is your's?
Pleydell . Yes, Sir, it is mark'd with J. P.
Q. What did he say when you took the Handkerchief upon him?
Pleydell . He begg'd our Pardon; and said, it was the first Fault that he committed.
Court to the Prisoner. The Gentleman swears you took the Handkerchief out of his Pocket.
Prisoner. Ask him if he saw me.
Court. He says, he did not see you take it.
Prisoner. They knock'd me down with their Sticks.
Pleydell . He made his Escape, and we were running a-cross the Church-yard the second Time.
Q. Did you knock him down the first Time?
Pleydell . The second Time we knock'd him down.
- Travers. I was present with Mr Pleydell when this thing happen'd.
Q. When was this?
Travers . On the 12th of May. We had been at Dinner at the Crown and Anchor, and was going from thence to the Coffee-house. Mr Pleydell informed me, that he believed the Prisoner pick'd his Pocket of his Handkerchief. I saw the Man cross the Way; he was walking softly down the Church-yard, with that Mr Pleydell and I cross'd the Way, and went to the Church-yard and seiz'd him, and asked him, What he had done with the Handkerchief? I took him by the Collar, and I believe I struck him with my Stick: I did not strike him down, but he fell upon his Knees and begged that we would forgive him, for it was the first Crime he had ever been guilty of, of that kind; then I saw Mr Pleydell take that very Handkerchief from under his right Arm. Then he ran away.
Q. How far did he go?
Travers . He ran up the Church-yard, and went to the Back-side of St Clement's. There was a Gentleman in our Company that is not here, he is in the Country; so we put the Prisoner into a Coach, and carried him before Justice Burdus .
Court to the Prisoner. Have you any thing to say; or any Witnesses?
Prisoner. My Witnesses did not expect my Trial to have come on.



               Guilty
            .
[The Prisoner last Sessions was admitted an Evidence against Thomas Lane and William Clark, for stealing Hats from one Haffenden in Curfitorsstreet ; but as this Fellow was an Accomplice they were acquitted *.]
 See Sessions Paper, Numb. IV. Part II. Trial 214 .
[This same Brown (a Fellow with one Arm) was likewise an Accomplice with 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Cobb 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Ryley 
               



            , in stealing two Gallon Pewter Pots, from one Mr Freeman; and was then admitted an Evidence *.
* See Sessions Paper, Numb. IV. Part II. Trial 217.




[Transportation. See summary.]


