






71. + 
               
                  George 
                  Knight 
               



            , of London, labourer
, was indicted for 


               stealing nine yards three quarters of broad cloth, value 3 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wilson 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Davis 
                     



, December 31

.


                  Geo 
                  Davis 
               



            . I hired the Prisoner as a weekly boy to run of errands
, and on Dec. 31. I found out that I had lost nine yards three quarters of broad cloth, the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Wilson 
               



            .
Q. What made you suspect the Prisoner?
Davis. Because he was an idle boy, and always given to gaming. I found three yards and three quarters of it at one Mr. Granger's, a pawnbroker on Puddle-Dock Hill. This is part of the nine yards three quarters that I lost, and the boy confessed, that he took it out of the middle room in my dwelling-house.
Prisoner. My master's man told me, if I would tell the truth, my master would not hurt a hair of my head.
Davis. I never made him any promise, nor never threatened him.


                  Sarah 
                  Murfin 
               



             . The Prisoner gave me this piece of cloth to pawn for a friend of his .
Q. Did you know the boy before?
Murfin . I have known him two or three years.
Q. What did you do with the cloth?
Murfin . I carried it to Mr. Granger's, a pawnbroker.
Q. What did you pawn it for?
Murfin . For six shillings.
Q. Who did you give the money to?
Murfin . To the boy.
Q. What is the value of the cloth you have produced?
Davis. There are three yards three quarters, at 7 s. 3 d. a yard.

Pris. She said if I would bring her some cloth, she would pawn it for me.




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not guilty of stealing them in the dwelling-house
            .
+ George Knight was a second time indicted for 


               stealing eight yards of broad cloth, value 3 l. and thirty yards of stuff, commonly called long ells, value 28 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Taverner 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        - 
                        Ward 
                     



.


                  Joseph 
                  Taverner 
               



             . I am a cloth-worker
; I lost about eight yards of broad cloth, and several yards of long ells.
Q. What reason have you to think the Prisoner guilty?
Taverner. Because he confessed the fact; these four yards three quarters I found, which are my property.
Q. Where did you find that cloth?
Taverner. At Ward's, a Barber's house, where Murfin lodges.
Q. How do you know that to be your cloth?
Taverner. By the farrel; it is the head end.
Q. Is there any mark upon it?
Taverner. No, there is no particular mark; but there are some white spots upon it which I know it by.
Jury. There may be a great many pieces that may have white spots upon them.
Taverner. I am sure it is my cloth.


                  Daniel 
                  Hodges 
               



            . I took this cloth out of Mrs. Wood's room in Mr. Ward's house, and Mr. Taverner said it was his. I had the key of the drawers, and opened them .
Q. How came you by the key?
Hodges. Mrs. Murfin brought up the key.
Prisoner. Ward's wife desired me to get this cloth for her.
Taverner. The boy owned he carried these goods to Mr. Ward's house.
Q. Was Ward himself by?
Taverner. The boy said sometimes he was and sometimes she was, and that sometimes he had a penny and sometimes two pence.


                  George 
                  Dunn 
               



            , Constable. This cloth was delivered to me in the same condition it is now. I told Murfin I would have the drawers opened, and she went down and brought up the key. Mr. Hodges took it out of the drawer, and said it was his master's.




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


