





86. + 
               
                  
                     Paul 
                     Kyte 
                  



               
            , of St Anne Blackfryars


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver 3 pint Tankard, val. 6 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Barnes 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling-House
            , December 15
.
Thomas Barnes. On Saturday the 15th of December, about 11 o'Clock at Night the Prisoner came into my House, and called for a Pint of Beer. He sat in the Fore-Room, but he came once or twice into the Kitchen, where Company were drinking out of this three pint Tankard. I saw the Prisoner in the Kitchen myself, but I was called up Stairs to take a Reckoning, and when I came down, the Company were all gone out of the Kitchen, except the Prisoner, and one other Person. The Prisoner threw down three Halfpence for his Pint of Beer; wished me a good Night, and went out. I am positive the Tankard was in the Kitchen when I went up Stairs; and after the Prisoner was gone, I miss'd it, and enquired after it; and suspecting him, I went to his Lodging, but could not find him: so I advertis'd it, and on the Tuesday following Mr Nichols near Aldgate, sent for me; I went to him, and found the Body of my Tankard; the Prisoner was in Mr Nichols's Back-Parlour, and seeing the Tankard without the Handle, I asked him what was become of that? He pulled it our of his Pocket, and gave it to me directly. This is the Tankard, and this the Handle, and it has my Mark upon it. I told the Prisoner I was sorry he should be guilty of such an Action; and he fell down on his Knees and asked Forgiveness of me, before Mr Nichols.
Mr Nichols. The Tankard having been advertised on Monday and Tuesday, and the Prisoner coming to my Shop on Tuesday to offer the Body of the Tankard to Sale, I asked him how he came by it? He bought it (he said) of one he knew very well. I told him, he had best find out the Person he bought it of, else he would come into Trouble. I asked him, what he gave for it? He said, it cost him 20 Shillings. That's worse and worse, said I; for if you buy Things, and don't give the full Value, you will suffer on that Account. He appeared at that Time very genteel; he was well dressed, in a powdered Wig, and white Stockings; but I kept him in my Back-Room, till I sent for Mr Barnes: he owned it, and the Prisoner was detained in the Counter that Night. The next Morning Mr Alderman Westley committed him. He told Mr Barnes he was sorry for what he had done; he hoped he would forgive him, and pulled the Handle of the Tankard out of his Pocket, and gave it to him. This is the Tankard, and this the Handle; they are worth about 6 l.




               Guilty of the Felony, but acquitted of the stealing out of the Dwelling-House
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


