





+ 50 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Judlon 
                  



               
            , of St. Dunstan's in the West


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard, value 50 s. the Property of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        West 
                     



                   , in his Dwelling-House
            , Nov. 27
.


                  Henry 
                  West 
               



            . I keep a Publick House, the Blue Boar in Fleet-street


; the Prisoner was my Servant
, I lost a Silver Quart Tankard out of my House, Oct. 5. On the 27th of October Mr. Quillet brought to

my House part of the Handle which had the Letters upon it; the Prisoner was then in my House - he had advertised that he had stopped such a Thing; I sent my Man, and he thought it was mine by the Letters, and desired Mr. Quillet to bring it to my House; when he came, I ordered the Prisoner to be showed to him, and he said she was the Person that brought it to him to sell, and she confessed it immediately - She owned she was persuaded to it by one Bathia Dykes ; the Letters are I C A, which are the Names of the Persons who kept the House before me.


                  Stephen 
                  Quillet 
               



             . On the 21st of Octob. the Prisoner at the bar came to my Shop, and asked me if I would buy some Pieces of Silver; I said, young Woman, how came you by this? she said she found it in Watling-street crossing the Way; I asked her Name, and who she lived with; she told me her Name was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jones 
               



            , and that she lived with one Mrs. Cares, a Washerwoman, by the green Walk in Christ Church, Southwark ; it was then almost dark; said I, young Woman, it is too late to enquire into your Character now, if you will bring your Mistress to Morrow, and I like your Character, I will either buy it, or return it to you again; she said it was very well, and away she went; when I found she did not come I advertised it; Mr. West's Man came to me the next Day, and said his Master had lost a Silver Tankard; I asked him the Letters, and they were the same as have been mentioned by Mr. West; I asked him who he suspected to have stole it; he said he suspected the Maid, but his Master suspected him; I asked him where the Maid was; he said the Maid was gone; when he went home, he said he had brought some Body that would clear up the Accusation that was against him; said I to his Mistress, does the Maid live with you that lived with you some time ago; she said, yes; and then she was called down, and I said, that was the Person - I am sure she is the Person, she had a paler Colour when she came to me, than she has now; and when she was called down, she had a red Colour.


                  Stephen 
                  Raine 
               



             . The Prisoner confessed at Mr. West's , that she stole the Tankard, conveyed it up Stairs into the Kitchen, kept it four Days behind a Pewter Dish upon the Shelf, and then carried it to Bathia Dykes on the other Side of the Water, and she broke it to Pieces. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


