





478. 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Greenaway 
                  



               
            , of St Mary le Bone


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of Linnen Sheets, the Goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sandwich 
                     



                  ; a pair of Stays, a Camlet Gown, and a quilted Petticoat
            , the Goods of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Goodwin 
               




             , Aug . 6
.
Mrs Sandwich. The Prisoner came to lodge at my House, in Oxford-Road


, the 6th of August last, and the same Day the Door of the 2 pair of Stairs Room was broke open, the Sheets, and the Maid's Clothes were stole. I suspected the Prisoner, because she was not at Home all Night, but she denied that she knew any Thing of the Matter, and said she would carry me to the place where she was all Night. She took me as far as Oxford-Chapel, and then ran away, and it was 3 Weeks before I saw her again. She was taken at a House in Brown's Gardens, and there she confessed that she had pawned them in the Name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wood 
               



            , for 14 s. at the corner of Lombard-Court, near the Seven Dials.

Ann Goodwin . She took a pair of Sheets from the Bed where I lay, and a Gown, a Petticoat, and a pair of Stays, which were mine; she confessed the taking them when she was before the Justice, and in Brown's Gardens.
Prisoner. I did not take the Things, but Wood did, and they came about me so much, that I was forced to own it.


                  John 
                  Simmonds 
               



            . This Gown, Petticoat, and the other Things, were brought to my House to pawn, and, to the best of Knowledge, the Prisoner is the Person who brought them. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


