





76. + 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Dyall 
                  



               
             , of St. Mary Lestrand


, was indicted for 


               stealing one piece of foreign silver coin, called a French crown, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Acton 
                        




                      
                  , clerk, privately from his person
            , Dec. 18
.


                  Edward 
                  Acton 
               



            . On the 18th of December, about eleven o'clock at night, I was going along the Strand, and went into Eagle-Court


 to make water; the Prisoner came up to me and run her hand into my breeches; she said I should go home with her, and she would shew me all the postures I pleased; I said I was the wrong person for her, and desired her to be gone. She came up to me again, and run away directly: I thought I felt her hand in my pocket, I put my hand into my pocket to know whether I had lost any thing, and I missed this piece of silver in particular; she then got in between three men, but I took hold of her, and carried her into a publick house. I must needs say I run a great risque in so doing. There were some watchmen there, but they pretended not to be watchmen; and in the publick house she pulled down her stocking, and took the money out of her stocking and gave it to me. This is the piece
Q. Did you miss this piece before you pursued her?
Acton . Yes.
Q. And can you swear this piece was in your pocket when she came up to you?
Acton . Yes.
Q. And this you had from her?
Acton. Yes; I can swear to it out of twenty thousand.


                  Ralph 
                  Raynoe 
               



             , Watchman. About a quarter after eleven there was watch called, and I found the Prisoner had been in a publick house with the Prosecutor and another watchman; the Prosecutor desired to have his French piece again, and told her she had taken more money out of his pocket, but if she would let him have that again, what other money she had she should be very welcome to; she then put her hand into her stocking which was upon her right leg, took out the crown piece, and gave it him.


                  Acton 
                  She 
               



             picked more money out of my pocket, but as I could not tell what it was, I did not indict her for it.
Prisoner. I was going along with my oisters about ten o'clock, and that gentleman called to me, and asked me how I sold them; I said some four and some five a penny; he asked me whether I would eat one, and I did; he shewed me the broad piece, and we went into a publick house in Eagle-Court; he pulled out the money, and laid it upon the table, and two or three watchmen coming in, he charged me with robbing him.
Acton. I did not see that she had any oisters.
Prisoner. Oh! fye, Sir. Lord have mercy upon me, how can you say so?




               Guilty, 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


