





193. 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Chapman 
                  



               
             , of St. George the Martyr


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tankard , value 5 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Burgess 
                  




                
            , March 14th
.


                  Jane 
                  Burgess 
               



             . I lost a silver tankard the 13th of March, and on the 14th it was brought to my house . I don't know that the Prisoner took it.
Mr. Sellon . I keep a goldsmith's shop in the Borough of Southwark. On the 14th of March last, the Prisoner came to buy a pair of silver buckles , and asked me, if I would take silver in exchange , and pulled out this piece of a tankard [ The body of the tankard was produced without lid or bottom. ] This appearing so very suspicious, I asked him his name, where he lived, and how he came by it ; he said, he bought it of a man for two guinea and an half. I sent for a constable, and carried him before Justice Lacey, who committed him for further examination, because he would not confess any thing: but when he was in goal, he sent to his brother and he brought Mrs. Burgess, and she owned the tankard.


                  Jane 
                  Burgess 
               



            . I am sure this is my tankard .


                  Edward 
                  Wheatly 
               



             (constable.) I carried the Prisoner before Justice Lacey, the Prisoner directed me to his brother, who lived in Queen's Square; I found him out, to the fellow's great surprise, when I told him my business. He carried me to Mrs. Burgess's at the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Beer 
               



             in Devonshire-street . I was saying there, that I had taken a person who had stole a silver tankard; she said, she had lost one. I saw a tankard there wrote round the bottom as this is: when I came back, I searched the Prisoner, and found in his pocket the bottom of a tankard wrapped up in his handkerchief, which appeared to be cut out. I asked him whether he cut it out himself; he said yes, and that he cut it out of this tankard , and he said he took it out of Mrs. Burgess's house, where he lodged.
Justice Lacey's clerk proved that he took the prisoner's information in writing, and that he signed it voluntarily.
The confession was read, where in he says, that he did feloniously take out of the house of Mrs. Burgess a quart silver tankard, and offered it to sale to Messrs . 
               
                  William 
                  Wright 
               



             and Humphry Sellon silversmiths in the Borough of Southwark.
Prisoner. I was in liquor when I signed it.
Mr. Sellon . I believe he rather wanted a little liquor, than that he had too much of it, for he seemed to be very sober. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


