





412. 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Glynn 
                  



               
            , of St Botolph Aldgate


, was indicted for 


               stealing 21 Yards three Quarters of Woollen Cloth, value 15 l. 15 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Sarney 
                  



                
            , and 
               



            .


                  William 
                  Miller 
               



            . The Cloth was taken out of the Shop of Messrs. Sarney and Chitty, Woollen-drapers

 in Cornhill


, on Tuesday the second of August
; on Thursday it was advertised; in the Evening of that Day, Mr Richardson of Rosemary-Lane, sent to acquaint us, that he believed some Part of that Cloth was in his Possession. Saturday following the Prisoner was taken up, Mr Richardson and I went and swore to the Cloth: Mr Richardson charged the Prisoner with the bringing the Cloth to him; the Prisoner said he bought it at Dartford in Kent, and that he gave 9 s. a Yard for it; but what Sum of Money he paid he could not tell.
Prisoner. I do not know how he can swear to that Cloth, when there is no Mark upon it.
Miller. I can positively swear to the Cloth by a Couple of Slips I cut off, and compared with the Cloth.


                  William 
                  Richardson 
               



            . On the second of August, Mrs Ryley came to my Shop, and offered me seven Yards of Cloth to sell, I agreed with her for 10 s. a Yard, and then I wanted to know whether it was her Property; she said it was not; she sent me to the Barley-Mow in - Street, Goodman fields, and there was the Prisoner, who said it was his Property. I asked the Landlord, whether he knew any Thing of the Man or the Woman; he said he believed they were honest People, and we might venture to buy it. After I had paid him for that, the Prisoner said he had another Remnant; Mrs Ryley went and fetched it, that was 15 Yards and a Half, and the Prisoner was secured. I am sure that is the Cloth I bought of Mrs Ryley.


                  Abigail 
                  Ryley 
               



            . I sell Stockings about Town, and have sold the Prisoner Stockings several Times; going into the Alehouse I saw the Prisoner, he said he had this Cloth to sell; he asked me if I could help him to a Customer: I carried it to Mr Richardson, and asked him 15 s. per Yard: he said he liked the Cloth, and would give me 10 s. but no more. Mr Richardson bought it and paid for it, and the Prisoner paid me for some Stockings which he bought of me.
The Prisoner in his Defence said, he bought the Cloth at the Bull Inn, at Dartford in Kent, and gave a pretended Description of the Person he bought it of.
One of the Jury said the House (the Bull ) had been shut up this Twelve Months. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


