





89. 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Grant 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing from 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Leugan 
                        




                      
                  , a Silk Handkerchief, value 5 s. and five Pieces of Gold, out of the dwelling-House of 
                     
                        Anne 
                        Austen 
                     



, Widow.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Interpreter) Ask him whether he knows the Prisoner at the Bar?
Interpreter. Yes.
Q. Ask him whether the Prisoner at the Bar took any Money from him?
Interpreter. Yes.
Q. When?
Interpreter. The same Day the other Black lost his; about a Month and a half ago.
Q. Where did he meet the Prisoner at the Bar?
Interpreter. In Whitechapel.
Q. When he went to the Widow Austen's House , ask him whether he was not in Bed with the Prisoner?
Interpreter. Yes. About Ten o'Clock the Woman wak'd to get him a Pot of Beer. And when she had call'd for some, he afterwards went to look for his Breeches, but could not find them. There were two Women and they both run away.
Q. Were there two Women in Bed with him?
Interpreter. No, One of them was in Bed with another Man.
Q. Did he carry her before the Justice?
Interpreter. Yes. She was charg'd with the Constable and carry'd before Justice Quarril next Day.
Q. Was there any Examination of her?
Interpreter. Yes.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Will you ask this Man any Questions? He says, that you and he went to Bed together; and he missed his Breeches, and you and the other Woman run away. That is the Substance of what he says against you.
Prisoner. Please you my Lord, to ask him whether there was not another Woman in Bed with him?
Interpreter. No.
Thackhouse, the Constable. The 10th of January, my Lord, about Ten o'Clock, this Person, the Black, was beating the Prisoner at the Bar. - Said, she had robb'd him of 5 l. 14 s. - The Watchman brought her to the Watch-House, - I took Charge of her. - He insisted on some of the Money, which he was positive she had. - Upon that she was search'd, and I took two Guineas from her. - The Prosecutor told the Justice he had lost five Guineas; two Guineas were found upon her. There was another Woman concern'd, that had the Handkerchief and the rest of the Money.
Q. Did the Prisoner say, that the other Person had the Handkerchief and the rest of the Money?
Constable. The Prosecutor said, he gave 2 s. for the Lodging that Part of the Night .


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Will you ask this Witness any Questions? He says, that when you was going before the Justice, another Woman was concern'd , which had the Handkerchief, and 3 l. odd Money. The Prosecutor lost 5 l. Will you ask the Constable any Questions? What have you to say for yourself?
Prisoner. Please you my Lord. My Mother is a Dealer in Coal, and my Mother ow'd a Gentleman two Guineas. And my Mother gave me two Guineas to pay him. As I was coming along, I happen'd to go into a House to call for a halfpenny-worth of Annifeed . Seeing this Man I took no Notice at all: I got my Dram and came away; as I came into Whitechapel, the Prosecutor ask'd me to drink a Pint of Beer: Upon that he forced me; upon which I call'd for the Watch: When I call'd for the Watch, I charg'd him: And when I came to the Watch-House, he made the Watchman charge me. He took from me two Guineas, the Money I was about to pay away. The Watchman gave the Money to the Constable.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Have you any Witnesses to call ?


                  Susannah 
                  Whitehead 
               



            . The Prisoner's Mother acted a very honest Part; tho' it is my Daughter I can't forswear myself.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


