






129. + 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Jewster 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles in the Fields, was indicted for 


               stealing three Pair of Cloth Breeches, value 11 s. three Cloth Coats, value 16 s. a Serge Coat, value 15 s. and a Drugget Waistcoat, value 5 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Williams 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling-House
            , December 24
.


                  Henry 
                  Williams 
               



            . The Prisoner lived with me as a Servant
 about two Months. These are the Goods he is charged with stealing, and I swear they are mine. He confessed before Colonel 
               
                  De 
                  Veil 
               



            , January 26, that he had stole two Cloth Coats, and a Serge Coat; a Drugget Waistcoat, and two Pair of Cloth Breeches; one Pair of the Breeches were found in Pawn, but he would not confess any Thing of the rest.
Prisoner. I confessed no more than two Coats.


                  James 
                  Abram 
               



            . On the 24th of December last, between five and six at Night, my Master Williams went out to drink Tea with Mrs. Sumner, and he bid me take Care of the Shop: So as I was walking in the Shop, I saw a poor-looking Woman in the Back-Shop, and I heard the Prisoner (who was employed to mend up some of the Goods) say, - Stand back! here's my Master! Hearing those Words, I stopp'd to one of our Shop-Doors, next Monmouth-Street, to watch what they were doing, and I observed the Prisoner to slide something off to the Woman, and she took it under her Apron, and went away. 
               
                  Kit 
                  Burgoine 
               



            , our Porter, was then shutting up Shop; I bid him leave the Shutters, and come along with me. He followed me out into the Street, and four Doors beyond my Master's House, I saw the Woman (who came out of our Back-Shop) slip something from under her Apron, to another Woman. Upon this I bid Kit lay hold of one of them, and I seized the other. He turned his Woman's Riding-hood on one Side and I took a Scarlet Broad-Cloth Coat from her. Says I, this is the Coat I saw Jewster (the Prisoner) slide to the Woman in the Back-Shop, therefore carry the Women to the Alehouse, and keep them there, while I get a Constable, and call my Master. Mr. Williams (my Master) thought proper to go Home, and examine the Prisoner. He asked him, in my Presence, what he had done? He said, he had done nothing at all. I am perswaded you have, pray what Woman was that who was with you? He insisted upon it he had done nothing, and that he had not seen any Woman that Night. Upon this I went to the Porter, and brought him and the two Women to the Shop; and the Woman upon whom the Coat was found, proved to be one Catberine Sommers, the Prisoner's Landlady, and the other was his Wife. Sommers told us, the Prisoner owed her half a Year's Rent, and that his Wife had given her the Coat in Part of Payment. Upon this he was carried before Colonel De Veil, who committed him.
Prisoner. It was Necessity drove me to it. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


