





283. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Courney 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing 3 Plates, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Shaw 
                  




                
             .


                  William 
                  Nicholls 
               



            . The Prisoner used to come to my Master's House very common ; on the 17th of last June
, he came with his pretended Spouse, he had some Veal-Cutlets ; then about 6 or 7 o'Clock he came again, and he said he had got a little Bit of Victuals to eat ; so I brought him a Plate, Knife, and Fork, he desired me to draw him a Penny-worth of Beer; after that I went down for some Beer for another Person , and he takes an Opportunity to go away with the Plate; the next Day there was a hue and cry for my Master to come and see a Person; he desired me to go; so when I came and saw the Prisoner at the Bar, I said is it you! I little thought that you was the Man! We mist the Plate in the Morning, we looked at it, and there was Vinegar upon it; I carried two Plates of my Master's with me, and I found one in particular with my Master's Mark, and he could hardly deny it.
Prisoner . He swore I had my W ife there at dinner.
Nicholls . It was his pretended Wife; I find since by his Wife , that the Woman he brought for his Wife, was his Whore.


                  Charles 
                  Grey 
               



             . I keep a Broker's Shop in Moorfields, and the Prisoner at the Bar, one Day brought me 8 Plates for Sale, marked with 3 single Letters, and he told me a very plausible Story, that his Wife was dead, and they were pawned ; I gave him 7 d. a Pound; the next Day he brought me 7 more, my Wife is but a young Shopkeeper, and she bought them and never turn'd them up: when I came home I looked at them, I was deadly mad about them, I saw they were stole ; one had the Name of Shaw, another Abell, another Mr Eames at the Bee-hive; I saw they were stole; my Wife said don't be angry, he will be here with 12 more to-night; so I said, he is a good Hand to make 18 of a Day; the next Day he came to me again , and I sent my Wife out for the Constable, and sent to some of the Owners of the Plates. The Facts were plainly proved upon the Prisoner. In his Defence he told a dark improbable Story, of his receiving them from a Person over the Water, that had formerly known him, and met in the Street.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


