





102. + 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Stilcock 
                  , otherwise 
Chambers




            , of St. Giles's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver cup, value 40 s. three silver spoons, value 30 s. three tea-spoons, value 3 s. a silver strainer, value 10 d. a cloth cloak, value 5 s. and a silk bonnet, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Greenwood 
                        




                      
                   , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Padmore 
                     



, Dec. 9
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Greenwood 
               



             . I lodge in 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Padmore 
               



            's house; on the 9th of December, about eleven in the morning, the Prisoner came to see me (as she said) because I always gave her good advice; she said she had married a porter at an inn; I asked her how she came hither ? she said she came with a hare on Saturday night, and that between Saturday and Wednesday, her husband had run away and robbed her; said I, it is a commong thing for a woman to rob her husband, but not for a husband to rob his wife ; the Prisoner followed me into the inner room several times; I had washed one of the spoons, and put it into the cup which stood in a corner cupboard (with the rest of the plate that was stolen) in the inner room; and it being near two o'clock, I said Nanny, I must go, I wonder my husband does not come home; she said, when you go I will go. I went to make up the fire, and missed a little bit of a poker; I locked the door of the inner room as well as the outer room, and went out. I had been gone out about half an hour, and when I came home my husband said both the doors are broke open; what, said I, both the doors! yes, said he. I clapped my hands and said, Nan has done this I am afraid, meaning the Prisoner at the bar.
Q. How did you find the door when you returned ?
Greenwood . Both broke open; and I missed a silver cup with two handles, three large spoons, three tea-spoons, a silver strainer, a scarlet cloak and a black bonnet , which were all in the inner room when I went away.
Q. When you missed the things what course did you take?
Greenwood . I went to the Prisoner's father, and told it him as a secret; he said he did not wonder at it, for it was not the first time. The next morning I advertised her, and this young man, Mr. Prior, Mr. Young the goldsmith's man, that bought the plate of the Prisoner, came to me, and said he had bought a cup and a spoon.
Q. Did you go to see them since ?
Greenwood. I did not see them till last Friday.
Q. Where is the cup and spoon?
[Mr. Young produced the cup and spoon, which Mrs. Greenwood said was what she had lost.]
Eliz. Greenwood . The Prisoner was apprehended , and I went to Newgate to see her, and asked her how she could serve me so? for, said I, I always gave you good advice, and she did not deny it.
Q. Did you charge her with robbing you?
Greenwood . Yes, and she did not deny it. I asked her how she did it; she said, she broke the door open with her hand, and thought the devil helped her, and she said she sold the cup and spoon to this young man, Prior.
Pris. I cannot deny it in any shape, and leave it to the mercy of the Court.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


