





222. 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Matthews 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing out of his ready furnish'd lodgings two cotton gowns, value 12 s. two linen sheets, two linen napkins, and other things , the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Welch 
                        




, Feb. 1
.


                  Margaret 
                  Welch 
               



             . I live in Swan-Yard, Newgate Street


. I went down to my father's , in Wapping, the first day of this month. When I came home, my drawers were broke open; I found my door open, the padlock upon the table, and my drawers open.
Q. What goods did you miss?
Welch. I missed two cotton gowns, a man's coat, two shifts, two shirts, nine handkerchiefs, one pair of ruffled sleeves, a coloured apron, two table-cloths, and two napkins; all these I left in a drawer, but the man's coat , and that was lying in a chair.


                  Thomas 
                  Hart 
               



             . I was playing in Swan-Yard, between six and seven o'clock, on Friday night, when this was done. I saw the Prisoner come and stand at a post first, then he stepped into the door; I said to a boy, that lodges up two pair of stairs, What does 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Matthews 
               



             do in your house? says he, He is fuddled , and perhaps is gone to lie down to sleep. He stood some time at this woman's door, then he went out again, and stood by the post. The woman calls her son from play, the Prisoner went back again, and I saw him meddle with the lock; presently he ran out with his arm as full of cloaths as he could hold; I ran after him; the first thing I picked up was this shift, and presently I took up another. Just as he was going to turn by the corner, I picked up a sleeve all dirty, and a piece of a cap. All these he dropped as he ran. While I was taking up the things, I lost sight of him.


                  Moses 
                  Booth 
               



             . I took the Prisoner last Friday morning. We found no goods upon him. He was charg'd with stealing these goods, and he said he could not deny it.




               Guilty of stealing, but not out of the dwelling-house
             .




[Transportation. See summary.]


