





1. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Merryman 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 50 lb. of Lead, val. 4 s. from the Dwelling House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Glass 
                        



                      
                  , Gent
. in the Occupation of the Lady 
                        
                           
                              Frances 
                              Powel 
                           





, Widow.

Oct. 16
.


                  Ann 
                  Waters 
               



            , on the 16 of October last, I saw the Prisoner on the top of Mr. Hambleton's house, which is next to Mr. Glasses, I gave notice of it to 
               
                  John 
                  Palmer 
               



            , Mr. Hambleton's Servant, I heard something fall in a yard, there the lead was found; and the Prisoner was taken in an empty house hard by.
Q. Might not the lead fall by the Wind blowing it down.
Waters. The lead was rolled up close together, as it is now; it had been laid down but a week, the place had been stripped twice before, in six weeks time.
Q. How high is this House?
Waters. But two story high.


                  John 
                  Palmer 
               



            . I saw a man on the top of Mr. Hambleton's house, I cannot say the Prisoner is the man; I took a light, and went up, but he got away; I believe Mrs. Waters might see him from below by the light of my Candle : he, or some body else, had cut up some of my masters lead, but it was not carried away; it is very easy to get from one House to the other; when I came down, two men, who are here, had got hold of him.
Mr. Hardy. When we went into the old house, belonging to the yard where the lead fell, we search'd about, and in the back kitchen we found the Prisoner, concealed under an old dresser, on seeing his legs I called to Mr. Wells, who came, and we took him.
Mr. Wells. Deposed the same.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking a little and coming home to my lodgings, I happened to go to ease myself in this old house, and there I laid down to sleep, and was fast asleep when they laid hold on me.
Hardy. He was obliged to get over a wall of four foot high, to get into that place.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


