





135. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Ellmore 
                  



               
             , of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a scarlet cloth waistcoat, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Forrester 
                        



                      
                   , and a bear-skin frock
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Carstairs 
                  



                
            , Esq
; Jan. 12th
.


                  Susannah 
                  Forrester 
               



            . My husband is a taylor
, the coat was lost off the back of a chair in the parlour, I missed the coat, and went out and saw the prisoner with a bundle in her apron; she had a hole in her apron and I saw the coat; she went down into a cellar in Drury-Lane, and then brought it up upon her arm; I asked her the price of it, she said 10 s. she said the gentleman had taken off the silver buttons; I took it from her, and sent for a constable, and then she owned the having the waistcoat; I understand she deals in old cloaths.


                  Anne 
                  Langhorn 
               



            . The Prisoner brought this coat to my brother's shop, the corner of the Coal-yard; I asked her whether it was hers? she said it was her landlord's, and that her landlady had lent it her because (she had no money,) to pledge for stock.
Prisoner. A woman gave them me to pawn, and was to give me six-pence for pawning them; and as soon as she saw the gentlewoman challenge the coat she run away, and has kept out of the way ever since - her name is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Shovell 
               



            . 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


