





35. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Storer 
                  



               
             of Fulham


 , was indicted (with 
               
                  William 
                  Warren 
               



             not taken) for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Davis 
                        




                      
                   about the Hour of one in the Night, and stealing 4 Feather Beds, 4 Bolsters, 4 Pillows, 10 Blankets, 1 pair of Linen Sheets, a wooden Box, 2 Glass Sconces, 2 Stove-Grates, 4 Saucepans, 3 pair of Harrateen Window Curtains, a Looking Glass, a Pistol, and 6 Dimity Pockets, the Goods of the said 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Davis 
                     



, October 1
.


                  Mary 
                  Davis 
               



            . Last September was twelve Months, I left my House at Fulham


 , and came to a House in Town; and on the 2d of October, Word was brought me that my House was broke open and robbed. As soon as I had recovered my Surprise, I took Coach and went to my House, and found the back Scullery Window taken out, and the Frame lying on the Ground. When I went up Stairs I found most of the Locks broke, and where the Locks were whole, the Doors were split in 'peces. I can't remember what Goods I lost, but I missed 4 Feather Beds, Bolsters and Pillows, and a great many Blankets.


                  Abraham 
                  Astley 
               



            . I am a Broker and live in Harp-Alley. On the 1st of October the Prisoner offered me 2 Stove-Grates for Sale, but I suspecting them to be stolen, stopped the Grates, and him too. I took him to an Alehouse, and while I was talking with some People, he ran away, and I never saw him again 'till now. After this I took a Boat and went to Fulham to search the Prisoner's House, and found this Glass in a Chest of Drawers, and a Sconce-Glass under his Bed, but he was not at Home himself.
Mrs. Davis. This Glass is mine, and one of the three which I lost at that Time.
- Lacey. I was Constable of Fulham, and this Man desired me to search the Prisoner's House: Accordingly I did, and the first Thing I found was one Feather Bed under another, and then this Glass, a Window Curtain, and 10 or 15 Blankets; some of the Things were in one Place, some in another. After we had searched about some Time, we perceived a Sort of a Closet, and on demanding an Entrance into it, the Prisoner's Wife said, there was nothing but Corn in it; however, I took a Poker, threw the Door off the Hooks, and found 2 Bolsters , 10 Blankets, a Box of China, and 2 Feather Beds under the Corn.
Prisoner. He says he took a Poker to force the Door open, was it locked or bolted?
Lacey. The Door opens into the Closet, and it was so secured that we could hardly get it open.


                  George 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live next Door to Mrs. Davis at Fulham. My Daughter informed me that some Damage was done at Mrs. Davis's, upon that I went down the Garden and saw the Parlour Door open. I stepped in and cried Holla! who is in the House! But no Body answering, I went round the House and saw the Kitchen Doors open; a Window Case taken out of the Brick Work and thrown on the Ground, and the Casement lying by it. I then called my Neighbours, and we went in together, and saw that the House had been ranshackled very much. The Prisoner is a Neighbour of mine, he is a Jack-smith, and a very industrious Man as far as I know, for he never did me any Harm.
Council. What Character does the Prisoner bear?
Brown. Some Neighbours give him a good Character, and some a bad one.

Mr. Miller. Being well informed how this Matter stood, and knowing the Prisoner to have absconded some Time, I met him in the Strand and told him I would not part with him till I had brought him to Justice. I asked him how he came by those Goods which were found in his House, and he said they were given to him by a Person who was apprehensive of an Arrest; but when he saw Mrs. Davis, he said they were brought into his House by 
               
                  William 
                  Warren 
               



             . I have known the Prisoner 6 or 7 Years, and always knew him to be a loose, idle Fellow, and used to spend whole Days in an Alehouse, and work at Night.
Prisoner. Mr. Warren came to my House and said, he was afraid his Goods would be seized, and I gave him the Key and he brought them to my House.


                  John 
                  Car 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner above 30 Years. He worked for me about a Year ago, and always made his Accompts good to me.


                  Mary 
                  Strut 
               



            . All that I can say is, that I had been to see a Gentlewoman who is sick about 12 a Clock at Night, and saw Warren go into the Prisoner's House with a Bundle on his Back. As to the Prisoner's Character, I never heard but that he was a very honest Man.


                  John 
                  Wager 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner 30 Years, he will go to the Alehouse and so, but he is a very honest Man for all that.
Council. Does he hear as good a Character now, as he did 30 Years ago?
Wager. I can't say that.


                  Jacob 
                  Thompson 
               



             . The Prisoner was a Neighbour of mine, but has been gone away ever since the Talk of this Robbery; and some of our Neighbours give him a good Character and some the reverse.
Another . The Prisoner rented a Shop of me about 3 Years ago, but I have not known any Thing of him since.


                  Henry 
                  Salkin 
               



            . I am his Brother-in-law, and never heard a bad Character of him before.


                  William 
                  Hat 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner 30 Years, but I have not seen him these 3 Months till now. I have had Dealings with him for Shoes for my Horses, and never heard a bad Character of him, only he would drink a Mug of Beer now and then.
Prisoner. I hope the Drinking of a Mug of Beer is no criminal Offence.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Burroughs 
               



             . I live next Door to him, and never saw no Ill by him in my Life. 


               Guilty Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


