





306. + 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Baker 
                  



               
            , of St Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silk Handkerchief, val. 18 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Barnard 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; privately from his Person
            , June 27
.


                  Francis 
                  Barnard 
               



            . Last Monday Night, about 9 o'Clock, I was going into the Feathers-Tavern


, over-against St Clement's Church in the Strand; when I had got half way down the Tavern-Passage I felt a Twitch at my Right-Hand Pocket; I turned immediately about, and seeing a Fellow run out, I applied to my Pocket, to see if my Handkerchief was there, and I found it gone; I ran after him, and cried Stop Thief; I saw him cross the Strand into St Clements Church yard. and raised a Cry upon him; I lost Sight of him upon his turning the West End of the Church, but others continued the Pursuit till he was taken; I was told that he crossed St Clement's Church-yard, turned back again, and was taken within two Yards of the Place, where I lost my Handkerchief; I went into the Feathers-Tavern again, and my Handkerchief was produced to me. - I believe the Prisoner to be the Man; I did not see his Face, till after he was taken; the Prisoner is exactly like the Man by his Back, who ran from me when I lost my Handkerchief; he had just the same Cloath on as he has now - I had this Handkerchief in my Pocket that Day; and this is the Handkerchief which was brought to me at the Tavern; this is my Handkerchief.
Prisoner. He searched me, and found nothing upon me.


                  Peter 
                  Smith 
               



            . Last Monday Night about 9. or a after 9 o'Clock; I was going to drink a Pint of Wine with two Friends at the Feathers Tavern, and went to the Larder to see what there was in it; and while I was at the Larder, there was a Cry of stop Thief; I went to the Door, to see what was the Matter; I had not been there half a Minute, before that Fellow (the Prisoner) came up very high to the Door; I saw him throw down a Handkerchief, and I took it up, there were two Men going to take hold of him by the Collar, just at that Time, said I, Here is the Handkerchief; this is the Handkerchief; I gave it to the Drawer, and bid him take care of it. I marked it with an A in Black-Ink at Col. 
               
                  Deveil
               


            's; I saw the Prisoner brought into the House, and charged him with it; and, he said, he was to stand the Law, and did not care a Fart for any Body; and he was very saucy before Col. 
               
                  Deveil
               


            .
Prisoner. It was close by the Rose-Tavern that I saw the Gentleman, and not at the Feathers-Tavern.


                  James 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I heard a Cry of stop Thief last Monday Night, about 9 o'Clock, or it might be something after 9; I saw the Prisoner run along; I laid hold of him, and stopped him by St. Clement's Church-yard, near the Feathers-Tavern - I did not see him drop any Thing; he was carried into the Feathers-Tavern; there was a Gentleman who owned the Handkerchief, which was picked up by another Gentleman.
Prisoner. There was no body stopped me; I stopped of myself; there was not one Soul laid hold of me.


                  Henry 
                  Harbin 
               



            . I was standing by my Coach at St. Clement's Church yard, and heard a Cry of stop Thief; the Prisoner run round between the Pole of my Coach, and Mr Roberts; he was too ble for me, but Mr Roberts stopped him forward, and I stopped him behind.
Q. Did any body lay hold of him?
Harbin. Yes, or how should he be caught; we carried him into the Feathers-Tavern.
Prisoner. It is very unlikely I should run Mile with a Handkerchief, and then bring it again. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


