





6. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barton 
                  



               
            , of the Parish of St. Luke


, was indicted for 


               stealing 95 Pounds of Lead
            , on the 15th Day of November
 last, the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Stephenson 
                  




                
            .


                  Samuel 
                  Stephenson 
               



            . The Prisoner at the Bar is a Sash-maker
 by Trade, and I had many Times lost Lead, for he worked for me two or three Years, I began to be suspicious of him, and I told my Plummer, Mr. Bate, that I had lost great Quantities of Lead. Mr. Bate comes one Day and tells me of Lead that was bought of one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Richards 
               



             in Grub-Street, and that he did believe it to be mine.


                  Leonard 
                  Crowder 
               



            . He (the Prisoner) was a Servant to Mr. Stephenson, and he lay at my House; and Mr. Stephenson lost a great deal of Lead, a great deal at a Time, and for that Reason the Master told (desired) the Plummer, that if any came to his House, he would stop it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Richards 
               



            . The young Man sold the Weights to me; I don't remember how much.
Q. When did he sell you them?


                  Elizabeth 
                  Richards 
               



            . I think it was in last November, and among them Pieces of Weights there was one Brass. I asked him how he came by them? he said they were his Perquisites, and I asked no further Questions.
Q. What did you give him a Pound for them?
Richards. A Penny a Pound.
Another Evidence. Our Master gives 13 s. a Hundred Weight.
Prisoner. In his own Defence said, That these Pieces are the Journeymen's Perquisites, and he never wrong'd any Person in his Life of a Pin's Point. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


