






52, 53. + 
               
                  George 
                  Campbell 
               



             , and + 
               
                  
                     John
                      Mac-Cullough
                  



               
             , of St Martin in the Fields



, were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Higgins 
                        




                      
                  , and taking from thence, twenty-eight Pewter Plates, Value 2 s. and one Table-cloth, Value Two-pence, the Goods of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Higgins 
                     



, Nov. 2
.


                  John 
                  Eckley 
               



            . Nov. 2. About half an Hour after Eleven, coming along Hog-Lane, I saw the two Prisoners; Who's that? Jack, said I; Yes, said he; says 
               
                  George 
                  Campbell 
               



            , If you will go along with me I know of a brave Chance; what Chance? sixty Pounds. - Says 
               
                  Mac 
                  Cullough 
               



            , My Uncle is in Bed, I cannot get it to Night. His Uncle keeps the Dube's-Head, in Mercer's-Street; Campbell opened the Cellar-Door with a Knife; they both went down and staid half an Hour, and then handed up twenty-eight Plates to me; they were put in three Table-cloths; I thought I saw a Watchman at the End of the Street, so I made the best of my Way off, and saw no more of them till the next Morning seven o'Clock. I was asleep, Campbell came up to me, Damn your Blood, says he, what did you run away so soon for, I could have got as many more.
Mrs Higgins . About the 2d of November, I lost my Goods, twenty-eight Plates, &c. I do not know that the House was broke open; my Husband knows, but he is sick in Bed.
Campbell . You have had my Character to Day before *.
* See No. 24.
Both 

               Guilty
            , Felony.





[Transportation. See summary.]


