





387. + 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dale , otherwise 
Baker




             , of St Giles's Cripplegate


, was indicted for 


               stealing a burdet gown, value 20 s. a linnen gown, 10 s. a quilted petticoat, 5 s. a shift, 2 s. two handkerchiefs, 18 d. a cap, 12 d. six ells of dowlas. 4 s. half of guinea and six shillings, the goods and money of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Blunt 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling house
            , August 21
.


                  Ann 
                  Blunt 
               



            . The Prisoner came to look after me as a nurse
, and took half a guinea and six shillings from under my head, and the other things which were locked up in a box by my bedside.


                  Philip 
                  Garland 
               



            . I am a Constable, I was sent for to the Queen's-Head in Whitecross-Street, where the Prisoner was stopped, and took her with me to Mrs. Blunt's, and she said that she had robbed her: she owned she took the pocket with half a guinea and six shillings in silver in it, (but she said there were ten shillings,) a new shift and six ells of cloth.
Prisoner. She had hid these things from her husband, and gave me the keys to take them out to pledge, that he should not know of them.
Q. to Garland. Did the Prisoner at that time say, that she pledged them with the privity of the Prosecutrix.
Garland. I did not hear any thing of that.
Mary Hall. The Prisoner owned the taking the money and the things mentioned by the last witness, and a burdet gown.
Q. to the Prosecutrix. The Prisoner says she took these things by your direction and privity, and that you ordered her to pawn them?


                  Ann 
                  Blunt 
               



            . I do deny it - I did not give her the money.
Prisoner. You were light headed, and the next day you said you did not know any thing of the matter, and had forgot it.
Blunt. I did not say any such thing. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


