





262. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Freeman 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Pair of Leather Shoes, Value 1 s. one Pair of Everlasting Shoes, Value 3 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Rowland 
                  




                
             , the 23d of June
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Tyler 
               



            ) What do you know of this Affair?
Tyler. My Lord, I keep a Stall; I lock'd it safe on Saturday Night, and on Monday Morning the 23d of June, I was call'd up between Two and Three o'Clock by the Watchman. The Prisoner at the Bar was taken with the Shoes upon him; one Pair was my own Wearing Shoes , and another Pair was my Customers. There were found in his Apron, my own Shoes, one odd Shoe , and a Pair of Shoes that belong to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Rowland 
               



             : All these Things were found upon him.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Would you ask this Witness any Question?
Prisoner. No, my Lord.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  John 
                  Shelmondine 
               



             .) What do you know of this Affair?
Shelmondine. My Lord, I was coming by that Way, and saw the Prisoner by Mr. Tyler's Stall.
Q. What are you, a Watchman?
Shelmondine. No, my Lord, I am a Butcher.
Q. Did you know Tyler's Stall?
Shelmondine. Yes, my Lord, he made Shoes for me. This Man (the Prisoner) was going from the Place, and the Door was left open; and away he goes, and I follow'd him; he walk'd pretty brisk ; there was a little Alley, and he goes across to the Market, and I lost Sight of him; but I came in Sight of him again: So I was going along by the Dead-Wall by Lincoln's-Inn; he thought he was pursued; he said, Good Morning to you; and that he had found some Shoes upon a Bulk : When he was ask'd what he had in his Lap, he let down his Apron and there were five Shoes.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Will you ask him any Question?
Prisoner. Ask him whether he can say I was the Man that broke open the Stall?


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) What have you to say in your Defence?
Prisoner. I had been drinking at a Publick House in the Strand with a Couple of Soldiers of my Acquaintance; when I left them, I was coming by the Stall, and saw one Shoe before me; I gave it a Kick , and threw it upon the Bulk; throwing of it up there, it founded against some others, and there were two Pair more.




               Guilty 10 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


