





370. + 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Chapman 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Cotton Gown unfinished, value 12 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Leman 
                        




                      
                  , in the Shop of 
                     
                        Susannah 
                        Buck 
                     



, Aug. 18
.


                  Susan 
                  Buck 
               



            . I keep a Haberdashers, and Stuff-Shop in Grays-Inn-Lane


, and am a Mantua Maker; this Gown lay in the Shop Window, and on the 18th of August, about Nine in the Evening. I saw somebody snatch the Gown out of the Window, but I cannot swear it was the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Coleby 
               



            . Just as the Clock struck Nine at Night, my Wife and I were going along Grays-Inn-Lane; there was a Cry of Stop Thief, I turned about, and saw the Prisoner with something under his Arm, which I took to be a Table Cloth, and saw him drop it; he ran into Holborn Court, and he was stopped, and brought back. He would have made himself an Evidence.


                  Mary 
                  Coleby 
               



            . My Husband and I were going along Grays-Inn-Lane, there was a Lad running by with something whitish under his Arm. I am very positively sure that it was the Prisoner, and I could know him from a Thousand.


                  Thomas 
                  Miller 
               



            , the Constable, proved it to be the Gown which was delivered him before the Justice, and was sworn to by Mrs Buck. * 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            

* Tho' this Fact was so laid in the Indictment as to some within the Statute, to exempt the Prisoner from Clergy, in Favour of Life, such Statutes are construed strictly; and in this Case of Shop-lifting, it has all held, the Felony must be of such Goods are are usually sold in such Shop; This Gown was not there therefore the Prisoner would not have been capitaliy convicted, though the Value had been proved as laid in the Indictment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


