





377. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Yates 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a flowered Damask Child's Coat, val. 6 s. a Pair of Men's Pumps, val. 4 s. and 5 Guineas
            , the Property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Watson 
               




              , in the Parish of St Martin's Ludgate


 , May 12
.
Edward Watson . I keep a Publick House
 in the Old Bailey


; but by Trade I am a Carver . I lost the Skirt of a Child's flower'd Damask Coat, worth 6 s. a Pair of double channel'd Pumps, worth 4 s. The Skirt was my Neice's (a Child's) but I keep it: and I lost likewise 5 Guineas and some Silver . The Money was taken out of my Drawers ; the Pumps were taken from under the Bed-side. The Child's Coat was taken away a Fortnight before the Money, and I missed that and the Pumps before I missed the Money - I found the Gold gone on the 12th of May. The Prisoner was a Servant
 out of Place, and was only at my House 'till she could get a Service; I did not suspect the Prisoner at first , because there was another Servant in the House: but on the Day the Money was missing, the Prisoner went away, and I never saw her till 6 or 7 Weeks after. This gave me Reason to suspect her; and a Gentlewoman bringing me word, that she had seen the Skirt of the Child's Coat hang out at a Shop-Window in Field-Lane, I sent my Sister to see if she could get it; that we might come at the Thief: She went and demanded it, and Mr Jakewell ; (the Gentlewoman's Husband who had bought it) brought it home. This is my Skirt; and this is the Gentlewoman who bought it. When the Prisoner was taken, she owned taking this and the Pumps; and acknowledged that she took 3 or 4 Guineas out of the Drawer, and some Silver, but how much I cannot tell. She owned it likewise before Colonel De Veil: I heard her myself, and the Money I never had again; but the Pumps were sent me home, by the Man who bought them of the Prisoner.
Mrs Jakewell. I bought this Skirt of the Prisoner, and gave her 5 s. and 6 d. for it. - I have forgot the particular Time, but I asked her how she came by it? She said she sold it for her Mother, who lived at St Giles's, and was poor, and necessitated for want of Bread; and that it belonged to her Sister, who was dead. As soon as I had bought it, I hung it up at the Door, and so they heard of it, and came and owned it. I went this Day to see the Prisoner, and asked her if her Mother had any Share of the Money, which she took from her Master, or received from me? She only said, that she took the Money from her Master of her own accord.


                  John 
                  Belson 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner from her Birth: She's between 14 and 15 Years of Age. I never knew her guilty of an ill Action before, though I have entrusted her in my House and Shop with untold Gold. These People took her in out of Charity, and I am very sorry this thing should happen. 'Tis her wicked Mother has brought her to this.


                  Daniel 
                  Hazleton 
               



            . I have known her 5 or 6 Years, and took her to bear an honest Character. She signify'd to me, that it was through the Instigation of her Mother, that she committed this Fact. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


