





124. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Heaney  otherwise 
Ceeney




               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Watch, val. 5 l. - and a Silver Watch Chain, val. 4 s. the Property of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Lane 
                     




                    , in the Dwelling-House
             of 
               
                  John 
                  Lemmon 
               



             .
Henry Lane. On the 31st of August
, between eight and nine in the Morning, I was going up Fleet-street, and a Gentleman like Man picked up a Shilling; he said he had found a Shilling, and asked me to drink part of a Pint of Wine, which I accepted of. He went into Pope's-Court, in Bell-Yard


; and in this Court we met 
               
                  John 
                  Heaney 
               



            ; says the Man, who picked up the Shilling, I have found a Shilling, and am going to treat this Man with a Glass of Wine, and desired him to go and take Part of it. We went into a House where there was a little Room in the Yard. They put me into the inner Part of the Room, and the Prisoner was next to the Door; after they had drank some Wine, they began to talk of cutting of Cards, particularly the Prisoner, who went out under a Pretence of buying Cards; but I believe he had them in his Pocket at the Time, because he returned so quick; the Prisoner and the other played, I was prevailed on to bet a Shilling, and I won two Shillings; so this Man who had picked up the Shilling, he cut good Cards, Court Cards; says he to me, Do you cut; I apprehend he had two Packs, for when I came to cut, I cut nothing but Aces and Duces, and the like, and I lost the two Shillings that I had got. Says he, I will venture another Shilling, says I, I have never a Shilling: What, says he, have you no Watch nor nothing to put down? Yes, says I, I have a Watch, so I put my Watch down upon the Table, and cut two or three Times; still the Cards were low, that I lost every Time; I lost two or three Shillings that Way; and please you, my Lord, he took up my Watch and went away with it directly. I went out as fast as I could, but he was gone, and I saw no more of him till about a Fortnight afterwards; as I was coming up Newgate-street I met with him, and one more of his Companions; as soon as ever he saw me, he began to run; I cried out Stop Thief, and caught him before he got to the End of the Street; but the other was a brisk Fellow, and he got off; says the Prisoner, if you will release me you shall have your Watch again. He begged me to go into a Publick-House, and the People persuaded me to let him go in; said they, may be you may have your Watch again; and he said I should have my Watch. So some of the People persuaded me to make it up, and others not to make it up, for if I did he might trouble me; so I would not make it up, but would have him before a Magistrate; he did not care to walk on Foot, but he would have a Coach, and before we got to Guild-Hall, he was fumbling in his Pocket; I was in Hopes I should have my Watch again, but they were two Packs of Cards that he had in his Pocket.
Prisoner. Another Man put down a Ring to answer his Watch. I plaid till it came to Six Guineas, and won his Watch.
Q. Did any Body put down a Ring?
Lane. Yes, one of his Companions did to bet with him.


                  William 
                  Davis 
               



             the Constable. I was at the Alehouse, while Mr Lane had the Prisoner there in the House, and he said if he would let him go, he would send for the Watch.
Prisoner. My Lord, this Gentleman has sworn a Robbery upon me, when I won the Watch; and it is very unlikely a Man should be robbed of his Watch at Noon-Day, and not make a Noise.
Lane. My Lord, I was afraid of my Life, and did not care to make any Noise, for I had heard of some Murders and Robberies at that Time, that I was afraid to do it.


                  Martha 
                  Blakesley 
               



             says she has known the Prisoners two Years, gave him the Character of an honest Man, that he always kept good Hours; that as he was a Watch-Maker, she thought he might have got his Living honestly and truly, without following this Course of Life.


                  Frances 
                  Savage 
               



             gave him much the same Character. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


