






+ 104, 105. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Talbot 
               



              and 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Gaffney 
                   , otherwise Casey



             , of St. Martin's in the Fields



 , were indicted for 


               stealing a perriwig value 60 s.  the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Penny 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop
            
November 29th
.


                  John 
                  Penny 
               



             . I live in Coventry-street


 just at the top of the Haymarket. I lost a perriwig out of my shop-window November 29th, in the evening after candle-light, I laid it down in the window about five minutes before it was lost. - I went into the parlour behind the shop, and my servant came and told me that a man had taken a perriwig out of the window and he pursued him as far as the Haymarket, and told me that he was stopped by a little fellow who prevented him from the pursuit.


                  John 
                  Hawkins 
               



            . On the 29th of November*, Patty Casey, Tom. Talbot and I, stole a large perriwig out of a barber's shop within a door or two of the Haymarket. - I do not know whose shop it was.
* Hawkins said on the last trial be did not know be committed any other robbery that night.
Q. How long is it ago?
 Hawkins. It is about 6 weeks - it was a little after candle-light.
Q. How did you get it out?
Hawkins. One of the Prisoners lifted up the sash , and the other took the wig out.
Q. Are you sure you had no hand in taking out the wig?
Hawkins. Yes, I was as far off as I am to you. - I cannot say who lifted up the sash , because they had both their hands together.
Q. Do you know who took the wig out?
Hawkins. I did not see who took it out, 
               
                  Patty 
                  Casey 
               



             had the wig in his apron, I saw them hussling together, and 
               
                  Patty 
                  Casey 
               



             put something into his apron and run down the Haymarket, the barber run after him, and cried out, stop thief! and he run against me and pushed me down.
Q. Did you endeavour to stop him?
Hawkins. Yes, I stopped him with a design to prevent his running after the Prisoners, and then I went home directly. - I went first to their lodging over against the Black-Horse in Church-lane, St. Giles's, I live just by.
Q. What did you do with the wig?
Hawkins. We carried it to a barber's in Dyot-street, and sold it for a crown. - I carried the wig. - I sold the wig. - I don't know the barber's name.
Q. to Penny. Did you go to that barber's?
Penny. I got a search warrant, but he got away and has kept out of the way ever since , the evidence told me the barber's name.
Q. Did you ever see the wig in Talbot's possession?
Hawkins. Both of them had the wig on, and I had it on; none of us had it on above 4 minutes.
Q. You say you sold it to a barber.
Hawkins. We did not sell it to the barber, we carried it to him and he sold it for us for 5 s. and we gave him a shilling for selling it, and divided the 4 s. between us.

Talbot . When he came home at night, he said he had got a large wig for a hoop, and he brought it with him.
Q. What do you mean by a hoop?
Talbot. That is a brass ring such as they sell for gold ones. - I cannot say but I had the wig on my head, and I said it was a great deal too big, and I believed would not fetch much; was you ever in my company before?
Hawkins. Yes, I have several times. - I am a baker by trade, I have been a master baker and lived within 5 miles of Bath but have had misfortunes in the world.
Talbot. I believe his brother and he get their living by gaming and selling brass rings for gold ones. 

               Guilty of the Felony
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


