





25. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jackson 
                  , otherwise 
South




            , was indicted for 


               stealing four Yards and a Quarter of Silk, out of the Shop of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Kitson 
                        




, the Property of the said 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Kitson 
               



            , July, 1
.



                  Agnes 
                  Kitson 
               



            . Cavenagh, and the Prisoner, came into my Shop, in Aldersgate-street, and asked for some Handkerchiefs, I took down a Parcel and show'd them, and then more; they were very difficult, bid me less than they cost, and went out of the Shop: I miss'd the Goods immediately, went to the Shop-door, and said, those Men have robb'd me; they were pursued and brought back; I am sure these are the Goods which were show'd to them; they are Handkerchiefs, there are 3 in one Piece, and 2 in the other; when they came back I said, I will have you search'd, for you have robb'd me. The Prisoner at the Bar, open'd his Breast and bid me search, and so did the other.
Prisoner. I offer'd her 5 s. for two Handkerchiefs, and she asked but 5 s. 6 d.


                  Christopher 
                  Baker 
               



            . On the 1st of July, I was sitting in Mrs Coleman's Shop, under which is a Cellar, I saw that Man and Lot Cavenagh go by the Door, it was not long before they came back again; I saw one of them make a Motion with his Hand, and within a Minute after, a Girl said, Lord, there is a Piece of Silk in our Cellar; then said I, go down and fetch it, and the Girl did, and Mrs Kitson said, the Goods were her's.
Lot Cavenagh* , The Prisoner and I made an Agreement to go into this Gentlewoman's Shop, to cheapen some Handkerchiefs, and take away as many as we could; she showed us several Parcels, and we came pretty near the Price.
* Lot Cavenagh was an Evidence at the Old Bailey, Feb. 1738-9. against 
               
                  James 
                  Lawlor 
               



             and 
               
                  james 
                  Leonard 
               



            , who were then condemn'd for robbing 
               
                  George 
                  Lines 
               



             on the Highway.
Q. Did he take them or you, if you really took them, do not be ashamed to own it?
Cavenagh. He took both the Pieces, and put them into his Bosom.
Prisoner. My Coat was open at that time,
Cavenagh. He put them between his Waistcoat and Coat, his Coat was button'd. When we had got about 40 Yards from the Shop, two Men laid hold on us, and brought us back; as we were coming back, 
               
                  William 
                  South 
               



             threw the Handkerchiefs into a Cellar.
Prisoner. I am but a Stranger, having been but about 6 Weeks in Town; I was recommended to a Gentleman's Service, but was disappointed; I thought of returning to Ireland, and was going down Aldersgate-street, to see when the Waggon went out, I met this Gentleman, and he said, he was going to buy a couple of Handkerchiefs, so I went into the Shop with him.
Cavenagh. He proposed going into the Shop first; we are Countrymen, I have not seen him before for 8 or 9 Years.


                  Jane 
                  Ealy 
               



            . I keep a House for Lodgers. I have known the Prisoner about 6 Weeks, he came from Ireland directly to my House, and has behaved very well.


                  John 
                  Powell 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was 8 or 9 Years of Age; he was bound Apprentice to an Apothecary in Ireland, and came here to see his Aunt.


                  Ann 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I have known him ever since he lodged in my Mistress's House, he always kept good Hours.


                  Eleanor 
                  Morel 
               



            . I have known him about 5 Weeks here, and some Years in Ireland, his Father is dead, he was an Apprentice to an Apothecary in Ireland, has run out his Fortune by Extravagance; he kept good Hours till he got acquainted with Lot Cavenagh.
Cavenagh. She is his Wife my Lord, they came over from Ireland together.
Morel. I am not his Wife. 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


