





342. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Welch 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Silk Gown, value 20 s. three Yards of Damask, value 4 s. one Velvet Cap, value 12 d.
             The Goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hawkins 
                  




                
            .


                  George 
                  Hawkins 
               



            . I live in Monmouth-street


. I lost, Sir, in a Week, at different Times, a great many Things. Mrs Welch, she came, as different Times, to this Girl, and tells her, she was a pretty Girl, and it was pity she should live in such a Place, for such trifling Wages. My Wife told me we had lost several Things.
Q. When was it that you lost these Things ?
Hawkins. We miss'd the last of the Things the 31st of July. The green Gown was the last Thing we miss'd.
Q. What Reason had you to suspect the Prisoner ?
Hawkins. By the Girl's telling of me she came several Times. We had made some Enquiries about it. There was a Woman that cries old Clothes, she sent for me, and told me, she had seen a green Gown at such a Pawnbroker's; upon that I goes to Mr Johnson's the Pawnbroker, at the Corner of Russel-street. His Servant that took them in is here. His Name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



            . When I told him I had lost such a Thing, he said, I should see it. I desired him to stop her when she came again. He said there was no fear of her coming again, for she was to come to have more Money upon it; and when she did come I takes the Girl along with me, and she said, This is the Woman that has come so often to our House. When the Girl came in, the Prisoner said, You B - h, what do you do here ? And when she saw me, she said, Sir, don't make a Noise, I am ruin'd; the Gown is your's, but I did not steal it. The Pawnbroker look'd, and found the Damask which was ours. Afterwards we found the Cap, but we can't tell who pawn'd it. She deny'd the Damask; but she said the Gown was mine, but she did not steal it.


                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am an Apprentice to Mr Johnson, the Corner of Russel-Court. The Prisoner at the Bar brought this Gown to me the 31st of July.
Q. Do you know her?
Brown. I know her very well. I have known her about three Weeks or a Month. She brought the Silk Gown to me the 31st of July, and she wanted no more than eighteen Pence upon it. I made no Words of it, she look'd very well. Soon after there was a Woman that buys and sells Things, she said, this Gentleman has been robb'd of many Things, particularly of a green Gown. I said I took in a green Gown. She went by the Name of Henry to me.
Q Who told you this?
Brown. One Warren. I said, if she had stole it I should see her again. So she sent in the Afternoon for more Money. I said we did not lend any Thing except the same Person comes. So she came herself, and I tells her to stay a bit. Upon that the Woman that was with her said, the Gown was stole. So I sent for Mr Hawkins, and kept her there in the Shop. She wanted to get away sadly. She brought this blue Damask and the Cap before that, about three or four Days, and all in the Name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Henry 
               



            . She was clear'd by the Act of Grace the last Sessions.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I live with Mr Hawkins.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar ?
Morgan. Yes, Sir. She came one Morning, and ask'd for a Camblet Petticoat, and said I grow'd a little; I said I grow'd pretty big. And another Morning she came, and ask'd for a Camblet Petticoat, and a left-off Cloke; I told her we had none, and she ask'd the Price of some Clothes. She came again of a Friday Morning, and ask'd for a Camblet Petticoat and some left off Things; and she came another Morning, and went behind the Compter; while I turned up my Bed, she said I was a pretty Girl, and she could help me to a Place in Lincoln's-Inn-fields of 3 l. a Year and the old Clothes. These Things were miss'd of a Saturday. The Prisoner was there several times, but I did not see her take the Things.
Q. Did you afterwards go to the Pawnbroker's; who did you see there?
Morgan. I went there and I clapp'd hold of her, and I said, this was the Woman that use to come to me in the Morning, and ask the Price of Things.
Prisoner. I was in the Shop several times, but as to taking any thing I never did. As for the Damask and Cap, I never pawn'd; and as to the Gown, I pawn'd it. There was a young Woman out of Place, and desired me to get something for it.




               Guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


