





264. 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Howard 
                  



               
            , of St. Margaret Moses


, was indicted (after the 24th of June 1731. to wit, on the 9th of April 1744
.) for 


               stealing 32 pound weight of lead, value 2 s. 8 d. fixed to the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Wall 
                     




, against the form of the statute, &c.
Edward Wall. I lost the lead from over the door. It was there at eight o'clock on Sunday night, and gone before six on Monday morning; there was about thirty two pounds ripped off; the Constable told me his watchmen had taken a man with some lead; we carried it to the place, and it fitted exactly. I believe I can, with a great deal of safety, sweat that this is my lead.
Prisoner. As I was coming along, I found it against some iron rails, and I thought I had as good a right to take it as another person.


                  William 
                  Phipps 
               



            . I am a watchman, belonging to Queenhith. About half an hour after four the Prisoner comes by, and says, Good morrow watchman; and I said, Good morrow to you. After he was gone by, I said to my brother watchman, that man is a lead stealer. I had him in custody once before upon that account; so I stopped him, and found the lead upon him, hid under his coat. He said, he was going over the water, and I had no business with him. The lead was carried to Mr. Wall's house, and sitted exactly, and there was the same coloured paint upon the lead, as was upon a gutter, that joins to the door.


                  Thomas 
                  Walker 
               



            . I was by when Phipps laid hold of the Prisoner; we challenged him, and asked him, what he had got under his coat. He said, Nothing that is yours; and he dropped the lead from under his coat. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


