





213. 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Grimes  otherwise 
Graham




               
            , of St. Vedast Foster, London


, was indicted for 


               stealing 20 yards of printed linen, value 40 s. and a piece of lead, value 2d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lawrence 
                  




                
            , Feb. 26
.


                  John 
                  Lawrence 
               



            . I live in Cheapside


. On Shrove-Tuesday I lost a piece of linen that was printed for handkerchiefs, and a piece of lead about two pound and an half.


                  Samuel 
                  Craft 
               



            . I had taken the prisoner, and her sister up, on suspicion of stealing a box-iron, and took her before a justice of the peace in Southwark, and the prisoner's sister (fearing she should be sent to Bridewell) said, my sister has stole some handkerchiefs; the prisoner had such a handkerchief about her neck as that.
Lawrence. That is the pattern of the piece of handkerchiefs I lost: I believe it to be part of the same piece. When I charged her with stealing them, she said, her husband was a seafaring man and had sent her eight of them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hughes 
               



            . The prisoner sold half a dozen of these handkerchiefs in my house. These are the handkerchiefs.
Q. How came you to have them?
Hughes. The person that bought them gave them into my custody.



                  Elizabeth 
                  White 
               



             . I bought half a dozen of these handkerchiefs, and gave 5 s. * for the half dozen.
* Mr. Lawrence said they cost him twenty one shillings a dozen.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Fudge 
               



            . I bought these two handkerchiefs of the prisoner, and gave her 22 d. or 2 s. for the two.


                  Mary 
                  Stamper 
               



             . [A girl about fourteen years of age] The prisoner lived with my mother and I, [the prisoner is Stamper's own aunt] one morning, the 6th of March, she asked me to go to Billingsgate with her, and when we came back, she said she had made a very good day's work; I asked her what she had got, she said, they were handkerchiefs: and she said, if I make as good a day's work every day, as I have done to day, I shall come very well off.
Q. Where did she say this?
Stamper . It was in an ale-house by the Monument. I asked her where they were, she said, they were in the basket (the basket that I carried) I asked her if I had been taken, whether I should not have been hanged, and she said no, I should not have been hurt. There was a piece of lead which was wrapped up in a piece of blue paper, and she said G - D - n you, I hope I have got a piece of cambrick worth 10 s. Then I went to my mother, and my mother said, where have you been; I said I had been with my aunt; my mother said, you little impudent jade, I'll kill you, and she sell a licking me, and the prisoner said, don't be angry, for I have got some handkerchiefs. Said my mother, what have you been carrying my girl a thieving.
Q. What did she do with the handkerchiefs?
Stamper. She sold one in Shoreditch for 13 d. two to two bakers for 2 s. and she said, she had sold half a dozen for a crown. I sold the piece of lead for two pence halfpenny, and gave her the money. I was taken up and carried before a Justice, but I would not say any thing to the Justice about the handkerchiefs.
Q. How came you in the new goal?
Stamper . Mr. Lawrence took me up, because he said I was concerned with her in the robbery.


                  John 
                  Lawrence 
               



            . Mr. Hughes (the husband of Mrs. Hughes the witness) came to my shop, and enquired if I had lost any handkerchiefs (he said he had enquired among the drapers) and I told him I had; and he informed me of them.


                  Mary 
                  Stamper 
               



            . These are the handkerchiefs.
Prisoner. Did not I tell you I was going to meet my husband?
Stamper. You said you was going to meet him, but you did not say you had any handkerchiefs from him.
Q. Did she say where she got these handkerchiefs?
Stamper. She said she had the handkerchiefs from Mr. Lawrence's house in Cheapside.
Q. Did she tell you what she was going to her husband about?
Stamper. She did not tell me on what account.
Prisoner. She has gone with me two or three years to gentlemens houses, and never knew me do any harm, or wrong any body. She does this out of spight .
Stamper. I was taken up, and then I declared what she had told me.
Elizabeth Appleton +. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Stamper 
               



             lay with me in the new goal in Southwark, and she told me the prosecutor said he was a batchelor, and if she would say as he desired her, that he would take her home, and she should be his house-keeper; and that he sent her caps and aprons, and kept her very well. And her mother said, if you don't stand to what you say, you will transport yourself, and she will be cleared; and you may be a comfort to me, and we shall have some money to put us in a way, or something like it. And this witness said she did not know that her aunt stole the handkerchiefs, or how she came by them.
+ Appleton was brought by Habeas Corpus from Surry , but nobody appearing against her, she was discharged at the goal delivery.
Stamper . My aunt asked me whether the gentleman was a single man or a married man; and I said, I believed he was a batchelor; but I did not know that he was, he never said so to me, and never said any thing of taking me home or any thing likeit.
Q. Did you say any thing of his giving you any caps, or any other things.
Stamper. No, it is as false as any thing in the world; he never said so to me.
Q. Was there any thing said of your mother's des iring you to stick to what you said?
Stamper. My mother did say she would have me stand by what I had said, and tell the truth as far as I knew, but said she was very sorry my aunt was likely to be convicted.
Prisoner. Did not your mother say, she will be hanged, and I may as well take the reward as not?


                  Mary 
                  Stamper 
               



            . I said I did not know there was any reward, and if there was, I said I would not take it, for if I did, my mother would kill me.

Lettice Lun. * Mary Stamper said that the prosecutor came to her when she was in Bridewell, and said he was a batchelor, and if she would take his counsel , that she should never want for any thing that was in his power - that is, if she would stand to her story .
* She was brought by Habeas Corpus from Surry ; indicted this Sessions by the name of Lynn, and is now under sentence of death.
Jury, to Mr. Lawrence. Did you send the witness any money or things?
Lawrence . I allowed the goal keeper 8 d. a day for her, that she might not go among the common prisoners. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


