






19, 20. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Cook 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing on the 31st of October
, 2 hogs, value 2 l. 10 s.
             the goods and chattels of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Price 
                  




                
            .



                  Margaret 
                  Price 
               



            . I live at Paddington, the hogs were mine; they were taken the 31st of Oct. they were left in the sty belonging to the yard.
Q. When did you miss them?
Price. I mist them about three o'clock in the morning; I know nothing more of my own knowledge, but they were brought again the next morning.


                  Ann 
                  Cox 
               



            . I served them, and fastened them up at night, and found them gone the next morning.


                  William 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I was called up about three o'clock in the morning, and I went to the sty and mist the hogs; I went to Cansel-green that morning, and found them there. Three men call'd me out of bed, and told me there were some hogs found upon these men, and askt if they did not belong to us, and I went down and found they were ours; that is all I know of it.


                  John 
                  Pye 
               



            . I was going home from London between eleven and twelve o'clock a Saturday night, with Mr. Brown, and another Farmer; and as we were going along, Mr. Brown askt the Prisoners where they were driving the hogs at that time of night? but one of the prisoners D - d him, and said, what was that to him? In the mean time I came up, Brown was on foot, Cook was on horseback, and he was making off towards London; with that I caught hold of his bridle; says he, what, have you a mind to rob me? with that Mr. Brown came up to my assistance, and laid hold of the other, when three or four men came presently to our assistance; we heard a drunken man come up talking to himself that came from Paddington. Brown the Prisoner, when we came into the house, said, he had bought the hogs of Cook: in about two hours one came from Mrs. Price's.


                  Edward 
                  Baker 
               



            . I was going from market a Saturday night, and I past one man driving a single hog, and at a little distance, I saw a horse with a bridle and saddle. I did not stop them first, Mr. Pye stopt them; when we came up to them, one said he had bought them of the other, and he was going to drive them home, and we detained them all night.


                  Richard 
                  Carnby 
               



            . I know nothing more than that these men brought the Prisoners into my house; Brown told me he had bought those hogs of Cook for 36 s. and he gave half a crown earnest.
Cook the Prisoner. This gentleman and I were drinking together at Paddington, and we were in liquor, and saw these pigs before us.
Court. But they said you declared you had sold these hogs to Brown.
Cook. If I did, I did not know what I said, I was very drunk.


                  John 
                  Garth 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner some years, he is a labourer

, and has taken a great deal of pains for his bread, I never heard a bad character of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Minchin 
               



            . I have known Cook about twenty years, and know him to be a pains-taking man, and believe him to be very honest.


                  John 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . I have known Cook about twenty years, and never heard but he was an honest man. He has not been come from Glocestershire above half a year.
Court to Brown. What have you to say for yourself?
Brown. I was going to serve this man in order to take a publick house.
Reginard Trotter. He lived two years with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Frederick 
               



            , Esq; and I have recommended him since as a labourer, and I believe his master is in Court to prove he is an honest fellow.


                  John 
                  Good 
               



            . Brown the Prisoner was recommended to me about two years ago. I put him in trust more than some others, because I took him to be more honest, he has workt with me for about two months.


                  John 
                  Evans 
               



            . I have that to say for the Brown, he is a very honest man.


                  James 
                  Wright 
               



            . I have known Brown four years, I have had dealings with him, he has paid me honestly, and no body can say but he is an honest man.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


