





189. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Edwards 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two Gold Rings and a Tea Spoon
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Pile 
                  




                
            .


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Pile 
               



            .) Where do you live?
In Bakers Row in Whitechapel


.
Q. Had you any Goods stole out of your House?
Pile. No, Please your Honour.
Q. Did you lose any Goods?
Pile. My Husband and my little Boy sell Stockings, Handkerchiefs and Caps; and he takes a Licence and walks abroad. This Woman, the Prisoner, she comes to my Door to beg a little Small Beer; I said I had none, my Children must drink Water; the Door was a-jar, open, and she came in; give me a little Water, says she, I am troubled with the Heart-Burn, it may do me good; says she to me, you are born to vast good Fortune, let me see your Hand. Said I, are you a Fortune Reader? She reply'd, I know, and by God's Assistance to help me, that where you are worth a Penny you shall be worth a Pound: Did you never hear of hidden Treasure in this House: There is hid a great deal of Money, and by God's Assistance and my Help you shall enjoy much of this: She told me she desir'd but so much in the Pound. But don't you deal with the Devil, I said: Says she you must pull your Rings off; said I, I have been a Wife these 18 Years, and have had eight Children, and have never pull'd them off. Says she, there is Gold and Silver hid in this House, there is 400 l. of King William's Gold hid in this Place ever since King William's Time, and shall be your's within an Hour, if you will follow my Directions; and where you are worth a Penny you shall be worth a Pound. I trembled and shook, I said, sure the Woman deals with the Devil, I said, do you? No, said the Prisoner; but only cast a Figure. All the Gold and Silver (says she) you have in the House, you must bring to me: She said, God must be her Saviour, and I should have it; And I was in such a Condition, in a Trance, or some such Thing.
Q. Did you pull off your Rings?
Pile. Yes. And they were put into a Paper, and she said, as God should be her Judge she would have but 12 d. to the Pound; she put my Rings and Spoon, as I thought, in my Bosom, but I could not find them any more.
Q. Did you think you had them in your Bosom?
Pile. Please you my Lord, she put me into such a Condition, that I thought I should have died.
Q. Where were the Rings and the Tea Spoon?
Pile. In the Paper.
Q. Did she put them into your Bosom?
Pile. I thought she did, but I never had them in my Bosom, tho' I thought I had: So she went out, and was to bring this Money to me in a Quarter of an Hour; but she did not return again; and I could not find her 'till Monday. I went into Whitchapel, there I found her, and she run away from me a Mile or two before we took her.
[Prisoner's Defence] Please you my Lord, I never saw the Gentlewoman before Monday in the whole Course of my Life. I am unprovided, my Witnesses were here, but they are gone.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


