





347.+ 
               
                  
                     Isabel 
                     Hutchins 
                  



               
             , of St James's Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing 15 Yards of printed Linnen, val.20 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Ward 
                        




                      
                  , in her Shop
            , July 9
.


                  Frances 
                  Watson 
               



            . The Prisoner came yesterday Morning, into Mrs Ward's Shop,(in Princes-Street, Leicester Fields


,) about 8 o'clock;'tis a Linnen Draper's Shop: She asked for Cottons; I shewed her several, but they did not please her, she wanted Purples; when the Purples were shewn her, they would not do for her; and then I pull'd down some Linnens, and shew'd her one, which I said was a very pretty Thing. She neither said she lik'd it, or disliked it; but only that she must have larger Patterns, and she would come again by and by, and bring her Cousin with her, who had been at our Shop (she said) and had bought a Gown; and so she went out. I turn'd up the Goods I had shewn her, and missed this Piece; upon which which I came quickly round the Counter, and overtook her at the next Door, and told her she had got something. No, she had not, she said; but I turned back her Cloak, and saw this Linnen upon her. I told her 'twas ours: she said it was not; I knew it, and took it from her; then she would have got away, but I held her, and got her back to the Shop; after which she was carried before a Justice, where she confessed the Fact, and said she did it through Poverty.


                  Martha 
                  Salisbury 
               



             deposed, that she was coming by accidentally, and saw Mrs Watson take the Linnen from under the Prisoner's Arm. She was with her before the Justice, and heard her Confession. 


               Guilty 4 s.10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


