





90. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Matthews 
                  



               
            , of St. Brides


, London, was indicted for 


               stealing a pocket-book, val. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Copeland 
                  




                
            . Jan. 9
.


                  Thomas 
                  Copeland 
               



            . Last saturday night, the 9th of this instant, between six and seven, as I was coming along Ludgate-Hill


, I lost my pocket-book out of my pocket.
Q. Did you drop it?
Copeland. No. The Prisoner picked it out of my pocket, and since that, the book has been brought to me.
Q. What makes you say the Prisoner picked it out of your pocket?
Copeland. Because I saw him. I found my coat was pulled back, and I saw my book in his hand, and he put it into his pocket.
Q. You say, you saw the book in his hand, why did not you stop him?
Copeland. Because I thought it might be improper for a single person to take such a one as him; I crossed the way, and saw him pick another gentleman's pocket. I spoke to the gentleman, and informed him of it, and he said, if I took any notice of it, we might stand a chance of being beat; we followed him as far as Temple-Bar, and he returned back again. I went home to my lodging in New-street, by Fetter-Lane.
Q. Did you observe his countenance?
Copeland. Yes; I observed the lower part of his face to be clarety. When I went home I got one to go along with me, and set a man and a boy on one side of the way, and I went on the other.
Q. When was that?
Copeland . About a quarter of an hour after he picked my pocket. I came out of the house with my landlord, and I saw the Prisoner turn up Fleet-street , towards Fetter-Lane; and by St. Dunstan's church , I saw him attempt to pick a gentleman's pocket. Said I to a chairman, do me the favour to lay hold of this man, for he has picked my pocket, and he laid hold of him by the collar, and shoved him against the Temple-gate. There was another fellow with him: I laid hold of the other fellow, though I could not charge him; and I don't know but the Prisoner might think I had a proper officer; but when he found I had not a proper officer, he said, you little saucy dog, let me go: we carried him to a public house, the Two Kings and Key in Fleet-street, and I got an officer, and he said, he believed this person was no better than he should be. The Prisoner desired he might be searched, and the constable said, I don't feel any book, or any thing like it; I asked him if he would return the book, he said, he knew nothing of it ; I gave the constable charge of him, and he begged to go to Bridewell; and desired I would indulge him: the constable thought it dangerous to carry him to Bridewell, on account of a rescue; for it was said, that he had been there several times.
Q. Did you get the book again?
Copeland. Yes, it was brought to me by a sailor, and he trembled very much; said he, is not your name Copeland? I said, yes. Said he, have not you lost a will and powers ? I said, yes. He said, that he wanted something for finding it, but I would not give him any thing. I said, let the person come, and I will satisfy him for it. Afterwards a woman came with the book wrapped up in a sheet of paper, all over dirt; and asked me a crown for picking it up; I told her, I did not know whether it was proper to give her anything, and I did not give her any thing, and she went away very angry.
Q. Are you sure the Prisoner at the bar is the man that took it out of your pocket?
Copeland. I am sure of it.
Prisoner. Ask him whether he saw the book in my hand.
Copeland . Yes, I did; I saw it in his hand in this manner, as if he took a glance at it to see what it was



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


