






468, 469. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lee 
                  



               
            , both late of London



, were indicted for that 


               they in the parish of St. Sepulcher


, in the King's highway, 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Davis 
                        




                      
                   did put in fear, and take from him one man's hat, val 5 s.
            
June 14
.


                  John 
                  Davis 
               



            . I live at Hoxton; I had been to receive some money at the other end of the town, but it was too late when I set out for home to bring my money with me, so I left it behind me. I set out from Charing-cross about twelve o'clock at night. I made the best of my way home, and coming down Fleet-street


 I met with the two prisoners at the bar with two or three more lads, and two women with them; they wanted to jo in my company going along; the biggest of these two lads picked my pocket of a handkerchief, and on putting my hand in my pocket, he gave it me no more words pass'd between us. I went down the New-market, they follow'd me, and seem'd to be going up ow-hill, so I went Chick-lane way, and stopping to make water at the upper end of the lane I observed a lusty man among them, and the rest were boys: this man came and struck me a blow on the side of my head with his fist, then they all fell upon me: the biggest of these prisoners struck me across the face with a stick, and would have pull'd off my hat and wig; finding them going, I got fast hold of my wig: I told them I had no money and turn'd about and saw my hat in the biggest of the prisoner's hand: the lusty man and the women run down the alley, and these two prisoners run towards Smithfield, and I followed them. I cry'd out, stoy thief! and run after them, and at the corner of Cow-lane the biggest was stop'd by a watchman, and another watchman took the other in Hosier-lane. The two prisoners were brought to me, and I said to the constable I knew them both; he saw what a sad condition they had made me in; they were sent to the Counter directly.
Q. Was you sober?
Davis. I was, my lord.


                  Edward 
                  Cruce 
               



            . I am a watchman, I heard him cry stop thief! seeing a boy come running I stop'd him, and when we came to see the prosecutor, he was much bruis'd, having several cuts on his head and forehead.


                  Edward 
                  Phipps 
               



            . I am a watchman in Hosier-lane, between the hours of one and two the 14th of last month, I heard the cry; stop thief, and heard somebody running up the lane; I put my lanthorn on the ground, and said, if he did not stop I'd knock him down; he said he liv'd on the other side of the water; then I took him back to where I heard the noise, and found the prosecutor in a sad condition: said I, do you know any thing of this lad, I found him running? yes, said he, that is one of those who robbed me, and desir'd I'd not let him go.
Smith's defence. Coming down the New-market, said the prosecutor to the young woman, will you drink any thing? where are you going? saying, you shall go along with me: she run into an entry, and he after her; she run down the alley: said he to a young man follow her and fetch her out; he took him by the collar and they both fell a fighting, and I stood on the other side of the way.
Prisoner Lee's Defence. I never saw any of them 'till the watchman took me in Hosier-lane.
Smith said, he was between 13 and 14 Years old, and Lee said he would be 13 next St. Andrew's day.




               Guilty of Felony and acquitted of the robbery
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


