





441. + 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               privately stealing the inside Work of a Watch, value 3l. the Goods of 
                     
                        Theophilus 
                        Swift 
                     




                    , from his Person
            , Sept. 16
.
Theophilus Swift . On the 16th of September , about eleven at Night, as I was coming through St Paul's Church-Yard


, I was insulted, or assaulted, by the Prisoner and another; he jostled me almost down, and before I could recover myself, he got hold of my Watch, and drew it out. I felt it go, and I immediately cry'd out; the Villain has stole my Watch; I had a Friend with me, who pursued the Prisoner up Cannon-Alley, into Queen's Head-Alley; he fell down, we seized him, and saw the Watch lying within a Yard of him. I am sure the Prisoner is the Man; he never was out of my Sight 'till he was taken.
Prisoner. Ask him, whether he was sober at this time?
Swift . I was; that declares itself, otherwise I could not have missed the Watch so soon.
Prisoner. Ask him, if he did not say, he could not tell which of the Men took his Watch?
Swift . No, I always said he was the Person; I saw his Hand go down to my Pocket, and when he drew it out, I felt him.
Prisoner. By what Circumstances is he sure that I am the Man?
Swift . The Man that put his Hand down to my Pocket, was the Person I pursued.


                  Thomas 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I was with the Prosecutor when this happened, and saw the 2 Men come along; I gave Way to them: The Prisoner ran against Swift, and he immediately said, the Villain is gone with my Watch; I followed him through an Alley, and half Way up another, he fell over two or three Steps, and then I laid hold on him; he cry'd out he was robbed of his Hat and Wig, which were lost in the Fall; the Watch was found lying not a Yard and half from the Prisoner. I am sure the Man that came up to the Prosecutor is the same Person I took; for there was nobody between him and me all the Pursuit.
Prisoner. Ask him whether it is probable that I could throw the Watch away, when he followed me so close?
Thompson. By the Force of the Fall, the Watch might fly out of his Hand.


                  William 
                  Gibbon 
               



             . I live in Queen's-Head-Alley , where the Prisoner was taken, and saw him fall; I went, and took hold of him, and saw the Watch lying within a Yard of him.
Defence . I was going through the Yard, in my Way home, and saw the Prosecutor, and that Gentleman together; a Person came up, and jostled Mr. Swift , and ran away; I ran after him up this Alley, and in the Pursuit I fell down, and they came and took me.
The Reverent Mr 
               
                  James 
                  Pattison 
               



             . I have known the Prisoner 24, or 25 Years, and never heard of any ill Action done by him. He was put to no Trade, but was bred a Scholar
, in Writing and Book-keeping. His Father was a very honest Gentleman.


                  Henry 
                  Bean 
               



            . I have known him 20 Years, His general Character is, that he has lived by Writing. I never heard any ill of him till he was taken up.


                  William 
                  Bracken 
               



             had known the Prisoner 7 or 8 Years, and that he always bore a good character.


                  Edward 
                  Harvey 
               



             had known him 7 Years, and never heard an ill character of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Cutler 
               



            . He used to come down to the Gate-house to write for the Keeper, and has been honest to us. I can't say I have never heard a bad character of him; but I know no ill of him, of my own Knowledge. 

               Guilty
             Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


