





493. 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Price 
                  



               
            , of St. Michael Cornhill


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of a man unknown, privately from his person
            , September 14
.


                  William 
                  Dutton 
               



             . On Wednesday the 14th of September , about ten o'clock in the morning, as I was going up Cornhill


, I saw a man follow a gentleman, and pick his pocket of a silk handkerchief.
Q. Who was that gentleman?
Dutton. I cannot tell who he was.
Q. Did you acquaint the gentleman with it?
Dutton. No, I could not, for if I had acquainted him with it, I had lost sight of the prisoner at the bar; and I called to another person to stop him, and he was taken.
Q. Can you swear that to be the handkerchief, that was taken from the Gentleman?
Dutton. I observed the handkerchief before, for I saw the corner of it hang out of his pocket, and it has been in my custody ever since; and the person that seized him, and I, carried him before my Lord Mayor directly, and he was committed.
Q. Did you ever find the gentleman out?
Dutton. I advertised it in the next day's Advertiser, and he came once, but never came again afterwards.


                  Thomas 
                  Bird 
               



            . On the 14th of September, I was talking to a gentleman by the Mansion-house, and I saw Mr. Dutton pursuing the prisoner, and calling after him, and crying step their; I stopped him, and saw him take the handkerchief either out of his bosom, or out of his pocket; and I saw the prisoner throw it away.
Q. Do you know who picked it up?
Bird. I think Mr. Dutton picked it up.
Q. What did the prisoner say then?
Bird. He said he was an apprentice to a watchmaker
, and that his mistress and he had some difference, and he came away: he said it was the first time, and he never would do so any more; his master and another gentleman have been with us, and they said they belived it was the first fact that he had committed.
Q. Who is your master?
Prisoner. Mr. Collins.
Q. Are not you apprentice with him now?
Prisoner, No; he did not use me well.




               Guilty, 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


