






298, 299. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Sullivan 
                  



                
             , and 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Dixon 
                  



               
             , of St. Giles's in the Fields



, were indicted for 


               stealing a gold ring, value 20 s. a leather purse, value 1 d. and 3 s. 2 d. in money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Mynet 
                  




                
             , June 8
.


                  Thomas 
                  Mynet 
               



            . The Prisoners took a gold ring off my finger, a purse and 3 s. 2 d. out of my pocket, I think it was the 8th day of this month.
Q. Where was you with these women?
Mynet. It was in a house.
Q. What time of the day was it?
Mynet. It was in the morning very early.
Q. I hope you had no bed-fellow that night but your wife?
Mynet. She was no wife for me at all that night.
Q. Was you in bed that night at that house?
Mynet. I was down upon the bed.
Q. I suppose these women were tumbling-upon the bed with you?
Mynet. Yes, they were; I was a little in liquor, and I suppose we were all middlingly in drink.
Q. If you were in drink, how can you remember this?
Mynet. I was not so much in liquor but that I could very well remember what they did - I found Dixon in the house of office in the lost above.
Q. Did they take it from you by force?
Mynet . Yes; they did.


                  Henry 
                  Townley 
               



            . I am the officer who was charged with them: this ring I took from 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Dixon 
               



            , it was tied up in the tail of her smock, and she untied her smock, and gave it me.
Mynet. That is the ring they took from me.
Q. to Townley. Did you take any money upon her?
Townley . No; I did not search her, she gave me this ring, and wanted me to let her go - the first person I was charged with was 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Sullivan 
               



            , and she said the countryman gave her the ring, and she took a slight brass ring off her finger and pretended that was the ring that Mynet gave her. The countryman [Mynet] swore before the Justice that Sullivan took it, and gave it to the other, and she ran down stairs with it; he described the woman very plain, that I should have known her. We could find no body in the house, but Mynet found 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Dixon 
               



             between the cieling of the vault and the tiling
Q. Is Dixon the person that took it?
Townley . He swore to both of them - 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Dixon 
               



             was hid in the lost of the house of office.
Prisoner Sullivan. I went up with a pot of beer, and I found Dixon and he in the action; he told her he had no money, but he would give her the ring.
Dixon . He lay with me, he said he was short of money, and he gave me the ring: there was a woman in the house who saw him give it me; he said in the morning he must have the ring, for it was his mother's ring, and I told him if he would give me the money for it, he should have it. Both 

               guilty
            *.
*The ring, &c. being taken from the prosecutor by force, he might have laid this indictment for a robbery , which would have been a capital offence .





[Transportation. See summary.]


