





+ 25. 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Longdon 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing eighteen pounds, fourteen shillings, and sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Billing 
                        




                      
                  , out of his dwelling-house
            , Oct. the 22d
.


                  John 
                  Billing 
               



            . The Prisoner was my servant
 for a fortnight, I live in East-Smithfield


, the Prisoner went from my service the 23d of October. I lost eighteen pounds, fourteen shillings, and sixpence, seven guineas, two half-guineas, and five and twenty half-crowns, &c. I lost all this money from my chest of drawers in my chamber, I kept the drawers lockt, I saw the money the same day he went away.
Q. Did you tell the money?
Billing. Yes, I told it that day, and when I lookt into the drawers, I found my money gone; the Prisoner opened it with an instrument made the next door; I lit of him the next morning at Carnaby-market, as I was enquiring after him, by a country-woman, and while we were speaking she said, there he goes by, and I went and seized him; he had bought new clothes and a wigg; I told him if he would produce the remainder of the money I would be favourable to him, and he produced eleven pounds, fourteen shillings; I took him before the Justice, and he confest he took all the money and had bought new clothes with the rest of the money and a watch he had bought, which I got of him; some of the pieces I could swear to.


                  Richard 
                  Sturdy 
               



            . I am clerk to Justice Dennet, we could not get a word out of him in half an hour, but at last he owned he broke open the chest.



                  Thomas 
                  Longdon 
               



            . I am brother to the Prisoner, my Lord, I never knew any harm of him before, but he was drawn aside by a lewd woman.


                  Francis 
                  Harford 
               



            . I have known him and his parents for many years, and he has a good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not of privately stealing out of the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


