





328. 
               
                  Evy
                   otherwise 
                  
Evan Evans



             of St Ann Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing 3 large Silver Spoons, val. 30 s. 3 Tea-Spoons val. 3 s. and 1 Salt-Spoon val. 6 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Sophia 
                     Wills 
                  




                
            , June 28
.


                  Margaret 
                  Clark 
               



            . I live with Mrs Wills as her upper Servant; I lost 7 Spoons in the Whole; I missed them on Tuesday was Se'nnight; I have 2 of them, but some were sold; the Prisoner confessed that he took a large Spoon and a Tea-Spoon out of the Pantry, and likewise, that on Tuesday last he took another large Spoon with a Coat of Arms, and a Salt-Spoon out of the Kitchen, and he owned the taking a large Silver Spoon about 3 Weeks before - He owned the stealing this large Silver Spoon on Tuesday last: Mrs Wills took him into the House, and clothed him till she could get a Place for him to go to Sea.


                  Isaac 
                  Callow 
               



            . I am a Silversmith; the Prisoner came with this Bit of a broken Spoon, as I was standing at my Door in the Evening, with a very plausible Story, and said he had found it in Tottenham-Court Road, and did not know whether it was Silver, and desired to be inform'd; it being battered so, I could not readily tell which, I told him it was Silver; he asked me whether I would buy it; I asked him whether he had got a Father and Mother, he said that he had, and that they lived in Cary-Court in Drury-Lane; I asked him whether it was not his Father's, he said no; and the Boy that was with him claimed half of it, and said they found it; I could not tell whether it was good or bad Silver; there was an Ounce and a Quarter, and I gave him 5 s. and 6 d. for it.


                  John 
                  Thrift 
               



            . On Wednesday Night the Prisoner came into the Coal Yard, with another Boy who was going to Tothill Fields Bridewell, and the Prisoner said he would give me a Shilling to go with him to get the Bowl of a Spoon which was stopped, and to say I was his Father. I said, if he would stay a Minute, I would get a Person to do it. I took them both by the Collar; got a Constable and secured him.
Q. What Business are you?
Thrift. I am the Executioner.
Q. What! 
               
                  Jack 
                  Ketch 
               



             ?
Thrift. Yes.


                  John 
                  Hyat 
               



            . On Wednesday Night I was in the Coal-Yard, and 
               
                  John 
                  Thrift 
               



             catched me with the Prisoner, but the Boy owned nothing to me about the Spoon.


                  Thomas 
                  Evans 
               



            . The Prisoner is my Son; he is 13 Years of Age come November next; he has been from under my Care a great while; I was not able to maintain him; he was brought up next Door to Madam Wills, who has been very kind to him, and I am very sorry he has disobliged her: I will take Care to send him abroad; I have an Acquaintance a Captain of a Ship that will take him. I beg your Lordship will give me Leave to send him abroad.
The Prisoner's Mother in Law said, she had been very kind to him, and had often given him Money to keep him out of Temptations, and that she is very sorry he is so unhappy as to be here. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


