





230. + 
               
                  
                     Mary Lhuillier 
                     Iyres 
                  



               
            , of St. George in Middlesex


, was indicted for 


               stealing two Linnen Aprons, val. 10 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Salter 
                        



                      
                  ; two Sheets, val. 10 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Morris 
                        



                      
                  ; one Shirt, val 20 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Palmer 
                        



                      
                  ; one Shirt, val. 20 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Blenham 
                        



                      
                  ; a Handkerchief, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Vanhust 
                        



                      
                  ; and one Dimitty Waistcoat, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Goswell 
                        



                      
                  , in the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Hedges 
                     



, Feb. 17
.


                  Ann 
                  Haynes 
               



            . 
               
                  Mary Lhuilleir 
                  Ayres 
               



            , washed and ironed
 for me twelve Months, in the Dwelling-House of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hedges 
               



            ; she took two Linnen Aprons belonging to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Salter 
               



            , and the other Goods mentioned in the Indictment belonging to several Persons. I used to send her for the Linnen, and when they were delivered to her, she took them out of the Bundle and pawned them; several Things were missing, and I told her the Persons that owned them pressed me for them; and last Christmas I paid fourteen Shillings for these two Aprons. The next thing I lost was a Shirt, but I could not find that, but I found one that was lost since. - She did not bring the Things Home to me; she washed for me and another Mistress. - She sold a Shirt for three Half-Crowns; this Handkerchief belongs to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Vanbust 
               



            ; this is 
               
                  William 
                  Blenham 
               



            's Shirt.


                  Margaret 
                  Asbridge 
               



            . I bought this Shirt of Mrs Ayres, she washed for me about two Years, and was always very honest to me. She came to me one Day, and told me she could help me to a very good Shirt, which would be a Pennyworth; I think it was the 17th or 18th of February; she said it was in Pawn for five Shillings; she desired I would let her have the Money to fetch it, so I let her have a Crown, and she fetched it. I asked her what she must have for it, she said I should allow her what I thought proper, and I allowed her three Half-Crowns for it I did buy something else of her, but nothing belonging to the Owners of these Things. I shewed them some other Things, but they did not own them.
Eslher Kennian. The Prisoner's Sister gave me a Handkerchief to pawn, and I pawned it; the Prisoner bid me pawn it for Eighteen-pence, but I could not get so much; and I gave the Money to the Prisoner. This is like the Handkerchief - I cannot say it is the Handkerchief.


                  Ann 
                  Buckley 
               



            . Mrs. Haynes is my Aunt. The Prisoner owned the pawning of the two Aprons, said it was by my Aunt's Order, but she did not own the pawning of any thing else; they were pawned to Mr Rawlins in Long-Acre, but he is not here; there is but one Shirt found.
Prisoner. Mrs Haynes sent me into Long-Acre, and I asked her for Money to pay for my Child's Nursing; she said she had but half a Crown in her Pocket; but said she, Ayres, you shall have it; but said she, What shall I do for Soap? You must go and pawn this Shirt for a Crown, but I could pawn it but for half a Crown; and I could buy Soap at one Place a Half-penny a Pound cheaper than I could any where else; and I bought six Pound at five-pence per Pound, and sent it Home - She often sent me to pawn Things for her.
Q. to Haynes. Did you consent to her pawning any Thing for half a Crown to buy Soap?
Haynes. There is nothing at all in it.
Prisoner. There was no Body but Mrs Haynes and I together, when the Aprons were pawned. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


