





+ 42. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Norman 
                  



               
            *, of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing twenty four Pound Weight of Cheshire Cheese, value 6 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eleanor 
                           Hudson 
                        




                      
                  , in her Shop
            , Nov. 13.
*He was tried last September Sessions, for robbing a Waggon belonging to Sir 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Cope 
               



            , Bart. and acquitted. See Trial 402. Page 233.


                  Eleanor 
                  Hudson 
               



            . On Sunday the 13th of November, about a Quarter before nine o'Clock at Night, I saw the Prisoner in the Shop stooping down with the Cheese in his Hands, I saw his long Back, and called out, Thieves, for God's Sake help, and he threw the Cheese over the Hatch into the Highway; I clapped my Arms round his Waist, and held him till People came to my Assistance; in the Struggle I fell down, and he fell upon me, about two Yards from the Street Door .


                  Ann 
                  Wallis 
               



            . I was drinking Tea with Mrs. Hudson, she went out into the Shop, and I heard Murder and Thieves cried; the Prisoner had been struggling with Mrs. Hudson, upon the Ground, and was got up again; he went to slip out at the Street Door, she had caught him hold by the Collar, and I took hold of him, and then he said, Take Care young Woman, do not drink too much Blood, for Fear in Time it should choak you - I saw the Cheese delivered into the Shop again over the Hatch, but I did not see him throw it out; when he came before the Justice, he asked Mrs. Hudson, whether she would go to the brown Bear , and drink, and make it up.
Prisoner. Are you sure I am the Person Mrs. Hudson had hold of?
Wallis. I am sure you are the Person, for Mrs. Hudson never let go her hold of you till such Time as the Constable came up.


                  Ann 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner crawl along the Shop, and thought it was a Dog, for he crawled so low, that I thought it was impossible for a Man to do so; when I saw Mrs. Hudson run the length of the Shop, it struck into my Mind that what I saw crawling along was a Thief; I looked through the Sash, and saw the Prisoner throw the Cheese over the Hatch into the Street.
- Oliver. I saw the Prisoner and Mrs. Hudson struggling together in the Shop, about two Yards from the Hatch; they fell down, and the Prisoner was uppermost, she had him hold by the Collar, Lord have Mercy upon me, says she, what one Robbery after another; for she lost a Cannister of Tea not long before.
Prisoner. My Lord, I was coming by her Door, and hearing a Person cry out Thieves, I went to her Assistance, and she very readily received me into her Arms; I am now brought before your Lordship, and have no Person to appear for me, my Friends are all in the Country.
Hudson . He has a Matter of twenty four of the Heads of Covent Garden that know him, and never a one will come in his Favour. 


               Guilty 4 s, 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


