






410, 411. +
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Sykes 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Proctor 
                  



                
            , of St Martin in the Fields



  , were indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Elway 
                        




                     
                  , on the Highway, and taking from her a Pair of Silver Ear-rings, a Silver Locket, a Gown, a Petticoat and Cap
            , the Goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Elway 
               



            , July 19
.


                  Eleanor 
                  Elway 
               



            . On the 19th of July my Child was robbed between six and seven in the Evening; I took my Child next Morning to Westminster, to see if any of her Cloaths hung out to sell, and going down St Martin's Lane, says my Child, There's the two Girls that stripped me; I laid hold of them both and asked them, how they could do such a Thing; they made no Opposition, but said, If I would be easy, and not make a Noise, they would tell me where the Things were; and Mr Cartwright went with me to the Place where I got these Ear-rings, which they robbed my Child of.


                  Thomas 
                  Cartwright 
               



            . I belong to the Board of Green-cloth; I told the Prisoners if they knew where the Things were, they had better tell me; they told me they had pawned them in St Martin's Lane, where I found the Petticoat; the Gown and Cap were not found, but the Ear-rings were pledged at a Silversmiths, in Long-Acre.


                  Mary 
                  Scot 
               



            . Both the Prisoners worked for me in stitching Stays a great while: I always took them to be very honest.


                  Jane 
                  Coates 
               



            . Sykes lived with me 12 Months, I never heard any Harm of her.


                  Ann 
                  Bulman 
               



            . I have known Sykes, ever since she was four Years old, and never knew any Dishonesty by her in my Life.


                  Ann 
                  Sykes 
               



            's Father said, he never heard that she was guilty of any such Thing before. 


               Guilty of the Felony, Acquitted of the Robbery
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


