





87. 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Featherstone 
                  



               
            , of St. Peter Cheap


, was indicted for 


               stealing one truss, containing ten dozen, of woollen hose, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Stroud 
                  




                
            , December 19
.


                  Richard 
                  Stroud 
               



            . I am a porter to carriers at the Cross Keys Inn in Wood-Street
, and was intrusted with these goods.
Q. And are you answerable for them?
Stroud . Yes.
Q. Did you at any time lose any hose?
Stroud. Yes. I am porter to the Kidderminster Waggon , and on the 19th of December last I lost a truss of hose out of the inn-yard.
Q. Do you know what quantity there was in that truss ?
Stroud. I believe there were twenty dozen, but I am sure there were ten dozen.
Q. What reason have you to think the Prisoner was concerned in taking them?
Stroud. I had sent my brother of an errand into the Old-Jewry, and when he came back from thence , he said there was a man gone out with a parcel of stockings, and asked me whether I had delivered any to him. I said I had not; I followed the Prisoner, and saw him with a bag, and about one hundred yards from the Inn gate in Wood-Street , he turned up into Gold-Street; I saw him with the bag of stockings upon his back or shoulders, and I saw him drop the stockings.
Q. Did you take him?
Stroud . Yes, I pursued him and took him; he run out of Gold-Street into Gutter-Lane, and came into Cheapside ; I took him among the coachmen in Cheapside, and I never lost sight of him till I took him.
Q. What time was this?
Stroud. It was about six or seven at night .
Q. What clothes had the man on that you saw with the bag of stockings?
Stroud. I think he had not all the same clothes on then as he has now, but the man had a white dussled coat, such as the Prisoner has on.
Q. Who took him?
Stroud. My brother and I did.
Q. Did you or your brother take the stockings up?
Stroud. I ordered my brother to take them up.
Q. Did you stay to see him take them up?
Stroud . No.
Q. When you took the Prisoner, did any discourse pass between you and him?
Stroud. He said he was not the person.
Q. Did you ask him how he came to run away?
Stroud . He did run away, and I cried out stop thief , and the Prisoner he cried out stop thief too.
Q. You are sure of what you say?
Stroud. I know something of Christian knowledge, and I would not swear falsely.
Q. Did you see any body go before the Prisoner?
Stroud. No, there was no body but my brother, myself, and the Prisoner.
Q. Did he take them out of the warehouse?
Stroud. They were never put into the warehouse, they lay in the inn-yard.
Q. Where were these stockings to be delivered?
Stroud. They were, as far as I can find out, to go to the Swan at Holbourn-Bridge, to go to an other carrier.
Q. Is your brother your servant?
Stroud . Yes.
Q. Did you-take all the stockings out of the waggon?
Stroud. My brother and I did; we took out six trusses of stockings.


                  Henry 
                  Stroud 
               



            . I am brother of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Stroud 
               



             on the 19th of December, I went with a pot of butter to Mr. Robinson's in the Old-Jury, and then I went to the Cross Keys in Wood-Street; it was between six and seven, and I saw the Prisoner turning out of the inn with a bag of stockings upon his back or shoulder.
Q. Did you know the Prisoner before?
Stroud. I did not know him till my brother had taken him, and he had on a double-breasted lapel waistcoat.
Q. You say you came into the inn between six and seven?
Stroud. Yes, and I saw the Prisoner with a bag of stockings at his back, just turning out of the inn-gate.
Q. Look at the Prisoner at the bar, are you sure that is the man?
Stroud. I am sure he is the man.
Q. How did you know him?
Stroud. By the lamp.
Q. Is there a lamp at the inn-gate?
Stroud. There is a light within the inn-gate.
Q. Did you see his face?
Stroud. No, but I am positive he is the man, for he was never out of my sight , till he dropped the stockings .
Q. Did you acquaint your brother with it?
Stroud. I said to my brother, Richard, have you delivered out a bag of stockings ? No, said he: said I, there is a bag gone; I followed the Prisoner, and he had like to have tumbled the stockings upon me.

Q. Did you lose sight of the Prisoner till he dropped the stockings?
Stroud. I did lose sight of him a little while to be sure.
Q. When you asked your brother whether he had sent any stockings out, you followed the man you say, and you are sure you did not lose sight of him till he dropped the stockings?
Stroud. Yes; and I took the stockings, and carried them back to the warehouse: I did not pursue the man, my brother took him; he had on a light coloured coat, and a little light bob wig.
Prisoner's Coun. Are you positive to the man?
Stroud. Yes, I am. I know the world something.


                  Absalom 
                  Gibbons 
               



            . I am a news-man; I was coming out of the Horns in Gutter-Lane, on the saturday before Christmas-day, it was the 19th of Dec. between six and seven o'clock, and I heard a cry of stop thief; I saw the Prisoner running along, no body run before the Prisoner. I turned about, and saw him turn out of Cheapside, into St. Paul's Church-yard ; I run after him, and cried, stop thief; and he cried, stop thief too; and in a minute's time he was taken.
Q. What clothes had he on?
Gibbons. A light coloured coat, a double breasted waistcoat, and a light wig.
Q. Are you sure the Prisoner is the man you saw pursued?
Absalom . Yes.
Q. Did you see any stockings upon him?
Absalom . No, I saw no stockings.
Prisoner. I never cried out stop thief, till I came out of Gutter-Lane, into Cheapside ; and then I cried out, stop thief, as well as them; and I had a duffled coat on then, as I have now.


                  Richard 
                  Stroud 
               



            . He said before my Lord-Mayor, that another porter helped him up with the bag of stockings upon his back; and he said, that the man was not to be found.
Q. Did you ever at any time say before my Lord-Mayor, that another porter helped you up with the bag of stockings?
Prisoner. No. He accused the book keeper with this.
Q. to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Stroud 
               



            . Did you ever accuse any body else but the Prisoner;
Stroud. I never did.
Q. to the Prisoner . What are you?
Prisoner. I am a bricklayer, and in winter time I follow chair work. I live by Grosvenor-square.
Q. What brought you to the Cross-Keys Inn in Wood street?
Prisoner. I was not there, I was going down Gutter-Lane, into Barbican ; I had been to enquire after a relation in Spittle-fields .
Prisoner's defence.


                  James 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I am a peruke-maker , and live in Prince's-street, by Lincoln's-Inn-Fields.
Q. What, a master?
Reynolds. No, a journeyman. I live with Mr Gould.
Q. Look at the Prisoner. Do you know any thing of that man?
Reynolds . No. I was informed, that Mr. Gascoign's waggon, the Worcester waggon, put up at the Cross-Keys Inn; I enquired, and they told me, the Worcester waggon did not put up there , but the Worcestershire waggon did. There was somebody came into the Inn, and asked the Porter whether he had delivered out any parcel or bundle , and he said, no. They said, there was something lost, and that there was a man run away; the porter run out of the Inn after him, I was close at the porter's heels , but he was out of sight of every one; I lost sight of him at the corner of Gold-street, the next turning to the Cross-Keys Inn , in Wood-street.
Q. Did you see any man with a bundle upon his back ?
Reynolds . No, I did not.
Q. You said just now, you lost sight of him.
Reynolds. When I was before my Lord-Mayor, I told his Lordship, I saw more than any body; what I swear now is, that when he came to the corner of the street, I lost sight of him. I cannot say it was the Prisoner at the bar .
Q. What do you mean by losing sight?
Reynolds. And please your Lordship, you have critical words, and I don't understand them.


                  John 
                  Morris 
               



             . I am a block-maker , and live in Little-Wild-Street, I was going down Wood-Street about seven o'clock to buy some brass in Old-Bethlem, and at the Cross Keys Inn, in Wood-Street, I saw a man go out with a bundle; the evening was dark; the man had on a light great coat, and he was pursued; the Prisoner, if it was him, threw down the bundle, and run away, and they pursued him to the end of Golden-Lane [that is Gold-Street.]
Q. And did you run after him?
Morris. Yes, but I could not see any thing of him.
Q. So you pursued him?
Morris. Yes.
Q. What did you pursue him for?

Morris. Because they cried out stop thief ; then the man went into Gutter-Lane, at the corner of Golden-Lane or Gold-Street, and they all lost sight of him. The man that I saw with the stockings was a little man.
Q. How came you to come here?
Morris. I heard the next day that the man was committed, and thinking him not the same man, I went to inform him of it.
Q. Did you know that before you saw him?
Morris. Yes, because they said it was a lusty fat man.


                  David 
                  Morris 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Moore 
               



            , a druggist in Wood-Street, and what we commonly call a porter.
Q. Are you any relation to 
               
                  John 
                  Morris 
               



            ?
Morris. No relation at all.
Q. What do you know of this affair ?
Morris. I know nothing of the affair.
Q. Do you know any thing of the Prisoner?
Morris. I know nothing of him.
Q. Do you know any thing of the man that took the stockings?
Morris. I do not.
Q. How came you to come here ?
Morris. My master gave me leave to come here, at the desire of the person who asked him.
Q. Who was that person that desired him?
Morris . 
               
                  John 
                  Morris 
               



            , my Lord; I have a subpoena ; he told me I must come; I told him I knew nothing of the matter .
Q. to 
               
                  John 
                  Morris 
               



            . Who did subpoena this witness?


                  John 
                  Morris 
               



            . I did subpoena him.
Q. to 
               
                  David 
                  Morris 
               



            . Did he tell you what you was to come for?
Morris. No, he told me nothing of the matter.
Q. Tell me what he said to you when he gave the subpoena.
Morris. He told me I should be accused concerning the Prisoner at the bar, for helping the man up with the parcel .


                  John 
                  Morris 
               



             called again.
Q. What did you mean by subpoenaing this man?


                  John 
                  Morris 
               



             . The attorney gave me a subpoena, and said I must summon him here.
The subpoena was produced in Court, which was dated 1730, and the two last figures were erazed , and altered to 1747.


                  John 
                  Brittle 
               



            . My father is a carrier, and lives at Kidderminster .
Q. Was you by when this fact happened?
Brittle , No, my Lord.
Q. What can you say to it then?
Brittle. I was in Newgate last Sunday, and my father's brother was with me; my father had heard that the things were stolen out of the waggon - I ask pardon; these goods were delivered to my father in the country, and booked to him; he could not put them into his waggon , so he got another carrier to put them up, and he was to have carried them to the Saracen's Head on Snow-Hill , but there was a mistake, and they were left at the Cross Keys Inn. My father was at Newgate with the Prisoner one day, and my uncle another.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner at the bar?
Brittle. No, I do not know him, neither does my father.
Q. What brought you here?
Brittle. I could not help coming, my Lord.
Q. Who subpoenaed you?
Brittle. The man's wife.
Q. Whose wife?
Brittle. The Prisoner's wife.


                  George 
                  White 
               



            . I live at the Three Golden Sugar Loaves in Park Street, by Grosvenor-Square; the Prisoner lodged with me constantly for five years, except one quarter. I never kept my door open after ten o'clock at night, but he had a key, and used to let himself in at ten or eleven o'clock.
Q. What is his character?
White. I believe very good; I have intrusted him in my house with a great many goods; he has borrowed two or three guineas at a time of me, and always paid me again.
Q. Did you ever hear any thing against his character?
White. No, I never heard any thing, but that he was a very worthy honest man.
Q. You was not in Wood-Street then?
White. No, and I was very much surprized when I heard it. I know some of his friends at York, and they say he always behaved well .
Q. What are you?
White. I keep a chandler's shop.


                  William 
                  Taplin 
               



             . I know the Prisoner very well.
Q. Where do you live?
Taplin. I live at the Cock and Bottle in Upper Brook-Street, by Grosvenor-Street.
Q. What character does he bear ?
Taplin. A very good one; I never heard any thing but that he had a good character.
Q. What business is he?
Taplin. He is a chairman.

Q. Do you keep a publick house ?
Taplin. Yes, and I keep a figure in the street .


                  Thomas 
                  Fisher 
               



            . I am a plumber , and live in the house with 
               
                  George 
                  White 
               



            , at the Three Sugar Loaves . I have lived with him there between four and five years; he always bore an honest character, and was always looked upon to be a very honest fellow.
Q. Are you a master-plumber?
Fisher. No


                  Hannah 
                  Matthews 
               



            . I am a lodger in Mr. White's house; I have lived there almost four years.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner?
Matthews. The Prisoner was a lodger in the house before I came there, and always bore a good character, for what I ever heard; and he always behaved well in the house.
Q. Had you any reason to suspect his being loose ?
Matthews . No, I have a great deal of reason to say that he is a very honest man; for I have left my door open days after days, and the Prisoner lives over me; I have a hundred pounds of linnen, and I never lost any.
Q. What a hundred pounds worth of linnen?
Matthews. Not at one time.


                  Robert 
                  Lees 
               



            . I live in Chapel Street; I am a chairman; I have known the Prisoner about five years, I never heard any ill of him in my life.


                  William 
                  Ruscoe 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner between five and six years, he always bore a very good character, and was always a very civil man.
Q. What is he?
Ruscoe. He acts as a chairman.
Pris. I came out of my house about four o' clock, with a design to go to Gravel-Lane to see my sister, but she was gone to Portsmouth; and was going afterwards to Barbican, when this happened.
- Rennison. I have known the Prisoner several years, he has a very good character, and always behaved well, and I do believe he is wrong accused.
Jury to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Stroud 
               



            . Did you see the Prisoner drop the bundle?


                  Richard 
                  Stroud 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner drop the bundle .
Jury. From the time of his dropping the bundle , did you ever lose sight of him?


                  Richard 
                  Stroud 
               



            . No, I never did.
Jury. Did you see any other person in Gutter-Lane at that time?


                  Richard 
                  Stroud 
               



             . No.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


