





382. + 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  King 
               



            , of Fulham


, was indicted for 


               stealing two silver spoons, value 10 s. two shirts, 10 s. a pair of stays, 20 s. eight handkerchiefs, 4 s. three pair of stockings, 2 s. a cloak, 1 s. two aprons, 2 s. and a shift, 2 s. 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Guy 
                           Taylor 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling house
            , July 1
.


                  Guy 
                  Taylor 
               



            . The Prisoner was my servant
; I hired her about the 29th of last June, and the 1st of July she robbed me. I went to bed on Saturday night between nine and ten, and got up between four and five on Sunday morning, and my doors were all open and the maid gone: I sent four horses and four men after her, and found her at the tollhouse at Putney-Bridge , and she had on aprons, caps and handkerchiefs of my wife's.
Q. Had she more caps than one on?
Taylor . No, but one cap.


                  Martha 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I lost two new shirts, one made the other unmade, these were lost out of my work basket; most of the things were in her room. She was taken on Monday morning, and on Tuesday morning I went to her to the toll-house, and found some handkerchiefs upon her, and a shift which she had on her back; she had likewise my cap, apron, handkerchief, stockings, clogs and cloak on. I asked her how she came to rob me, (I had lent her 2 s. to take a gown out of pawn) she said, because I was to send a woman with her to fetch the gown out of pawn, and she was afraid the woman should tell me her character, and I should turn her away. She sold a parcel of my things for two guineas to Mrs. Bartlow - A pair of stays, two shirts, two spoons, an old gown, and some other things, and took me to the place where she told them .
Prisoner. I desire the guinea and half and 5 s. which I gave to the constable.


                  Martha 
                  Taylor 
               



            . There was a guinea and half and 5 s. given to the constable.


                  Jane 
                  Bartlow 
               



            . The Prisoner brought me a pair of stays, 2 spoons, a shirt, a shift, and some other odd trifling things to sell. I questioned her very much about them. She said, she was a servant, that her mother was dead, and she had no other way to bury her, but by selling her things: and I paid her 2 guineas for them. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


