








388, 389, 390, 391.


                     John 
                     LAMB 
                  



                
            , late of the Parish of St Andrew Holborn





, London, Sexton
; 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bilby 
                  



               
            , late of the same, Grave-Digger
; 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chandler 
                  



                
            , late of the same, Labourer
; and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Hooper 
                  



               
            , late of the same, Labourer
, were indicted; and the Indictment sets forth, that they, on the 22d of September
 last, from the Parish aforesaid, 


               did steal away one Hundred Weight of Lead, value 13 s.
             the Property of Persons unknown.
Council. My Lord, and you Gentlemen of the Jury, This Indictment, against the Prisoners at the Bar, as it imports, upon the reading it, is nothing more than a common Felony; but when the Circumstances of this Case is laid before you, you will find it to be a Crime very uncommon, and very inhuman; 'tis for breaking open the Graves of the Dead, and stealing from thence the Leaden Coffins, in which they are deposited by their Friends. The most hardened at this Bar have some Remorse, some Awakenings, at the Sight of a dead Person; but these People were so far gone in their Villainy, that they attempted to break in upon the Graves of the Dead, and chose that Scene which to all other People would be Matter of Horror and Remorse. I suppose, they were tempted to do it, from that Thought, that the stealing from the Dead was a less Crime than stealing from the Living. They proceeded from one Theft to another, till at last they grew so barefac'd that their own Actions brought this Matter to light. The Defendant 
               
                  John 
                  Lamb 
               



             is the Sexton, 
               
                  William
                   Bilby Grave
               



            -Digger; 
               
                  John 
                  Chandler 
               



             and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hooper 
               



            , were other Persons hired by them, to the Commission of that Theft. You will observe, that Leaden Coffins required Assistance to move, therefore they were forc'd to apply to other People. As for Lamb the Sexton, he has the Command of four Persons in that Parish, who were the common Bearers, therefore he engag'd them in the Service, as being in the Service of the Parish; but that was not sufficient, they wanted more help, therefore Bilby was to take his Share, and he hires the two other Defendants 
               
                  John 
                  Chandler 
               



             and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hooper 
               



             for their Assistance. The Place where the Theft was committed is a Vault in the Parish of St. Andrew, Holborn


. Though they have been, for some time, concerned in this Practice, they could not have many Opportunities of committing Thefts of this Kind; their only time was upon the occasion of Funerals, when the Vault was not closed up till the next Day; that was the time they took away these leaden Coffins. As this could not be very frequent, Lamb and Bilby together laid a Scheme how they might carry off greater Quantities; there was an Accident that gave them a better Opportunity for executing their Scheme: It seems some Water had drained into this Vault, Lamb thereupon applied himself to Mr Barton, Rector of the Parish, to have a Hole made, for this Drain to run off; Mr Barton gave no ear to him; he thought it improper to disturb the Coffins, therefore he refused it; Lamb made a second Application; upon that he sent for his Bricklayer to inspect into the Vault; and, upon his making the Report that there might be Means made use of, he did consent, and gave Orders to his own Bricklayer to make a Hole in the Side of the Wall for that Purpose, and the Hole was accordingly made; the Defendants immediately laid hold of this Opportunity; this Hole is but of a very short Date, in the beginning of September; upon this they frequently went to work, and through the Hole of this Vault, they dragged out the dead Bodies and the Lead; but it was soon discovered by the Constable, who seeing a Light in the Church in the Night-time, he began to suspect there were some evil Doings in the Church; therefore he resolved, the 22d of September, to go to the Church and enquire; accordingly, about one o'Clock in the Morning, he went to the Church; as soon as he came to the Door, Bilby the Grave-digger opened the Door but absolutely refused to let the Constable in, but let out the two Defendants, Chandler and Hooper, with Lead on their Backs. Tho' the Constable applied to Bilby, and told him his Apprehensions that there was something wrong going forwards; yet he absolutely refused his coming in, and gave him for Answer, that it does not signifie, that the Mummy was gone; the Constable was resolved to go in, and in a little time, three Persons concerned in carrying Lead, returned again to the Church; whereupon he took them up, and carried them to the Watch-house; the Constable kept them there, and the next Day they were carried before a Magistrate, and a Warrant was granted him to search the Houses of Lamb and Bilby, where they found Lead and Coffins cut up; upon which they were both taken up, and Bilby acknowledged they had cut up above fourscore Coffins. Gentlemen, if we prove these Things to your Satisfaction, I think you can have no doubt of those People's Design, in cutting up these Coffins and disposing of the Lead, it is impossible they could have any purpose in it but an intent to steal; the Sexton knew these Coffins were deposited there, and to remain there; the very cutting the Coffins to Pieces, is a plain Indication that their Intention in doing of it was the making Money of them; if you have any doubt of that, we can produce a Person to whom they sold this Lead of the Coffins to their own private Gain; if we can prove this, I make no doubt but we shall have your Verdict to punish such wicked Offenders, to make an Example of these Men, to deter others from committing the like Crimes.
Gentlemen, The Punishment attending this Crime is not a Capital one; it is a Felony within the Benefit of the Clergy. But, Gentlemen, I can't help taking Notice to you, that in Lord Coke, almost the only Instance that can be found in Law-Books where this Felony was committed, and he had the Benefit of the Clergy: '' Thus, says he, he escaped the '' Sentence of Death, which he richly deserved for '' his Inhuman and barbarous Felony.''
Council on the same Side. There will be no occasion for us, who are concerned in behalf of the Prosecution, to say any thing by way of Aggravation of the Crime for which the Prisoners stand indicted, the bare mentioning it must strike every one with Horror. I will therefore only add a single Word, in order to warn you from those Notions which some hard-hearted Men have imbibed upon this occasion, that as this Fact was committed on dead Bodies, which knew it not, and which were never the worse for the Robbery, it is great Mitigation of the Offence. But give me leave to assure you, 'tis an Offence and Robbery upon the living. The last Office we can pay to the Memory of a Father or Mother, or any near and dear Relation, is to furnish them with a decent Funeral, that their Bones may lie quiet and undisturbed; and for this we put ourselves to an Expence, and that Expence is often carried into Extravagance, and we receive a Satisfaction from the Thoughts of having so done; if therefore a Robbery is committed of those Things which we purchase at an Expence, for the Sake of this Satisfaction, such as Leaden-coffins, or the like, it is an Infringement upon that Satisfaction, and the Robbery is committed upon us. The Custom of decent Funerals has prevailed in all Ages, and among all Nations, and had it no other Recommendation than the bare employing such a Number of People in it's different Branches, as it does, it ought to be supported. And I am sure, did I want to aggravate the Crimes of the Prisoners, it might easily be done by putting you in mind, that they all of them had no other Way of getting their Bread, than by attending and carrying into Execution, those Rites and Ceremonies which the Decency and Solemnity of a Funeral must require.


                  William 
                  Chauncey 
               



            . I am Constable.
Q. Do you know the Prisoners at the Bar, or any of them?
Chauncey. 
               
                  John 
                  Lamb 
               



             is Sexton, I believe; and 
               
                  William 
                  Bilby 
               



            , he is reputed to me as a Grave-Digger.
Council. Tell us what happen'd on the 22d of September last?
Chauncey. Upon the 22d of September last, between the Hours of ten and eleven at Night, when I came to go down to the Watch-house there were a very great Mob before the Church-gate, and there were Lights in the Vault, and Lights in the Bellfrey of St Andrew's Church, Holborn. I dispers'd that Mob, and sent them about their Business. There was another, and I dispers'd that; and so the Third. Upon that I thought it was not upon a lawful Occasion they were there, and I try'd to get into the Church. One of the Watchmen told me, that he would give Bilby sixteen Pounds for the Share he would make of the Lead this Week. I try'd, my Lord, to get into the Church, by talking to Bilby, and giving him good Words, but I found I could not. I saw him go in and out of the Gate several Times. I saw Hooper and Chandler also come out.
Council. You never saw Lamb.
Chauncey. I never saw Lamb that Night. Bilby told me, he would let me in by and by, when it was proper.
Council. Did you see him come out of the Church?
Chauncey. I saw him open the Door. I saw Chandler, Hooper, and Bagwell, come out with a Load of Lead upon their Shoulders.
Council. How great a Quantity might it be?
Chauncey. I believe there might at least be altogether on Hundred Weight, when they went out at the Church-gate. I met Bilby, and I ask'd him, if I might go in now? He said, Mr Chauncey, you need not go in now, for the Mummy is all gone.
Council. Do you think it was Pieces of Coffins they carried.
Chauncey. I am positive it was Pieces of Coffins. I said to Bilby, you have used me ill, now I will proclaim open War against you. So when these Men came back, Chandler, Hooper, and Bagwell, I took them to the Watch house; and Chandler and Hooper declared, they were employ'd by Bilby to carry the Lead out of St Andrew's Church into his own House.
Q. Did they at that Time say, whether the Coffins had been cut?
Chauncey. I did not ask them any Questions about it when I took them down the Watch-house. When I examin'd them they said, they were employ'd by Bilby. I went up to Bilby's House, and said to him, If you don't give me Satisfaction of what the Men have been about, I will commit them to the Compter. So Bilby said, he work'd under the Instructions of Mr Lamb; and he said, he would go and fetch Mr Lamb; and they came together down to the Watch-house.
Council. About what Time was this?
Chauncey. This was about two o'Clock; they came to pass their Words for these Men.
Q. Did you take their Words?
Chauncey. No, not at all. Mr Lamb then pretended, he had his Orders from Dr Barton, a verbal one. As I was about to carry these People to the Compter I was afraid of doing any Thing that was not right, I sent a Person to Mr Lamb, and he begg'd for God's sake that I would not commit the Men, but that he would take a Bottle with me, and make up the Affair. Alderman Gascoyne was busy, that I could not have a Hearing that Day; but the next Day we had a Hearing before Alderman Ironside, where they confess'd the carrying of the Lead.
Q. Did they all confess the carrying the Lead out of the Vault?
Chauncey. I can't say that Bil by did. Mr Alderman granted me a Search-Warrant, and I went into the House of Bilby the Grave-Digger; there I saw forty-four Pieces of Lead.
Q. Did you find any Thing besides Lead?
Chauncey. There was a few brass Handles, and as many Coffins cut to Pieces as would fill a common Rubbish Cart.
Q. Was you at the Searching of Lamb's House?
Chauncey. Yes, and I found in the House of Lamb the Sexton fifteen Pieces of Leaden Coffins, and two Coffin Plates with Inscriptions.
Q. Are you sure the Lead, found at Lamb's House, was Coffin-lead?
Chauncey. Yes, I am certain of it very well, for it stank enough to knock one down.
Q. Was you present at the Examination of Lamb ?
Chauncey. That was before my Lord Mayor at Guildhall; that was the Monday following; Lamb confess'd, that that Lead that was in his House, was Leaden-coffin, that was taken out of the Vault of St Andrew's.
Q. Did Bilby say what became of their Bodies?
Chauncey. He said, he paid 9 s. for the digging the Hole in the back part of the South-side of the Churchyard, where they put the Bodies after they had taken the Coffins from them.
[Cross Examination.]
Council. St Andrew's is in the Diocese of the Bishop of London is it not?
Chauncey. I am sure I am Constable of London, but I don't know whether that is in the Diocese of the Bishop of London.
Q. Why did not you take Lamb into Custody at the same time?
Chauncey. I thought I could have him at any time.
Council. Can you recollect what Authority he said he had for doing what he had done?
Chauncey. He said he had a verbal Order for what he had done, but he did not say exactly what it was.


                  John 
                  Bagwell 
               



            . I was with them last Monday was three Weeks, and no other time.
Q. Was you with Mr Lamb?
Bagwell. I was with him at St Andrew's Holborn.
Q. Was Mr Lamb, Bilby, Chandler, and Hooper, all with you?
Bagwell. Mr Bilby, but I can't be positive whether Chandler was or not; Mr Lamb was there during some part of the Night; I can't speak justly, but I believe it was about nine o'Clock.
Council. Now give an Account how you came down?
Bagwell. I was ask'd by 
               
                  William 
                  Bilby 
               



             to go down with him to take some Bits of Wood; but till Mr Lamb came down we did not carry a Bit of Lead, I did not I am sure.
Q. Was you hired by any body that Night?
Bagwell. By 
               
                  William 
                  Bilby 
               



            .
Court. I desire to know what Lamb said when he came down?
Bagwell. He did not speak a Word to any of us; I heard his Tongue as he came down, but I can't say what he said.
Q. What was done to these Leaden-coffins?

Bagwell. We carried Lead every one of us, and I carried some Wood to Mr Bilby's.
Q. Where did you come at that Lead, did you break the Leaden-coffins open?
Bagwell. It was doubled up, and laid to the Foot of the Arch, and there we took it up; I took it up by the Order of 
               
                  William 
                  Bilby 
               



            .
Council. Are you sure you never saw a Coffin broke open?
Bagwell. I never saw a Coffin broke up; I saw one cut after it was broke.
Q. How many times did you go to Bilby's House with Lead?
Bagwell. I went four times, and one time I had a Load more than I could well carry; Bilby help'd us up with it often, and it was by his Order, and unto his House.
Q. Where was Mr Lamb all this time?
Bagwell. He was in the Porch when they were carrying off the Lead.
Q. What said Mr Lamb to Mr Bilby?
Bagwell. He call'd Bilby a drunken Dog and the like, and said his Men did not work fast enough; they wanted Encouragement.
Q. Did you see the Lead doubled up?
Bagwell. No, Sir, I don't remember that.
Q. Did you see a Knife or any thing?
Bagwell. I saw an Ax.
Q. Did you see any thing done with that Ax?
Bagwell. Yes; I saw a Corpse taken out of a Leaden-coffin by 
               
                  William 
                  Bilby 
               



             and Chandler, and Lamb was in the Vault when the Corpse was taken out; I was one myself that help'd to carry the two Shells into the Churchyard, William Bilby ordered me to carry them there, and I knew the Place was dug for them in the Afternoon.
Court. After the Corpse was taken out, who did you see cut the Coffin ?
Bagwell. I saw one 
               
                  Richard 
                  Dew 
               



             cut one Coffin.
Q. Did you hear any body order him to do it?
Bagwell. I can't say, the Body was taken out.
Q. Was Lamb by when the Body was taken out?
Bagwell. Yes, as far as I saw, he was present at every thing.
Council. By what Way did they get these Bodies, and Lead, out of the Vault ?
Bagwell. There was a Place made on purpose that any Person might get through, a Hole, or Doorway, where a Man might walk to his full height; it was the common Door of the Vault that fronts Holborn, that was the Way the Lead was all brought out.
Prisoner Bilby to Chauncey the Constable. Ask him whether I deny'd him going into the Church.
Chauncey. He directly deny'd me at the Churchyard-Gate.
The Prisoners Chandler and Hooper desir'd to know, How often he saw them carrying Lead away?
Chauncey reply'd, He saw them but once a piece.
Court to Bilby. Will you ask Bagwell any Question?
Bilby. Ask him what Lamb said to me?
Bagwell. He said you was a drunken Dog, &c.
Chandler and Hooper desir'd the Evidence might be ask'd, What they had for their Night's Work?
Bagwell's Answer. We had four Quarts of strong Beer, Bread and Cheese, and a Halfpenny I run in trust at the Alehouse, and I believe that Man had a Groat too.
Q. How much Ale had you?
Bagwell. We had four Quarts of Ale in all, besides two Bottles of small Beer, and some Bread and Cheese and Onions.
Q. What then?
Bagwell. Please ye, my Lord, when we were charged with the Constable we had but a Trifle, and Bilby put his Hand into his Pocket, and gave us a Shilling; I think he gave it to Hooper.
Council to Richard Dew. Have you any Office at St Andrew's, Holborn.
Dew. I am a Bearer at St. Andrew's.
Council. Has Mr Lamb, the Sexton of the Parish, any Command over you?
Dew. Yes, Sir, he always has a very great Power over us, he and Bilby together.
Q. Do you remember your being in this Vault on 21st or 22d of Sept.
Dew. Yes.
Q. From what Hour was you there?
Dew. I was there from eight or nine at Night the 21st of Sept. till one or two in the Morning of the 22d.
Council. During the time you was there, who else was there?
Dew. The rest of my Partners Simpson and Hall.
Q. Did you see Lamb at that time, and Bilby, Chandler and Hooper?
Dew. Yes, Sir.
Q. By whose Order was you there?
Dew. By Mr Lamb's Order.
Q. Did he tell you for what Purpose you was to be there?
Dew. To clean the Filthiness and Nastiness of the Vault, and to move some Coffins that wanted moving.
Q. When you went first into the Vault did you see any Lead at that time ?
Dew. We took some of the Coffins down, and some fell down.

Q. ing the time you was there, did you cut any Coffins to pieces?
Dew. Mr Lamb's Son did it, and I help'd him; we cut some to pieces that were whole one's before.
Q. By whose Orders did you do it?
Dew. By the Order of Mr Lamb the Prisoner at the Bar.
Q. What became of those?
Dew. One part was carried to Mr Lamb's House, and the other to Mr Bilby's House, I am very sure of it, for I carried part of it.
Q. Did you cut more than one Coffin?
Dew. More than two or three, but all were cut by Lamb and Bilby's Order.
Q. Did they agree about the Division of these Things ?
Dew. No, a great many Oaths and bad Words pass'd about the Lead.
[Cross Examination.]
Council. Describe to the Court which Way you went into the Churchyard in order to go into the Vault?
Dew. Mr Lamb had the Key of it, and he opened the Door and let us in?
Q. At which Door?
Dew. The Door next to Holborn, it was between eight and nine.
Council. Pray how far is the Watch house from the Church-gate where you went in?
Dew. About an hundred Yards, if not more.
Q. Can you tell whether the Watch was set when you went in?
Dew. One Night it was set, and another Night it was not?
Court. Was you in several Nights?
Dew. Several Nights by Mr Lamb and Bilby's Direction, and cut Coffins to Pieces, and carried them off three Nights successively, before they were taken up.
Q. When you was in the Church, did one Candle do for you?
Dew. We had a great many Candles; Mr Lamb brought a Pound or two.
Q. Do you know any Thing of digging the Hole where the two Shells were carried to?
Dew. I know nothing of digging the Hole till I went there and I carried something.
Q. Where abouts was that Hole dug?
Dew. In the Back-part of the Church-yard.
Q. Can you recollect what Bigness the Hole was of?
Dew. It was larger than some Graves are dug.
Council for the Prisoner. Did you hear any Person give Mr Lamb any Orders concerning the Vault?
Dew. Yes, I was with him, and heard the Orders given the Friday before the Night.
Council. Who was that Person who gave Mr Lamb the Orders?
Dew. Mr Barton; I heard him order Lamb to take the Filth and Nastiness away, and put the old Coffins where Lamb and Bilby thought proper.
Q. Was any Reason given for removing them?
Dew. No Reason, only to clear the Shore that comes through the Vault.
Council. Did you understand the Coffins were to be removed for good and all?
Dew. No, to be sure, but till the Shore was cleaned that ran through the Vault, and then to be carried back again.
Council for the Prisoner. When the Order was given Lamb, did not Lamb desire a Faculty to come into the Vault?
Dew. No,
Court. Do you believe the Bishop of London would grant a Faculty to cut Coffins to pieces ? Sure this is monstrous Behaviour, to throw Dirt on a Gentleman without any Sort of Proof.
Council for the Prisoner. I must follow my Instructions, and will not go from them.
Court. Let your Instructions be what they will, a Gentleman is not to be aspers'd without Proof: When you prove it I will believe it.
Council for the Prisoner. Did not you hear Mr Barton say, he might take the old Coffins away?
Dew. No.
Court. Did you hear him bid him open the Coffins and take the Lead away? or, hear him say, He might take the Lead home ?
Dew. No such Thing. He said, that as soon as the Vault was cleaned he should put the Coffins in their Places again.
Council. Did you only understand this to be the Meaning of Mr Barton's Orders ? Or did you hear Mr Barton give the Order?
Dew. I heard Mr Barton bid him put them in their Places again when the Vault was cleaned.
Council for the Prisoner. You say, he told them to take the Coffins, and put them where Lamb and Bilby thought proper, and bring them back again. Then you don't know of any particular Place provided for them?
Dew. Yes, there was a particular Place to be sure. The Vault was full. Bilby and Lamb both told Mr Barton the Wall was but a Brick and half thick, whereas it was three Bricks thick.
Council. Had the Coffins you cut to pieces any Plates upon them?
Dew. There was no Plate upon those I carried to Bilby's; but I believe Mr Lamb had a Basket that he put them in.

Here it was ask'd by the Council the Inscriptions. But it was answer'd, that it should not be mentioned, for it might make some Persons melancholy all their Life-time.
Q. to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Simpson 
               



            . Do you know all the Prisoners at the Bar?
Simpson. Yes, I know them all.
Council. Are you one of the Bearers in the Parish?
Simpson. Yes, Sir.
Q. Was you with the Prisoners in the Vault?
Simpson. I can't say the Day of the Month; it was on the Monday Night; I was in the Vault with Mr Lamb and Mr Bilby, and the rest of the Bearers, there was Chandler, but he was nothing with us.
Q. Who bid you go there?
Simpson. Lamb told us to go there, to make a Movement in the Vault; to move Coffins to come at the Druin, that was stopp'd, in order to clean it.
Q. Were they wooden Coffins, or leaden ones?
Simpson. They were wooden, a great many of them, and many were rotten, and fell to pieces. I saw some of the Leaden Coffins cut to pieces by Mr Lamb's Son, which was by his Father's Direction. I saw three or four Coffins cut up. Mr Dew help'd to cut them up. The Lead was cut and carried to Mr Lamb's House. I carried some; he ask'd me to do it. All the Bearers carried some, and I carried some three Times. I never went but once of a Night, when we left off Work.
Q. Were there any Danger of these Coffins droping to pieces, if they were not cut?
Simpson. No.
Q. Do you know of any Quarrel between Lamb and Bilby?
Simpson. There was Words arose between Lamb and Bilby about removing; Bilby said, he was robb'd of some of the Lead that he claim'd a Right to.
Q. What had you for the doing of this?
Simpson. Nothing at all.
Q. Was you ordered to do this as a Secret?
Simpson. There was no Secret at all in it.
Council for the Defendants. It is laid in the Indictment to be the Property of Persons unknown. I would submit it, Whether the Executors and Administrators are not known ?
Lord Chief Justice. I must only tell you in general, it is not the Property of your Clients. I am very doubtful whose Property it is, because the Executors and Administrators are not known, &c.
The Council for the Prisoners, in their Defence, called 
               
                  William 
                  Conduit 
               



            .


                  William 
                  Conduit 
               



            . I am a Bricklayer; Mr Barton sent for me on Friday the 11th of September, and told me, that he had great Complaint made by Mr Lamb of a Stoppage of the Drains in the Vault, so that it lay to the Mid-leg in Water; and that Lamb had told him, it could not be cleaned, without making a Hole in the Wall. Mr Barton directed me to go and examine it, which I did, and found it was as Mr Lamb had said, for the Drain which runs through the Vault was stopp'd, and I measured it, and found it was eighteen Inches deep in Water and Dirt, and that it could not be cleaned without removing some of the Coffins, and that it could not be done without making a Hole in the Wall; which he directed me to see done and gave me particular Orders that my Workmen should behave decently and soberly, and give no Offence.
Q. to Ireton Clark. What are you?
Clark. I am a Watch-maker. I am come on the Behalf of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hooper 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner at the Bar for these ten Years; I never knew but he was an honest, just, well-meaning young Fellow.


                  James 
                  Lewer 
               



            . I keep a Cane-Shop in Cheapside, I have known him between three and four Years, I never knew any Hurt of him before this.


                  John 
                  Knowles 
               



            . I am for 
               
                  John 
                  Chandler 
               



            , I have known him a great many Years, he has work'd for my Father and I. He has been in our Family this twenty Years, till lately always bore the Character of an honest Man.
John Hill. I have known the Prisoner Hooper ten or twelve Years, and I never knew any Harm by him.


                  Henry 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner Chandler these ten Years, and he has the Best of Characters, as a poor Man can have.
Q. What Character has Hooper?
Robinson. A good Character.
The Court, in summing up the Evidence to the Jury, observed to them, among other Things, That if any Thing could aggravate the Guilt of the Prisoners, it was their endeavouring to throw Dirt upon an innocent Man, who bore as good a Character as any one of his Function, or as any Gentleman in England. But as it generally happens to a Man of Honour, when falsly accused, there was not the least Proof to support these unjust Reflections; for it appear'd from the Evidence, that the Orders Mr Barton gave were necessary and right; and that he was so cautious, as to recommend it particularly to the Workmen to behave decently and soberly, whilst they were in the Vault.


                  John 
                  Lamb 
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Bilby 
               





               Guilty
            .


                  John 
                  Chandler 
               



             and Charles Hooper 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


