






270. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Read 
                  , otherwise 
Sweep




             , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
 last, one Tea-Chest, value 1 s, 6 d. three Tin Canisters , value 1 s. one Quarter of a Pound of Tea, value 6 d. 1 Damask Tablecloth, value 4 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Andus 
                        



                      
                   . One Cloth Cloak, value 2 s. and one Silk Bonnet , value 1 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Eliz 
                  Sprigg 
               



              , Widow
.
Q. to 
               
                  William 
                  Andus 
               



             . Where do you live?
Andus. In Swan-Yard in the Strand . I miss'd the Things mention'd in the Indictment. On Monday there was an Advertisement, that the Things were stopp'd at one Mr Morris's, Headborough in Field-Lane . When I came there I found the Things. I know nothing of the Prisoner . [The Things were produced in Court , and Mr Andus swore to them as his Things.]
Q. to Eliz. Sprigg. Are you a Lodger at Mr Andus's ?
Sprigg . No, Sir, I was there as a Visitor .
Q. Did you lose any Thing?
Sprigg. The Cloak and the Bonnet, they are mine.
Q. to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morris 
               



             , Constable. What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Morris. The Prisoner at the Bar I had got a Warrant for, concerning some Scales and Things that were lost in the New Market. At almost twelve o'Clock on Sunday , the 28th of June there were three or four People came running, and said, there was the Man that you have a Warrant against. He was soon to sell the scarlet Cloak in our Neighbourhood; and they said they watch'd him into a Twopenny House in Chick-Lane. So I went directly and found him there. He had the Tea-Chest and Tablecloth before him. The Bonnet he had sold. There were three or four Women with him. I told him he might stay to drink out his Gin. He would have thrown the Bundle from him, but I prevented him. I told him I would take Care of the Bundle. I said you must go along with me, I have got a Warrant against you, so I had him before Justice Poulson; where he own'd he had sold the Cloak in Field-Lane for 2 s. He said it was near the Gullyhole , and I went there and found it; and the Woman brought it before the Justice.
The Prisoner in his Defence said, that he found this Bundle near Holborn-bars , and he open'd it, and pull'd the Cloak out, and offered it to every one as he came along; and some bid him 1 s. and when he came to this Woman in Field-Lane she gave him 2 s. for it. 

               Guilty
             of the Indictment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


