





106. 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Conner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three Camblet Curtains, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Atkinson 
                        



                      
                  , and five Chair-Curtains made of Calicoe
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lynch 
                  



                
            .


                  Alexander 
                  Atkinson 
               



            . My Chair was robbed about six Weeks ago in Bridges street, Covent Garden


, about eight o'Clock at Night.
Q. What was taken out of your Chair?
Atkinson . Five Curtains, three Camblet, and two Calamancoe.
Q. Do you know who took them ?
Atkinson . I do not know who took them out of the Chair, they were found in this Man's Custody.
Q. Did you see them in this Man's Custody?
Atkinson. I did not, but he owned it before the Justice.
Q. What did he own?
Atkinson. He said he took them out of the Chair, in order to secure them for me.
Q. When did you find them again?
Atkinson. That same Night.
Q. to the Prisoner. Have you any thing to say to this Witness?
Prisoner. I have been a Chair-Man seventeen Years myself, I had them under my Arms with a View to bring them to him the next Morning, because one of the Chair-Men was drunk.
Q. to 
               
                  John 
                  Lynch 
               



             . What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Lynch. I have this to say, that my Chair was stripped at the same Time.
Q. What have you to say to the Curtains taken out of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Atkinson 
               



            's Chair?
Lynch. I found him in Bed; I found these nine Curtains upon him.
Q. What did your Chair stand in the same Place?
Lynch. Yes, my Lord.
Q. How came you to suspect the Prisoner?
Lynch. I went to drink part of a Pot of Beer, and he stood there at the same Time; and a Shoeblack told me, there was no Body there but him. I went after him, and I found him a Bed with the nine Curtains between his Coat and Waistcoat.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


