





301. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hoden , otherwise 
Hayden




               
            , (which last is her right Name) of St Sepulchres


, was indicted for 


               stealing 10 s. 9 d. 1/2
             the Money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davey 
                  




                
            , June 17
.


                  John 
                  Davey 
               



            . I was coming from the Ram-Inn in Smithfield, about 10 o'Clock at Night, the Prisoner met me in Holbourn, and asked me to be a Penny, and was resolute upon it: I said if I must have any thing it should be a Pint of Porter; she said I should go to her Room, she lived in Thatched-Alley, or Black-Boy-Alley, by Chick-Lane


; I went with her, she knocked at the Door and asked for her Sister, they said her Sister was not at Home; there was a Person at the next Door, who said we might come into their House. I sent for a Pint of Beer, and a Woman said she would go and fetch a Pint of Beer, and instead of that she brought a Glass of Gin, and the Prisoner said, What do you bring Gin for, you know I do not love Gin; and then she brought a little small Glass of Anniseed, and said she would have 3 d. for it; I said, what 3 d. for such a small Quantity, and she said she had drank a Glass herself; then I was for going, but the Prisoner said, I should not go, she would show me a Trick; she got up, pushed me backward and fell upon me, and said, if I made a Noise it should be the worse for me, for she had a Husband below Stairs. - She took my Money from me by Force, and put me in Danger of my Life. - There were other Women in the Room; they were all upon me, but she was the chief Person, and was the Occasion of it: I lost eight Shillings, a Half-Crown, with my Name upon it, and Three-pence Half-penny, and two Keys. I desired them to let me have that Half-Crown again, and they said, if I would fetch another Half-Crown I should have it; but I was afraid if I fetched another, they would have that too; they gave me these two Keys again.
Prisoner. He took me up but on Tuesday last, why did not he take me up sooner?
Davey I was troubled at the Thing, and was afred or exposing myself, and thought People would laugh at me. I met her in Holbourn just by the some Place where I met her before; I spoke to a and desired him to assist me. I spoke to her, and said, How do you, do my Dear, she said, I do not know you, you have the Advantage of me; I told her how she had used me before, but she would not know me; so I charged the Constable with her, and committed her in order to bring her to Justice.
Prisoner. When he took me up, says he, You are the Woman that robbed me; I have lost my Money, and you shall pay for it, or some body else.
Davey. I told her I would have Justice done, and nothing else.
Prisoner. He said if I would give him half a Guinea he would make it up.
Davey. Several People advised me to make it up, but I refused it. - I never did offer or agree to make it up upon any other Account, than if she would ask my Pardon, and give me the Money, but she did not give me my Money. She sent for one who pretended to be her Husband, and he threatned my Life. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


