





242. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Poole 
                  



               
            , of St. Mary Aldermanbury


, was indicted for 


               stealing a large brass hinge, value 2 s. and a two foot sliding rule, value 3 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Giles 
                  




                
            , April 19
.


                  John 
                  Giles 
               



            . I am son to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Giles 
               



             in Addle Street, this hinge was lost out of the shop, and was brought to me by Mr. Pearse, who asked me, if it belonged to my mother, and I told him it did; and the Prisoner said he took it out of the shop, and carried it to Mr. Pearse to sell.


                  George 
                  Pearse 
               



            . I am a pewterer in Whitecross Street. This lad Poole brought this brass hinge to me the 19th of April to sell. He said his father sent him to sell it, and that he had had it six years in the room. At first he said his father's name was Weyman, but his name his Poole. He had a two foot rule in his pocket, which we gave him again, as he said he bought it for a peny in Moorfields. He said it was the first fact, and owned that he took them out of Mrs. Giles's shop.


                  William 
                  Rugby 
               



            . I was charged with the Prisoner, and he said his father's name was Weyman, or some such name, and was a shoemaker; but his father's name is Poole, and works with Mrs. Giles the founder; he owned he had the hinge, and that he either gave a peny for the rule, or tossed up a peny against it in Moorfields. Mrs. Giles said he was a naughty boy to serve her so when she had been such a friend to him; he said he was sorry for it, and hoped she would forgive him. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            

The Prosecutor recommended the Prisoner to the court.




[Transportation. See summary.]


