





270. 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Herring 
                  , otherwise 
Brown




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a tea spoon, value 18 d. a linen handkerchief, value 4 d. &c. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Holmes 
                        



                      
                  ; two caps, value 18 d. two aprons, value 2 s. and two shirts
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Platt 
                  



                
            , May 14
.


                  Mary 
                  Holmes 
               



            . The Prisoner lodged in my house; I missed these things, and she owned before the Justice that she took them, and I excused her partly for doing it.
Q. Did you let her remain in the house after that time?
Holmes. Yes, I did; she said she had a brother come from sea, that he was ill, and she was forced to take them to help him, and said she would get them again the Saturday following. I employed her as a chairwoman, and the next morning when I came to look for my spoons, one of them was gone. I found it had been pawned in her name, but she said her sister pawned it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Platt 
               



            . I missed the things mentioned in the indictment. The Prisoner was continued in the house after she took these things, and she went quite off that night. She took a couple of shifts, a child's dimitty coat, a long lawn apron, and a calico apron of mine. She confessed before the Justice that she took them, and pawned them.
Q. What did she say in excuse?
Platt. She said she designed to fetch them back, and she told us where they were pawned: I had two shirts from Mr. Harrison's.


                  George 
                  Crofton 
               



            . The Prisoner brought these shifts and a handkerchief, &c. to Mr. Harrison's, and pawned them.
Q. Did she say they were her own?
Crofton. I did not ask her any questions, for my master has known her a great while, and he never knew her do such a thing before.


                  Edward 
                  Herbert 
               



             produced several things the Prisoner had pawned to him, the property of the Prosecutor's. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


