





+ 16. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Deale 
                  , otherwise 
Webb




             , of St. Michael Wood-street


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard, value 7 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Dynes 
                        



                      
                   , and a Sheet, value 5 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Miller 
                        



                      
                  , Widow
, in the Dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Dynes 
               



             , Nov. 3
.


                  Samuel 
                  Dynes 
               



             . I keep a publick House
 at the Angel and Crown in Wood-street


; the Prisoner was my Servant
 at this Time - The third of November I lost a Silver Tankard, weighing twenty nine Ounces eighteen Penny Weight. I missed the Tankard out of the Bar between six and seven in the Evening, and enquired after it, the Prisoner pretended she had lost a Gown, and said, she believed the Person that had the Tankard had the Gown. The next Day she said, she was informed by an Old-Clothes Woman, that she might hear of her Gown in Rag-Fair, and she hoped she should hear of the Tankard there; I got Mr. Paterson , a Constable, to follow her, and ordered him, if she did not go to Rag-Fair, to bring her back.
Prisoner. I desire to look at the Tankard  to see whether I know it, or not.*
* The Tankard was handed to her, which she refused to return, till an Officer took it from her by Force.


                  Robert 
                  Paterson 
               



             . I was desired by Mr. Dynes to follow the Prisoner, to see if she went to Rag-Fair; I saw her go into Rose-Alley in White-cross Street; I waited three Quarters of an Hour, then she came out with a little Bundle, and went to a Pawnbrokers, and then she went into the same Alley again; I waited half an Hour more, she came out again, and instead of going to Rag-Fair, she went up White-cross Street, then I took hold of her, and brought her back to Mr. Dynes ; she confessed the taking of it, and that it was at one Mary Staton's in Staining-Lane; I went with her and her Master into Staining-Lane, and there was her Gown, the Sheets, and the Tankard, all together in a Box; she delivered the Tankard into my Hand. 


               Guilty of the Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


