





59. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Turner 
                  



               
             , was indicted for that 


               he after the 24th of June 1731, viz. Nov. 19
. a Leaden Pipe, and 2 Brass Cocks fixed to the Dwelling-House of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Fortescue 
                        




                      
                  , did steal, &c
            .


                  Francis 
                  Fortescue 
               



             . I keep the Fountain in Sheer-Lane


, on the 19th of Sept. between 9 and 10 at Night, I was broiling some Stakes, and a Woman called out to me that she had seen two Men in my Yard, and the Pipe and Cock were gone; she described the Men to me, and I went up the Lane after them, the Prisoner turn'd to the left, and I got close to him, and saw him drop the Pipe and Cock; I did not stop to take it up, but continued to pursue him, and in Chancery-Lane I took him, the Moon shone very bright, and the Snow lay on the Ground, and I am positive the Prisoner is the Man.
Elizabeth Lake . On the Friday before Christmas-Day, between 9 and 10 at Night, I went into the Yard, and the Prisoner shoved against me, I asked him what he did there? and he ran out directly; I went to look for the Pipe and it was gone; I inform'd Mr. Fortescue of this, and he pursued the Prisoner, I followed, and saw the Prisoner taken, but did not see the Pipe drop; this is the Pipe, and I saw it in the Yard about an Hour before it was taken. It is a private Yard, and enclosed.
Prisoner. I was coming along, and was a little in Liquor, and this Man took hold of me, and as we were going along together, he pick'd up that Pipe in the Highway. I am a Shoemaker , and live in Cold-Bath-Fields, I never was in his House or Yard till he brought me back.


                  Joseph 
                  Campion 
               



             . I live in Plumbtree-street St. Giles's , I am no Trade, - I keep a Chandlers Shop; all that I know is, that the Prisoner was one of my Lodgers, - I keep a Lodging House, he lodged two Years at my House, and paid me 18 d. per Week; he behav'd well, that he did, and I never heard him in any Cabal in my Life.
Jury. On your Oath is not your House a common Lodging House at 2 d. and 3 d. a Night?
Campion . No, I never take L odgers for less than a Week.
Geo. Wood I am a Cordwainer, and live in Red-Lyon Street, I have known the Prisoner 14 Years, and he always behav'd very honestly; I have left him alone in my House when I have had great Charge, and he never wronged me of any Thing.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


