





349. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Adams 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Spoon, Value 7 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Manning 
                  




                
             , of Charing-Cross


 .


                  Q. 
               


            (to John Manning) What have you to aledge against the Prisoner ?
Manning. She came into the Kitchen and took the Spoon .
Q. Was you in the Kitchen yourself?
Manning. No, my Lord.
Q. How do you know she took the Spoon? Did you see her come out of the Kitchen?
Manning. When Dinner is over the Pewter is wash'd up and brought into the Bar, and a Spoon being lost, all the Servants were examin'd about it; but as it could not be found I was thinking of advertising of it; in the mean Time, one Mr. Clew, Constable of Westminster, came to me and ask'd me if I had lost any Thing; I told him I had just miss'd a Silver Spoon, and he said he had got one. She went to pawn it to him, and he had the Spoon in his Custody; I told him if it was mine I would shew him the Fellow to it, which I did; when I went down to the Round-House with the Constable, she begg'd I would be favourable to her, and she would never do any such Thing again.
Q. Are you sure this is the Woman that came to your House?
Manning. I am sure of the Woman. When I went down to the Round-House she begg'd I would be favourable to her; I told her it was out of my Power, it must be as the Law directs; with that I went to Justice Manly. She said it was given her among some broken Victuals, some stew'd Beef, which we had none of for two Days before. First she said it was given her with broken Victuals , and afterwards own'd that she took it.
- Clew. I am the Constable of St. Margaret's , Westminster.
Q. What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Clew . Mr. Pearson sent for me, when I came, there was this Woman, the Prisoner at the Bar, with this Spoon.

Q. What did he charge her with?
Clew. He stopp'd this Spoon, as stolen .
Q. Was you with her before the Justice .
Clew. Yes, my Lord .
Q. What did she say at Justice Manly's?
Clew. She deny'd the taking of it.
- Pearson. On Saturday the 4th of October came in a short Woman, (not the Prisoner at the Bar) with this Spoon; she desir'd to know if it was Silver, and what she might have for it, and said she found it upon a Dunghill in Tyburn-Road. Whilst I was speaking with the Woman the Prisoner at the Bar immediately said, 'tis my Spoon; and that it was given her: I said, given you, by whom? she said, at the House where I had some broken Victuals : I ask'd her what House, and bid her tell me particularly and I would send my Servant; she said she could not tell; I then said I would charge a Constable with her; she said it was her Property, and she gave it the other Woman to pawn; upon that I sent for the Constable, and went before Justice Manly; there she said it was given her with broken Victuals; he ask'd her how much, she said about as much as you could hold in your Hand; he said it was strange such a Spoon should be buried in it. She said it was stew'd Beef.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


