





80.
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dennis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Man's Beaver Hat, val. 15 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brownjohn 
                  




                
            , in the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn


, December 17
.
William Brownjohn. I can only say, the Hat charged on the Prisoner in the Indictment, is mine. I took it upon this Witness. (
               
                  Benjamin 
                  How 
               



            ) who told the Prisoner in my hearing, that he had brought him into a Premunire. He said, he could not help it, and own'd he sold it, to How. Did not I buy it of you, says How? Yes; and I had it of a Boy in Chick-Lane, said the Prisoner, who asked me 3 d. for it; but I snatch'd it from him, and ran away with it. The Hat hung up against the Side of a Press in my Shop, and I miss'd it from thence, the Night before.
Benjamin How. The Prisoner came up into my Room one Night, - I can't remember the particular Time, and told me he had a Hat in pawn for a Shilling, and if I would give him Money to fetch it out, I should have it for a Shilling more: So I gave him one Shilling to redeem the Hat, and he sold it me out-right for another. I believe this is the same Hat I bought of the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Legg 
               



            , Constable. The Prisoner and How were both brought before me the Night they were taken. How said in the Prisoner's hearing, He bought the Hat of him, - and the Prisoner did not contradict him at all.
Prisoner. I bought it of a Boy in Chick-Lane, who asked me 3 d. for it. I gave him 3 d. and carried it to 
               
                  Jemmy 
                  Birt 
               



             at Com-Cross; he pawn'd it for me, and brought me a Shilling. The next Night I happened to be at this Ben How's, and he wanting a Hat to wear on Christmas-Day, I offer'd him this Hat, for a Shilling more than 'twas pawn'd for. I can't tell where the Boy is, who sold it to me, - but I am as innocent as the Child unborn. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


