






100. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hoare 
                  



                
             , of St. John Wapping


, (together with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Fazakerly 
               



             and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Dunn 
               



            , not taken) were indicted for 


               stealing twenty-four bushels of beans, value 48 s. and four sacks, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sherwood 
                  



                
            , and
101. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Liggins 
                  



                
             ; for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            , January 11

.


                  William 
                  Sherwood 
               



             . I am a lighterman
; on Friday the eighth instant I had six quarters of beans on board my lighter, lying at the moorings in the middle of the river off Tower-Wharf



.
Q. Did your lighter lie on the Middlesex side or the Surry side?
Sherwood On the Middlesex side. Two of the sacks were marked with my name.
Pris. Coun. How many sacks were these three quarters in?
Sherwood . They were in six sacks; they were taken out of my lighter on the Saturday night or Sunday morning, and I heard there were beans landed at Execution-Dock; there was a little cart and horse brought there, and I found this cart and horse belonged to Liggins; I got a search-warrant , and on Monday morning I went and searched his house, and found these standing in six sacks, as they were standing in my lighter on the Friday; I asked him how he came by them, he said he gave 24 s. for the three quarters.
Q. What did they cost?
Sherwood. They cost 17 s. a quarter, besides charges; we took Mr. Liggins before a Justice, and the Justice admitted him to bail.
Q. What time did he say he bought them?
Sherwood. He said he bought them between four and five in the morning.
Q. Do you know whether he sold any of these beans ?
Sherwood. He said he had sold one sack for nine shillings.
Q. What did Hoare say as to the taking them?
Sherwood. He said he lent a man a boat to go, and he brought the boat to Execution-Dock, then went to Liggins's house, and sold the beans for 24 s. to Liggins.
Q. Is this usual at three o'clock in the morning?
Sherwood. I never heard of any such thing.
Q. What is Liggins?
Sherwood. He is a milkman.
Q. How was the money distributed?
Sherwood. Hoare gave 19 s. to Dunn and Fazakerly, and kept 5 s. himself.
Pris. Liggins's Coun. Where did you find these sacks?
Sherwood. Five I found in the back room, and one in the fore room.
Q. Were the marks of the sacks on the outside or the inside, or were the sacks turned?
Sherwood. The marks were on the outside.
Q. As to the sack that was in the shop, was that publick to every one's view?
Sherwood. There was another sack stood before it.


                  Daniel 
                  Gregory 
               



            . I am a watchman at Execution-Dock .
Pros. Coun. Do you know Hoare?
Gregory. Yes, that is Hoare.
Q. Do you know any thing of his bringing any beans any where?
Gregory. Yes, on Saturday was sevennight, about three or four o'clock in the morning, he brought the boat ashore with two other men, and they took six sacks out; they went away for about a quarter of an hour, and charged me to take care of them, and I lodged them in my hut.
Q. Who gave you the charge?
Gregory . Hoare gave me the charge.
Q. What did he give you for your trouble in watching these things?
Gregory . He gave me three shillings.
Pros. Coun. Very good pay for watching for a quarter of an hour.


                  John 
                  Sherwood 
               



            . I brought the lighter down to her moorings on Friday night, and covered the sacks with a tarpaulin , to keep them from the weather, and in the morning three quarters of my brother's beans were gone.

Q. What was the price of them?
Sherwood . Seventeen or eighteen shillings a quarter.
Q. Where did you find them?
Sherwood. I heard they were in the house of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Liggins 
               



            , and I found them in the house of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Liggins 
               



            , with my brother's mark upon them.
Q. Had you any discourse with him?
Sherwood. No, my brother had the discourse with him.
Q. What did he say before the Justice?
Sherwood. He said he gave 24 s. for the three quarters, and that he sold one sack for 9 s. and that my brother might go and take the money for it.
Pris. Liggins's Coun. Did he know the value of them?
Sherwood. He sold them for a market price, and that is a sign he knew the value of them.
Q. Do you think, if he had bought these goods, knowing them to be stolen, he would not have shot them out into other sacks?
Court. That must be left to the Jury.
Q. What is the price of beans, are not they sometimes at eight or nine shillings a quarter?
Sherwood. The market price at that time was from 17 to 18 s. a quarter for this sort of beans.
Q. I suppose these beans were for shipping?
Sherwood . Yes, they were for the West-Indies.
Pris. Coun. I think they are to prove where the beans were stolen from, and the Jury are to try the Prisoner for the fact where the offence was committed, and the indictment must be laid where the fact is committed; and as the river of Thames is always supposed to be in two counties, half the river to appertain to one county and half to the other; for this fact may have been committed in the county of Surry .
Court. You need not give your self any trouble. Suppose the lighter lay in Surry , and he carries them into Middlesex, is not he guilty of the felony, wherever the goods are found?


                  Ann 
                  Douglas 
               



             . The Prisoner, Hoare, lodged in my house six weeks at one time, and three weeks at another ; and I never knew any thing amiss of him.
Q. Where do you live?
Douglas . I live in Queen-street, by King Edward Stairs, in Wapping.
Q. What is Hoare's business?
Douglas . A lighterman; and he always endeavoured to get his bread in an honest way.
- Douglas. I have nothing to say, but what my mother said: he lodged at my mother's house two several times, six weeks at one time, and three weeks at another.


                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I have worked with the Prisoner five years: He is a ballast lighterman. I never heard any ill of him.


                  Robert 
                  Burkey 
               



            . Mr. Hoare lived in my house about twelve months, and I never knew any thing amiss of him.
Q. How long is that ago?
Burkey . About twelve months.
Prisoner Liggins Last saturday was sev'night, in the morning, I believe it was between one and two, somebody knocked at the door; I was in bed, and cried out, who is there? Said a man, here is one. What do you want, said I? He said, he had two or three quarters of beans to sell. I said, if they are worth my while, I will buy them, if they are honestly come by; said I, what sort of beans are they? He said, they were either fit for hogs or horses; (I had some hogs a fatting) Said I, where are they? He said, they were in a house by the water-side. Well, said I, if they are honestly come by, I will buy them. In about three hours time, Hoare and another man came and asked me whether I would have them; I took my horse and cart, and went. They went into a house by Execution-dock , and a man said, I could not have them just then; I stood at the arse of my cart some time, and a watchman came and unlocked a door. I said, bring them along, and I will load them, and I did: and I took them away.
Prisoner Liggins Coun. My Lord, we shall bring one witness to prove, that he fed hogs with these beans.


                  William 
                  Kempton 
               



            . I am a cornchandler, and live in White-Chapel.
Liggins's Coun. Do you deal largely in these goods?
Kempton. Yes, as much as most men do.
Q. Do you know Liggins?
Kempton. I have known him twenty years.
Q. Can you tell what is the price of this sort of beans?
Kempton. I have not been in the business for two years; I have known the price of these beans from six shillings and sixpence, to thirty shillings a quarter. I have known the price of these commodities to be raised five shillings in one day.
Q. Don't talk so loud.
Kempton . I must talk loud, for I am thick of hearing myself.

Q. What is his character?
Kempton. He is as honest a man as ever lived upon the earth, and that is right and the truth.
Q. Suppose this man was to be acquitted, would you employ him again?
Kempton . Yes, as soon as any man in England.
Prosecutor's Coun. Are you a master now?
Kempton. Yes.
Q. Is it not Mrs. Wilson's trade?
Kempton. It may be so.
Q. Then you are a partner.
Kempton. May be I may, but we are not come here to discover every thing.
Q. Do you know what the price of this sort of beans is now?
Kempton. I don't know much of this sort, they are a lesser sort of Kentish beans.
Q. What is the value of them now?
Kempton . I don't know justly what the price is now; I would not have given above twelve shillings for them for my own use; people may give what they please.
Prosecutor's Coun. They are not in your way of business now?
Kempton . Not much now.
Q. Do you think they would not fetch sixteen shillings a quarter at Bear-Key?
Kempton . Not in my mind.
Q. What not of your money?
Kempton . Not of my money indeed.


                  John 
                  Cloudsley 
               



             . I have known the Prisoner, Liggins, twenty years: he served my father about twenty years ago,
Liggins's Coun. Do you think he would employ him again, if he was at liberty?
Cloudsley . Yes.
Q. What is his general character?
Cloudsley. His general character is, that he is an honest man.
Q. How long has he left your father's service?
Cloudsley . He has been gone from my father and mother two years.
Q. What does he do now?
Cloudsley. He keeps hogs and cows.


                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            . I have known Liggins twelve years, he lived servant by us several years, and worked two years with us ; and I have known him ever since, till he was in prison, and never knew any thing, but that he was a very honest man, and a very worthy servant.
Prosecutor's Coun. What is your business ?
Brown. I am a cowkeeper , I believe you know me very well; he has lodged twenty guineas in my hand, and never took any receipt for it . I have intrusted him with the care of my servants and have had my business as well done in my absence, as if I was there.


                  Michael 
                  Grafton 
               



             . I have known Liggins eleven or twelve years, and I always heard an extraordinary character of him; and there are many instances to prove his honesty. He has left twenty guineas in my hand, and never had any thing to show for it.
Prosecutor's Coun. That is your honesty.


                  John 
                  Field 
               



            . I have known Liggins about twelve years, to the time of this accident ; he is a very honest and worthy fellow as any in the world.
Q. What business does he follow?
Field. He keeps hogs and cows, and is as industrious a fellow as any in the world; whether he was drawn into this thing or no, I cannot tell; but he is a very worthy fellow.
Thomas Church. I have known Liggins four years, he is a pains-taking man; I have sold him tares and peas for his hogs .
Q. Did you ever sell him any beans?
Church. No ; he is an ignorant man, and knows nothing of the price of these beans; they will rise five shillings in a quarter in a day sometimes.
Q. What are they worth now?
Church . I believe they are worth fifteen shillings.
Lig. Coun. How long is it since you sold them for eight, nine, or ten shillings a quarter ?
Church . All last summer.
Q. Do you think he knew the price of these beans ?
Church. I am sure he did not.


                  John 
                  Cooper 
               



             . I have known Liggins about two years, I live very near him; his character is very good, and I never heard a bad character of him in my life.


                  Edward 
                  Lancaster 
               



             . I have known him four years; and when I went into the brewery, I entrusted him in all my business. I never heard any thing against him, and if I wanted a man now, I would employ him as soon as I would any man in the world.
- Goodall . I have known him six or seven years down to this very time; I keep the Red-Lion Inn, in White-Chapel, he has bought hay of me, and I never heard but that he was a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



             . I have known him fourteen years down to this time; his character is, that he is a very honest man, I never heard any thing against him in my life.

John Brown. I am a weekly servant to Mr. Liggins.
Liggins's Coun. Do you know any thing of any beans being brought to his house?
Brown. He said he had bought some beans for his hogs , they were a pretty large sort.
Q. Were they in sacks?
Brown. They were in six sacks .
Pros. Coun. You saw these six sacks in the house?
Brown. Yes.
Q. Was there Mr. Sherwood's name upon the sacks?
Brown. Yes.
Q. What do they buy the sacks as well as the beans?
Brown. They were shot out of the sacks.
Q. Did not he use to buy beans at three or four in the morning?
Brown. Not to my knowledge .
Mr. Church called again .
Q. Is it not frequent for you to have your sacks changed, and other sacks sent in their room?
Church. Yes, it is very common; we would willingly have our sacks again, and when we find them we have them.
Hoare 

               guilty
            , and Liggins 

               guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


