






415. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Boraston 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a scarlet clothe cloak, value 8 s. and a parcel of haberdashery wares amounting in all to about 5 l.
             - the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stanton 
                  



                
            , July 16

.
416. And 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Tims 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving a scarlet cloth cloak and sundry other goods, being part of the said goods, knowing them to be stolen
            .
It appeared by the Evidence of 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Roome 
               



             and Mrs. Stanton, that Boraston was an errand boy
 to Mr. Stanton a haberdasher in Cheap-side, and they had detected him the 16th of July, in concealing half a pound and half an ounce of raw Belladine silk in his bosom, and took it from him; that he afterwards wanted to go to the necessary house and Mr. Roome went with him: Upon searching the necessary-house he found a paper of the Prisoner's hand-writing wrote that morning, containing an account of the goods he had stole, and where he had deposited them; the paper was read, Things at Mrs. Tims's, viz. a velvet hood, a pilgrim, a short cloak, a pair of ear-rings, and many other articles. They got a warrant and searched Mrs. Tims's house [Mrs. Tims is Boraston's own mother] and found a considerable quantity of Mr. Stanton's goods, and others of his goods were found at the White-house in Fleet-Street. where the Prisoner said he lodged.
When Mr. Roome went to search Tims's house she obstructed them, and said she did not know Boraston , and that her name was not Tims.


                  Joseph 
                  Stanton 
               



            . Deposed that he was one that went to search Tims's house, and she said her name was not Tims, but Fowler, that she did not know Boraston and they should not search her house. They found nothing below, so they went up stairs, pushed the door open, and opened a chest of drawers which was unlocked, and in the first drawer they opened, they found a scarlet cloak, &c. the property of Mr. Stanton.


                  John 
                  Walker 
               



            . Deposed that he being a neighbour of Mr. Stanton's (who was out of town) was sent for and informed that Boraston had robbed them, they got a search warrant and went to Tims's house. He kept her below while the others went up and searched, she wanted to make her escape, but he held her pretty fast; at last she said she would go up and see whether they were robbing her; he went up with her and there was in a box which was broke open, and in a chest of drawers most of the things mentioned in the indictment. That he went several times to Boraston and examined him, whether he had stole any other goods, that Boraston knowing he was well acquainted with his master, desired he would prevail upon him to be favourable; he told him he would desire him to be merciful, and then he owned he had stole most of the goods in the indictment, and that his mother desired him to bring her a short cloak; and he gave him a list of other goods, that he had left at the Whitehorse Inn in Fleet-street.
The Prisoner asked Mr. Walker, if he did not promise him that if he would confess every thing, he would prevail upon his master not to prosecute him, and Mr. Walker said he did not promise any such thing.


                  William 
                  Rogers 
               



             the Constable confirmed the others evidence, that Tims obstructed them in the search, that they found several of Mr. Stanton's goods in a chest of drawers in Tims's bedchamber, and more in a box with three locks, which he ordered to be broke open, which was full of ribbons, handkerchiefs, laces, &c.
The Prisoner said, that she and her husband lay together in that room, and she did not know of the things being brought there, and that she was in the hospital above nine weeks.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Price 
               



            , 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jones 
               



            , and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Howel 
               



            , had known her twenty years, and gave her the character of an honest industrious woman. Price said she had been in St. Bartholomew's hospital nine weeks and three days, and came out about three weeks before she went to prison. Jones said, she thinks she came out of the hospital about a week before she was committed.
Jury. How came you not to take the husband up as well as the woman?


                  Stephen 
                  Roome 
               



            . Because the man bears a very good character, and the woman a very bad one. Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


