





454. + 
               
                  Cane 
                  Savage 
               



            , of St James Clerkenwell


 , was indicted for 


               breaking and entring the House of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Quant 
                     




                    , between the Hours of 3 and 4 in the Afternoon, no Person being therein, and stealing 6 Guineas
            , the Money of Elizabeth Quant , October 4
.
Elizabeth Quant. I live in Compton street, Wood's-Close


. The Prisoner and his Father are Button-makers
, and being poor, I gave them leave to work and lie in my Yard. I went out the 4th of this Month, and locked them into the Yard; and when I came home, I found that my Trunk had been opened, and my Money was gone. I took up the Prisoner and his Father, but the Boy took it all on himself. He confessed before the Justice, that he had taken 6 Guineas, and that he fell asleep on a Bench in Cold-Bath-Fields, and had 3 Guineas and an Half pick'd out of his Pocket, the rest he lost in tossing up. He was asked how he got at it, and said that he got in at the Window, and took my Keys to open the Trunk.


                  James 
                  Pond 
               



            . I was present before the Justice, when the Boy confessed he took the Money. He said that he got in at the Window, took the Keys, and got 6 Guineas out of the Trunk; that he tossed up and lost some, and the rest was pick'd out of his Pocket while he was a-sleep. I saw him in Cold Bath-Fields, he owned that he had 3 Guineas and an Half in his Pocket when he saw me there, and that very Night they were stole from him.


                  John 
                  Stanbury 
               



             . I heard him confess that he took the Money. I asked him if his Father had any of it, and he said, he had it all himself.
Prisoner. I never took a Farthing out of her Trunk in my Life.


                  John 
                  Savage 
               



            , the Prisoner's Father. The Boy had the Misfortune to hurt his Arm, and after that he never was locked up. He did own it before the Justice, but they brought him in crying, and he told them he would say any thing.


                  James 
                  Savage 
               



            . I am his Brother, he came to my House when he hurt his Arm, and he has kept most within Doors ever since.


                  Sarah 
                  Cross 
               



            . I have known him 3 or 4 Years; and never knew him to be guilty of any thing in my Life.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Laurence 
               



             . I have known him about a Year, he was a long Time with his Brother and Sister, who live in my House, and behav'd well.


                  Catherine 
                  Ash 
               



            . I have known him a considerable Time: I have entrusted him in my House, and never found that he wronged me of any Thing.
Mrs Quant being asked whether there was not somebody lodg'd in the House, said there were Lodgers in the Garret, and another Chamber. 


               Guilty Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


