





257. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Brown 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver tankard , value 7 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Masling 
                  




                
             , March 10
.


                  Thomas 
                  Masling 
               



             . I live in the Little Minories


 at the sign of the Goat


; I left the prisoner drinking in my house, March 10, about three o'clock, I came home again about the dusk of the evening, and found a tankard missing.
Q. When did you see it again?
Masling. On the Monday following it was brought to my house by the other witness.


                  Thomas 
                  Cook 
               



            . I live next door to the prosecutor; I heard he had been robb'd on the Friday; on the Saturday in the afternoon a person came into my shop and said, the prisoner was taken; I and two or three of my neighbours took the prisoner into a private room, while we were talking with him the rumour reach'd as far as Shoreditch; the landlord at the King's Arms there had lost a silver tankard, he came and charg'd the prisoner, then the prisoner said he desir'd to speak with two or three of us privately; then he made a confession how he stole it and concealed it in a blue apron under his bed unknown to his wife , and afterwards he went with it to Cheapside , and sold it for 7 l . 2 s.


                  John 
                  Acreman 
               



             . I was with the prosecutor when the prisoner confest stealing the tankard, and moreover deposited a 3 l. 12 s. piece in my hand of the money; I went to Mr. Briscoe's afterwards , and found the tankard by the information of the prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Gadbury 
               



             . I am Constable, I was by when he confest the stealing the tankard, his concealing it, and selling it as before mentioned.
Prisoner's Defence . The tankard I had of a sailor
, a shipmate; he desired me to sell it for him, I went into Cheapside and sold it for 7 l. 2 s. the sailor staid at the door to take the money, and when I came out he was gone.
There were six persons spoke well of him, as to his former character.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


