





359. 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Lawless 
                  



               
            , of St. George, Hanover-Square


, was indicted for 


               stealing a linen waistcoat, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Taylor 
                  




                
            , July 3
.



                  Edward 
                  Hammond 
               



            *. I was coming through the Park, from Kensington


, last Sunday evening, between seven and eight o'clock, and I met the Prisoner at the bar with a little child in her arms, and by the child's having good things on, and she was in a ragged condition, I did not think it was her child.
* The Court commended Mr. Hammond for acting so generous and careful a part, and recommended it as an example to others; and several gentlemen expressed an intention to employ, and promote him in his business upon that account. Mr. Hammond is a glazier, and lives in Park-Street, by Grosvenor-Square.
Q. What age is the child?
Hammond. He was in breeches; but I do not know his age. I said, I believe that is not your child; she said, the mother of the child had lent him to her to go a begging with, as she was a poor woman out of business, and I said she should go back with me to town, and shew me the friends of the child, and if she did, I would have no more to do with her. With that I went with her, and took her into a publick-house, and would have charged a constable with her, but he would not take charge of her. I asked the child what his name was, he said his name was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Taylor 
               



            , and that his father was a life-guard-man, but could not tell where he lived; however, I being acquainted with several of the life-guard-men, went to one Taylor, and then another Taylor, till I found his father out; the mother came, and said he was her child, and that she did not lend him to the Prisoner. The child had a coat on, but the waistcoat was under the Prisoner's petticoat, and the child's mother said it was her child's waistcoat. I saw the waistcoat in the Prisoner's lap, and it fell down to her feet.


                  Sarah 
                  Taylor 
               



            . On Sunday last I went up to Grosvenor-Square to see a friend, and left my child with a woman in Castle-Street, where I live.
Q. Did you miss the child?
Taylor. Yes; and I heard my child was picked up in the Park, and was at a house in Park-Street; I went, and there was my child, and the Prisoner was there; the waistcoat was held up, and I said, that is my child's waistcoat.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


