





79. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Price 
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for stealing one shilling in money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Foster 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Wilkins 
                  



                
            , Jan. 14
.


                  Charles 
                  Wilkins 
               



            . I am partner with Mrs. Foster, and the Prisoner was my servant
; I suspected him, and marked six shillings; yesterday I put them into the till, and about a quarter of an hour after he took one of these marked shillings out of the till; he put in a shilling that he took of a customer, and took one of these marked shillings out.
Q. How did you mark them?
Wilkins. C. W. 1747. upon five of the shillings, and the other I marked with a cross; the shilling that he took he produced, and laid it down upon the desk; it was marked C. W. 1747.
Q. Do you know what was in the drawer besides ?
Wilkins. Nothing but a six-pence, and the six marked shillings, besides the shilling he took of a customer.


                  Septimus 
                  Harling 
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mrs. Foster and Mr. Wilkins, at the Olive-Tree in Tower-Street; I was in the compting-house when my master marked six shillings.
Q. What mark did he put upon them?
Harling. He marked five with 
               
                  C.
                   W. 
               



            1747. and another with another mark.
Q. What was the reason of his marking these?
Harling. Because he had missed some money, and suspected the Prisoner; a person came into the shop and bespoke some things, the woman gave him a shilling, and I saw him put that into the till and take another out.
Q. Did your master challenge the Prisoner, or say any thing to him that he had taken a shilling out of the till?
Harling. Yes, he called him into the compting-house, and asked him what money he had about him; he said he had five shillings and six pence; my master said he had some of his, and desired to look at his money; he then pulled out five shillings and six pence, and laid it down upon the desk.
Q. And did you see them?
Harling. Yes; and a shilling, marked C. W. 1747. was among them. He was carried before my Lord Mayor, and he owned it then.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


