






465, 466. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Beale 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bristow 
                  



               
             , of St James's Westminster



, were indicted for 


               stealing a Cloth Coat, value 5 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Chase 
               




             , Sept. 12
.
John Chase. All that I have to say is, that I left my coat hanging on a chair in the middle of my Shop; it is in King-street, Golden-square


: I went out and shut the Door after me, but there is no fastening to it; when I returned to shut up Shop, I found the door push'd open. I thought I had been robbed, but seeing no Hats gone, I looked no farther , and did not miss my coat till next Morning . I am very sure I left it in the Shop when I went out, and the next Time I saw it, it was in the Constable's Hands .


                  John 
                  Andrews 
               



             . The two Prisoners and I, one Night about five Weeks ago, were in King street and saw this coat hanging on a chair , through the Window; we attempted to open the Door once or twice, but there was a Woman in a Back Room, who prevented us; at last we did get it open, Beale went in, took the coat, and brought it out; Bristow stood at the Door, and took it out of his Hand. We went with Intent to get some Hats, but could not. I was just come from Work, and met Beale, in Wardour-street , and knew that they intended to go out. When Beale went into the Shop, I was on the other Side of the court; it is a new court, and this House is the corner. We carried the coat that Night to Bristow's House, and they said, that in the Morning they sold it to Mrs Chandler for Half-a-crown. Beale is a Shoemaker, the other is a Carman; I have been with them before on these Occasions.


                  John 
                  Poole 
               



             . I found this coat at Mrs Chandler's, in Cucumber Alley , and I took it into my custody.
Prisoner Beale. I never was out with this Man in my Life. I never saw him above 3 Times.
Bristow. I never saw him before in my Life.


                  Frances 
                  Crossby 
               



            . I have known Beale ever since Christmas, he is my Tenant, and always behaved himself honestly and justly. I never saw Bristow, nor Andrews with him at my House. The Evidence told me at the Gate-house, that Beale was innocent, and that he never was in a Robbery with him in his Life, and was sorry for what he had done; he called me back 3 or 4 Times, and desired me to take notice of what he said.


                  Ann 
                  Williams 
               



            . I have known him since Christmas, he always behaved himself very civilly. I keep a House over against him.


                  Henry 
                  Hudson 
               



             (for Bristow). He is a very honest Man, as far as I know, I have known him almost 2 Years. He is a Carman, a very pains-taking Man, and works early and late.


                  Mary 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . I have known him 2 Years, and never knew any Harm by him, he always had the character of an honest Man. Both 

               Guilty
            .
There were several other Indictments against the Prisoners.





[Transportation. See summary.]


