





307. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Fuller 
                  



               
            , of St Ann, Westminster


 was indicted for 


               stealing one Cotton Gown, val two Dimity Petticoats, val. 8 s. 2 Bodies of val. 4 s. one Lawn Apron, val. 10 d and a Hat, val. 2 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Marsh 
                  




                
            , June 6
.


                  Martha 
                  Marsh 
               



            . * The Prisoner was my Servant
 On the 6th of June I lost these Things out of my Bureau, while I lay asleep upon the Bed; the confessed the Fact before the Justice, and went me and the Officer, where she had pawn'd and sold the Goods.
* Mrs Marsh is called Spinster in the Indictment; on the Evidence, it appeared she was a Widow; Court was of Opinion, that, as she was a single Woman, she may be a Spinster.
Prisoner. I was not her Servant; I took a Lodging there; she keeps a disorderly House, and I was to go in Company; she bought the Gown on Purpose for me, and I was to give her half a Guinea for it. [This was denied by the Prosecutrix].


                  William 
                  Parrot 
               



            . I am Apprentice to Mr. Halls; I took this Body of a Shift into pawn the 27th Instant, from the Prisoner, and lent her a Shilling upon it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Lloyd 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner 14 Years; she always pretended to me, that she belonged to Plays, &c. and was employed in Singing, and Dancing upon the Ropes, and dresses sometimes in Mens Cloaths. The 8th of this Month she came to my Shop in High-Holbourn, with this Gown upon her Back, and asked me to change it for something that fitted her better; she said, she had it out of pawn; and they would not let her try it on. without buying it outright; I gave her another Gown for it, and two Shillings to boot, and 18 d for this Apron.
Prisoner. A Dutch Woman carried me to Mrs Marsh, and had half a Crown for carrying me; I was to give her 8 s. a Week for my Lodging and Board; she lent me these Things to put on to go into Company. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


