







378. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Williamson 
                  



               
             , of St. Lawrence Jury


 , London, was indicted for 


               stealing 48 yards of broad cloth, value 30 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Percivall 
                  



                
            , March 30


.


                  John 
                  Percivall 
               



            . The Prisoner was my porter
: some time in September was twelve months he stole a piece of supersine broad cloth out of my warehouse , and in March last he stole another piece; I have found good part of it in several pawnbrokers shops cut out into remnants, some of three yards, and some more. I came to find it out by an advertisement in one of the news-papers about some goods being stopped at the Haymarket, and found it was my cloth: and hearing the Prisoner was entered on board o'ship, I went to him, and he said, if I would be favourable to him, he would tell me where he had pawned them; and I got leave of the regulating captains to take him with me. When he came on shore he told me, he had taken out of my warehouse two pieces of superfine cloth, one on the 12th of September was twelvemonths, and the other in March last.
Prisoner. Did not you say, Mr. Percivall, when you came to me on board of ship, that you had lost a couple of pieces of cloths?
Percivall. Yes.
Prisoner . Did not you ask me whether I knew the colours and the marks, and I said! knew nothing of them?
Percivall. No, you said you knew where they were.

Mr. Crew . The Prisoner pledged two remnants of woollen cloth with me, one in October, and the other in March following; one of them is superfine, and the other is not.
Percivall. They are both superfine, and I am sure they are my cloths. I had commission to sell them at 15 s. per yard.
Mr. Marsh. I have three yards of cloth which was pledged to me by one 
               
                  Edward 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I cannot be certain the Prisoner is the man.
Mrs. Goodman . Mr. Percivall came to my warehouse , and said, he had lost some cloth; he found some that he said was his, and took it away: it came in the 29th of September. I cannot pretend to know the man again that brought it.
Mr. Butcher . This is a piece of cloth which was brought to our house the 26th of September last was twelvemonths in the name of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I cannot pretend to say the Prisoner brought it it is so long ago. [Mr. Percivall proved his property in all these clothes.]
Prisoner. I never pawned any cloth of Mr. Percivall's, or any body's else. 

               Guilty
            .
He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing 17 yards of drab-coloured cloth, value 81.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Josiah 
                     Buckhurst 
                  



                
            , April 19


.
He was a third time indicted for 


               stealing 27 yards of broad cloth, value 15 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sheppard 
                  



                
             : but as the persons who had the cloths in their possession readily delivered them to the owners: the Prisoner was not tried upon these indictments.




[Transportation. See summary.]


