





257. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Collins 
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for stealing (on the 29th of April
) one Cloth Coat, value 7 s. 6 d.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hogg 
                  




                
            .
Q. to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hogg 
               



            . Did you lose a Coat at any time, and when?
Hogg. On the 29th of April, about nine o'Clock in the Morning: I lost this Coat, that was laid a-cross the Bannisters.
Q. Where do you live?
Hogg. I live in Red Lion-street, Holborn


; and at Night, my Lord, I advertised it.
Q. What Coat was it?
Hogg. A blue Grey Cloth Coat. My Wife told me, that one Mr 
               
                  Arthur 
                  Hording 
               



             on Saffron-hill came with the Coat upon his Back, and a couple of People along with him, and told her, that he knew the Man that sold the Coat ; that he was but of an indifferent Character, and that he was a Smuggler , and that he would call again on Saturday Morning .
Court. When he came again did he tell you what the Man's Name was ?
Hogg. He told me his Name was Collins; that he had some Beer at his House; or whether. he lent him any Money; he said that he stay'd within the most Part of the Day, and was out Mornings and Nights .
Q. Did you get your Coat again ?
Hogg. 'Tis in the Constable's Hands .
Q. Is that the Coat you have lost?
Hogg . This is my Coat.
Q. to 
               
                  John 
                  Clee 
               



            . How came you by that Coat?
Clee. I am Constable in St John's Street, and I was sent for in order to take this Person up for stealing of this Coat; I went before Justice Poulson, and he ordered that I should have this Coat in my Custody.
Q. Who did you see there?
Clee, I saw Harding and the Prosecutor there.
Q. to 
               
                  Arthur 
                  Harding 
               



            . Give an Account of that Coat you deliver'd before the Justice.
Harding. The Day that my Wife bought this Coat I was out. I read the Advertisement, and carried the Coat upon my Back, and went and demanded the Money that my Wife paid for it.
Eliz. Harding. The Prisoner came to my House, (I keep a publick House) it was the 3d of May, as near as I can guess, the Prisoner came in and call'd for a Pint of Beer and smoak'd a Pipe; so he ask'd me, if I would buy a Coat for my Husband, for he had an extraordinary Bargain . I said his Coat would not come upon one of my Husband's Arms.
Q. What did you give for it?
Harding. Sixteen Shillings.
Q. Did you ask him how he came by it?
Harding. He said he traffick'd in Brandy, and the Coat was pawn'd for 7 s. that he had bought it of a Gentleman in the Fleet, a Portuguese Gentleman . I gave him 16 s. all but 4 d. for it.
Court to the Prisoner. Have you any Witnesses that saw you buy the Coat .
Prisoner. I did not know my Trial would come on. I have dealt with this Mr Harding, have sold him Liquors, and gave him Permits with them. I had the Coat in lieu of some Brandy at the Fleet.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


