





25. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Tompson 
                  



               
            , was indicted on 


               suspicion of stealing two silver-buckles, and a dollar, value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , Oct. 14
.


                  James 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a goldsmith
, of St. Bride's


 parish, Fleet-street


: on the 13th of October the Prisoner at the bar and two sailors came to my shop; he, the Prisoner, introduced them into my shop with these words, you want a pair of silver buckles, come in, this gentleman will sell you a good pair; then they all three came into the shop; my shop is but narrow, and I have a place behind the counter, to do a little work in, there lay two pair of great silver buckles; one of the sailors took hold of them, and said, lets lock at these; I said they are not to be sold; says the prisoner, let the gentleman sell you a good stout pair, then you will know what you buy; so I put these out of his reach: I have a glass on both sides of my doorway, and I was obliged to go round to fetch the buckles I wanted; upon turning myself again, I missed the Prisoner, he was gone; I fetch'd the show glass to show them the new buckles; I said. where is the soldier that was with you? indeed, say they, we know nothing of him, we never saw him with our eyes before; I look'd about and saw but three buckles instead of four; I said to the sailors, the soldier had stole one of the buckles; no says they, God forbid! I ask'd him 24 s. for that pair, he bid me 20 s. they said, they were not big enough; said put one on; still I kept harping about my buckle; say they, make your self easy, you will certainly find it if you look about the shop: in that time another buckle was took out of the show-glass; I did not miss this till the next day, at last they bid me 22 s. which made me think they were no accomplices with the Prisoner; they were detected next day, as the other witness will make appear.


                  David 
                  Nash 
               



            . I am beedle of Goldsmith's-hall, a constable came to me at Goldsmith's-hall, Oct. 14. to ask me who was the maker of two odd buckles he brought with him; I told him they were made by two different persons; I told him one was Mr. Smith's work of Fleet street, and the other a person in Swan-alley; and as I was going along Fleet-street, and knew Mr. Smith very well, I call'd on him to see if he had lost any thing; he said, he had lost a large buckle by two sailors and a soldier; I ask'd him if he had lost any thing else: says I, what glass did you show them out of, after he had shew'd me, I said, can you find the fellow to the buckle I have got? so he found a buckle that match'd with that I brought from the constable; I told him the constable's name, and he had got the Prisoner in custody; so we went there: when we was there, a man says to me, if you will admit this sailor to be an evidence, he shall tell the truth; accordingly we went to the sitting alderman, where he confess'd, that they met at Holborn-bridge, i.e. the Prisoner and two sailors, and concluded to go a robbing.


                  Aaron 
                  David 
               



            . I am the constable of St. James's Duke's-place, I was sitting in an ale-house, it was the taylor's arms in Duke's Place, to drink a pot of beer, a person came into the house, and called me out of the company, he told me it was urgent business; so I went forward in the house, where is a room with boxes in it; I saw the Prisoner at the bar, he directly pull'd out these buckles and this piece of flatted silver, says he, I have these things to sell, he put them into my hand; says I, have you any thing else to sell ?
Q. What did he ask for them ?
David. He ask'd me five shillings, I cannot say he meant 5 s. an ounce, or for the whole, that I did not ask him: said I, have you nothing else to sell ? he said, no; says I, you are come to the wrong person; you must give me a good account how you came by them, or I shall stop these things and you too directly: there was a sailor sat down next him; says he, I had it of this sailor; then, says I, the sailor shall give me an account, or I shall detain him; the sailor did not deny it, but put it on three sailors which were there at that time: I was afraid there would be too many in company; so I was willing to take what I could, so I took this Prisoner and one sailor, and carry'd them to the Poultry-counter; the next day I went all over Leaden-hall-street and without Algate, to inquire what Goldsmith had lost any things; I went to Goldsmith's hall, and shew'd the buckles to Mr. Nash the beadle; he told me one was Mr. Smith's mark, and the other another name; but that person did not know who he sold them to. When we came to bring the Prisoner before the alderman, there was Mr. Smith, who brought the fellows to the buckles before ever he saw these; he told me, there was a soldier
 and two sailors at his shop the day before; he knew the Prisoner at first sight : when we brought them before alderman Davies, they made many excuses.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


