





321. + 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Rosum 
                  



               
            , of St Andrew, Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Watch, value 3 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Palmer 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his Person
            , June 2
.


                  Francis 
                  Palmer 
               



            . I live in Chick Lane, and am a Constable
; on the second of this Month I was going my Rounds, about two o'Clock in the Morning. I went down Black Boy-Alley


, and met one 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Laycock 
               



            , says she, Master, won't you give me a Dram; said I, Sarah, there's no body up.
. Was any of the Watchmen going the Rounds with you?
Palmer. No body was going with me at that Time; I had left the Watchmen at their Stand: Oh! says 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Laycock 
               



            , I will warrant you I will find a Man up; so I went with her to a Place they call Little Charles's, and presently Moll Rosum comes in, says she, Master, won't you give me a Dram?
Q How long had you been there before she came in?
Palmer. She came in, in less Time than I have been speaking about it; Said I, Polly, what do you do here; I put my Hand in my Pocket, and gave them Six-pence to drink among them. and came away, I did not stay at all; and as I was coming back again, this Moll Rosum followed me, as far as my own Door (for I was going to unlock my Door to see whether all was safe,) she came up to me and said, Well, I thank you, my Dear, God bless your Cock, or something to that Purpose : She clapp'd her Hand to my Breeches, and went away directly. I did not miss my Watch at that Time, but about a Quarter of an Hour afterwards I felt for it, and it was gone; then I suspected that she had it, as nobody had been near me but her: Away I went down again to Little Charles's to look for her, and there was 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Laycock 
               



            , says I, Sarah, Moll Rosum has got my Watch; and she said she would find her, but I did not find Poll till Ten o'Clock that Morning. I found her at the Three Tuns, hollowing, and making a Noise in her drunken Airs; I brought her down to Little Charles's, but could not make her own it; and some of the same Sortment that were there said, D - n you, you old where, are you not ashamed to serve my Master so, if you do not give him his Watch, I'll do you a Mischief. The Prisoner was pleased to use a great deal of scurrilous Language; Says she, Is that your Watch? D - n you, you Dog, do you know your Watch? Then she put her Hand into her Bosom, and pulled out a Seal and Ribbon; said she, Do you you know that, if you do not know your Watch? and I said yes, I could swear to it; I could to the Seal, if I could not to the Ribbon: Come, says she, if you will give me a Quartern, I will give you your Watch; so I was forced to comply, and I gave her 7 or 8 Quarterns, but could not get it; now, says she, your Watch is pawned for 15 s. and if you will give me 16 s. and 6 d. I will fetch it out of Pawn; so I gave her 16 s. and 6 d. and followed her to the Bull and Butcher at Cow-Cross, and then to the Boar's Head Tavern, and said, Now, Poll, let me have the Watch; and she laid the Watch down on the Table, and I took it up; she said, You son of a B - h, there's your Watch, you shall be one Pint of Wine and I will be another, and we will drink together; and we drank 3 Pints of Wine together - she laid the Watch down on the Table at the Boar's Head Tavern in Smithfield, and insisted on a Pint of Wine; and after I had taken it up, she said, Now you have got your Watch, you shall see I do not mind a Pint of Wine any more than you do, I will be a Pint with you; She had a pretty deal of Money in her Pocket then; I believe she deceived me in the pawning of the Watch.
Prisoner. Mr Palmer, where was you 2 or 3 Times along with me before that?
Palmer. No where.
Prisoner. Did not you send 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ballard 
               



             * for a laced Mob for me at 10 o'Clock one Night? Where did I set down by the Bed side with you, and you lent me Money to buy earthen Ware?
* See No 303. P. 187.
Palmer. I will explain that a little: About 2 or 3 Months ago, I was going my Rounds, and met her, says she, Master, won't you give me a Dram? (she was very drunk) says I, you are too old to be a Whore now; there is no Body will have any thing to do with you, it is Time to leave it off now, and if you don't you will go to Hell into the Bargain. - She said if she could get half a Crown she would leave it off; that she had not half a Crown in the World; said I, it is hard that all you have in the World is not worth half a Crown; if I thought it would do you good, I would not value half a Crown, and I bid the Woman at the Chandler's Shop give her 2 s. and 6 d. and I would give it her again; said I, perhaps 5 Shillings will do you more Good, and the Woman gave her 5 Shillings by my Order: Poll, is not this Truth? [The Prisoner did not deny it]
Prisoner. You were upon the Bed with me when you missed your Watch, when you kissed me and hugged me, and called me, My Dear: Did not you find your Watch again your own self; I did not think you would expose yourself after this Rate.
Palmer. After a Month's Imprisonment, and starving alive, I should have thought you would have talked in another Manner; I submit it to the Court, whether they think I would have to do with such a Creature, as that, when there are fine Girls enough to be had - I thought, as I was Constable, I was very safe; I was not afraid; I thought they would not offer to rob me.


                  William 
                  Peck 
               



             I had a Warrant brought to me, to serve upon the Prisoner; and when I took her she owned she took the Watch; and she said, if she died, it was for the Man that she loved; this is the Watch that was delivered to me.
Prisoner. Ask Mr Peck how he came by that Watch?
Peck. It was given to me at Justice Poulson's, the 4th of this Month.
Prisoner. Mr Palmer, let me see whether that is the Watch, or no.


                  Edward 
                  Chapman 
               



            . The Prisoner said at the Tavern, that she picked the Watch out of Mr Palmer's Pocket.
Prisoner. I never saw it with my Eyes before.
Chapman. She was there, and drank part of two or three Pints of Wine, and delivered the Watch to Mr Palmer.
Prisoner. I have been guilty of no Misdemeanour, but what I did in private to pleasure my Master. Mr Palmer knows I am trusted by the Heads of the Parish, and never wronged any Body. 


               Guilty of the Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


