





670. 
               
                  Otho 
                  Hemingson 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, waistcoat and breeches, val. 40 s. one linen waistcoat, val. 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Doneholme 
                        



                      
                  , two linen shirts, val. 4 s. one pair of silver shoe buckles, val 18 s. one pair of man's trowsers, and other things the goods
             of 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Jansen 
                  



                
            , Oct. 10
.


                  Christopher 
                  Doneholme 
               



            . The prisoner took one coat, two waistcoats, one pair of breeches, from me last Tuesday night, from out of the cabin; I went to a house in the Minories, and found him in bed with my breeches and waistcoat on, and my coat lying on the bed.
Q. At what house was this?
Doneholme. The house of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Brown 
               



            ; the prisoner sailed with me, he is a Dane, and so am I, he owned every thing he had taken from me, and likewise he took the other things out of a chest on board.


                  Mary 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live in the Minories, I never saw the prisoner till last Wednesday morning, he and one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Welch 
               



             came to my house, they were both in the fore-room, and wanted lodging; I told them I had a little press-bed, if they would lie there they might; the prisoner had a bundle with him, the other witness came to my house the next morning, and ask'd if there was ever a man in my house; I directed him to the prisoner, and he owned the things.


                  John 
                  Wilson 
               



            . The Captain found his clothes on the prisoner at this woman's house; I went with him, the prisoner was on bed; he own'd he had sold the buckles for 14 s. and own'd taking the other things, that he had taken 6 s. and 10 d. in English money, and 7 or 8 shillings in Danish money, saying he went and opened a man's chest in a ship by Irongate, and being examin'd on shore, said they were his own clothes.


                  Simon 
                  Ucopson 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess the taking the things; I was along with the captain and the last witness, when they found the prisoner, he had the captain's waistcoat and breeches on, and the coat lay under the pillow.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


