







294, 295, 296. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cordwell 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gough 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Rutt 
                  



               
            , of St. Ethelburg




, were indicted for 


               stealing three Iron Japan Snuff-Boxes
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Merriton 
                  




                
            , June 8
.


                  Sarah 
                  Merriton 
               



            . On the 8th of June, between 3 and 4 in the Afternoon, I saw all these Boy


s at the Shop Window: I did not like them very well; and therefore, I watched them pretty much; having to do with a great many of that Sort. I happened to turn my Head, and my Maid informed me that the Boys were lifting up the Show-Glass; I turned about again, and saw them at the Window: Rutt lifted up the Show-Glass, and Cordwell took out the Boxes; there were three lost, but I saw but one that he had in his Hand; I seized Cordwell immediately at the Window by the Show-Glass, and he threw the Box down the next Neighbour's Cellar-Window - I catched hold of two of the Boys, but one of them got away from me in the Fright; they said, there was another Boy that is not taken, that made away with the other two Boxes. Cordwell would not confess any thing at first, till he was threatned; and then, he told us where the other two were to be met with; but he did not say any thing of the third - I did not see Cordwell take it, but I saw it in his Right Hand when I seized him.


                  Mary 
                  Woodley 
               



            . I saw the Boy in the white Cap lift up the Show-Glass, and told my Mistress that the Boys were lifting up the Glass; there were two of them at the Window, and two other Boys with them. Cordwell had the Box, and I saw him throw it down - I did not see him take it - I did not see Gough do any thing.
Q. To Mrs. Merriton. What do you Value the Box at?
Mrs. Merriton. I will value it but at 6 d.
Gough. I am almost 11 Years of Age.
Rutt. I am going into 13.
Cordwell. I am the same. Gough 

               acquitted
            . Cordwell 


               Guilty 6 d.
             and Rutt 


               Guilty 6 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


