





387. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Beeson 
                  



               
             , of Chiswick


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 1 l. two shirts, value 5 s. two stock, value 1 s. three pair of stockings, value 1 s. and one pair of shoe, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Whitlaw 
                  




                
            , Sept. 18
.


                  James 
                  Whitlaw 
               



            . I am servant to Counsellor 
                  
                     Fazakerly
                  



. On Wednesday the 19th of September, I lost the key of the stable-door on Turnham Green


; and that night, between 10 and 11 o'clock, the stable was robbed, and I lost a watch, and several other things , out of my room. - I am postilion, and second coachman .


                  William 
                  Dean 
               



            , (coachman to Mr. Fazakerly.) Upon the Wednesday between 7 and 8 at night, I locked the stable door, and went out; and that evening I saw the Prisoner playing at cards at the Crown, where I went to drink a pint of beer: he swore he was very drunk, and must go to London; and he went out between 9 and 10, and Whitlaw would have had him have lain with him: and when I went home, I found the stable door unlocked, and left open.
Edward Hill said he saw him on Turnham Green the 18th of September at six at night, and he said he was in liquor, and must go to London. They were informed that he lay at the Angel at Hammersmith that night .


                  Thomas 
                  Horlock 
               



             . I keep the Angel at Hammersmith. I believe the Prisoner is the man, but I can't swear to him. He came to my house about eleven o'clock at night a month ago, and asked for a lodging: he pulled out a watch, and said, take care of this watch, it is an unfortunate watch, for I have broke two or three glasses .
Q. Do you know the watch the Prisoner left with you?
Horlock . How should I know the watch ? I don't know the watch; this watch has got a glass in it, that had none.


                  William 
                  Coare 
               



             ( Constable .) Mrs. Gibbon at the Red Lion in Gray's-inn-lane sent for me, and said she believed the Prisoner was the person that robbed Mr. Fazakerly's servant. I said, Young man, you had better make an ingenuous confession , and it will be the better for you. And then the Prisoner pulled out a watch, and said, this is the watch I took from Whitlaw. I asked him how he could serve a man so, who had been to kind to him . He said, he believed the devil was in him, or the devil possessed him; and he gave me a pair of stockings off his legs, and a short off his back , and owned the taking the shoes, but that he got drunk and lost them: he said he found the key of the stable, and took the things out of the Prosecutor's room.
Mrs. Gibbon said, the Prisoner had lived twice with them, and always behaved very handsomly: that she had heard of the robbery, and so took the Prisoner up, and he owned he took the things out of the stable. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


