





368. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     White 
                  



               
            , of St. John, Hackney


, was indicted for 


               stealing a parcel of shirts and shifts, &c. the property of sundry persons in the workhouse of that parish
            , Sept. 24
.


                  James 
                  Fletcher 
               



            , [master of the workhouse.] The Prisoner belongs to the parish of St. John, Hackney, and has been in the work-house. These goods were lost out of the work-house; I had a suspicion of the Prisoner, and sent after her, and heard of her in Castle street. She had broke over the wall, and took the things away. I have known her about three years and an half, she is about 26 years of age, and able to work, but does not love it. She says the gentlemen shall maintain her without working.
White. I am out of my senses sometimes, and I have hanged myself , and the master of the workhouse has cut me down again. Ask him whether he has not.
Fletcher . No, I never did cut her down. She can sham mad when she pleases. I do not take her to be mad.
Q. Did she ever attempt to hang herself?

Fletcher . Yes, she did when we brought her in a cart to Newgate. She would put a string about her neck sometimes, and make us believe she would hang herself; but she has more wit than to do that.


                  Edward 
                  Dudley 
               



             . A person belonging to the work-house said, when he heard the work-house was robbed, he suspected the Prisoner, and went into Castle street, and found the things at Mr. Smith's, where the Prisoner had left them, and she found the Prisoner at, lodging house, and brought her to her own house. That when the Prisoner saw him, she said, d - you, what do you do here? and he said, he came to take her for robbing the work-house, but she denied the fact, though she had a shift and a hood on that belonged to their people: and the other things were in the bundle she brought there.


                  Ann 
                  Grosvenor 
               



             proved the things that were taken upon the Prisoner to be the property of her and others belonging to the house.


                  Ann 
                  Smith 
               



             proved the Prisoner brought a bundle to her house, and left it there, and was sure that the apron the bundle was tied up in, was the same the Prisoner brought, and that she said she found the things at London house.


                  Jemima 
                  Kirton 
               



             , said when she first came down in the morning she found the wash-house in a great disorder, and these things lost.
Q. Do you take her to be mad?
Kirton . She is more politick than mad. She is more knave than fool.
Prisoner. That very woman three years ago cut the halter off my neck, and sent for a surgeon to bleed me.
Kirton . I know nothing of it. I never saw a halter about your neck, and I hope I never shall. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


