





279. + 
               
                  Robert 
                  Miller 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Reynart 
                  Pieterz 
               




             , May the 16th
.
Reynart Pieterz. On the 16th of this month I lost a handkerchief.
Q. Where did you lose it?
Pieterz . Just by the Exchange.
Q. Where was your handkerchief?
Pieterz. It was upon the ground.
Q. But where was it before?
Pieterz. In my pocket, and I found it lying by the Prisoner's feet.
Q. What time was this?
Pieterz. About two o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. What reason had you to think the Prisoner took it? was it only because you saw it lying at the Prisoner's feet?
Pieterz. No, my lord, here is a gentleman that saw him take it out of my pocket.


                  Samuel 
                  Totton 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner at the bar take the handkerchief out of Capt. Pieterz's pocket, and I took it in his hand directly, and he dropt it.
Q. Did he drop it immediately?
Totton. No; he held it about a quarter of a minute; I believe he was confused, being so suddenly seized; and then he struck me, and endeavoured to force himself from me, and got away; but by the assistance of the keeper of the Exchange, he was taken.
Prisoner. My lord, I am troubled with fits, and sometimes I don't know what I do.


                  George 
                  Kitchen 
               



            , for the Prisoner.
Q. What are you?
Kitchen . A victualler.
Q. Where do you live?
Kitchen. At the One-Ton, on Holborn-Hill .
Q. How long have you known the Prisoner?
Kitchen. Twelve months.
Q. What does he do for his living?
Kitchen. He is a poor fellow that goes of errands; he used to run of errands for gentlemen at our house; he is very much troubled with fits, and is half an ideot.
Q. Did you never lose any thing by him?
Kitchen. No; nor never mistrusted him.


                  Nicholas 
                  Mallet 
               



            . I live at the Magpy at Holborn-Bridge: I have known him four years, and I never knew, or heard, that he ever wronged any body else of a penny.


                  Richard 
                  Miller 
               



            . The Prisoner is my brother: I have maintained him six or seven years, except what little matters he got by running of errands for gentlemen, and have worked hard for him: He has been under most of the doctors hands in London, and I never heard that he was ever challenged with any such thing before.




               Guilty, 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


