






57, 58. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Brown 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Campbell 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing Five hundred Weight of Sugar, the Goods of Persons unknown; five Quart Bottles of Rum, one Bottle of Madeira Wine, and two Elephants Teeth, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bussy 
                        




                      
                  , in the Ship called the Peggy and Jenny



. Novemb. 21
.


                  Martin 
                  Long 
               



            . I am Master of the Ship, Peggy and Jenny; the Ship was in Carter's Dock at Limehouse-Hole


 I lost a Quantity of Sugar out of the Hold in a Cask; some Rum and Wine in a Chest, and two Elephants Teeth, which were under the Bed in the State-Room. The 22d of November, as Mr Barnes was going with me to the Ship, I met my Steward, says he, I have ca ught the Thief, it is the Boy, Dick. Brown said before Justice Jones , on the 22d of November, that Dick French persuaded him to take these Things out of the Ship; and 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Campbell 
               



             said, the Boy had enticed him to do so. - I take the Sugar to be the Property of divers Persons, because it is the Scrapings of the Ship.
Richard French. The first Day our Ship went into Dock, I met Brown , and another; they asked me if the Sweepings of the Sugar were gone, I said no; they asked me if I would sell it, I told them it was not mine; they said you foolish Rogue, as the Ship is in Dock, you may venture to do it , so I said they might have it if they would come for it: This was about the Middle of November, about 12 at Night. Friday, November 20, I met Campbell, he asked me if he should come for the Sweepings, I told him yes, and on Sunday Night, Brown and Campbell, got a Lighter Man's Skiff , and came into the Ship Peggy and Jenny : I opened the Gratings on the Quarter Deck, and went down between Decks into the Steerage, opened the Hatch, and went down in the Hold where the Cask of Sugar was; Campbell held a Bag and Brown put the Sugar into it with a Shovel, there was about 5 or 6 Hundred Weight; Campbell handed the Bags, then they carried them into the Hatch-Way, laid them on the Gratings, and afterwards carried them to the House of one Wright , at the Black Swan, in Ratcliff; Brown carried up the Elephants Teeth, and the Rum. I drew a Staple out of the Chest with a Marling-Spike which Brown gave me: I took out one Bottle, says Brown , What signifies one, take 5 or 6 they will serve us to drink, so we took out 5 more, with Wine and Rum; the Skiff lay at the Dock Gate: Brown went on Shore and Campell handed them to him; these were all put into the Boat, and landed at Wright's House, as soon as they came up the Sugar was delivered to Wright himself, and put by under his Care - he carried it into a little Room - Wright carried the Candle and Brown carried in the Sugar, Wright told Brown and Campbell, that the Bags were wet, and made the Sugar run, and Wright got a couple of dry Bags and put the Sugar into them; the Bottles and the Elephants Teeth were all delivered to Mrs Wright, and she carried them up Stairs. - The Goods were to be sold, and each of us was to have an equal Share of the Money. - I was took up the next Morning, that was the Reason they were not sold. I have known the Prisoners about three Weeks, they worked out the Ship. - I never had any Promises from any Body.
- The Captain's Mate. Sunday the 21st of November, I went on Board the Ship; in the Morning, 
               
                  William 
                  Shortling 
               



             told me the Ship had been robbed; I went in search after the Boy, and found him at the White-Lion, the Corner of Shadwell-Market. On Monday I went to the Captain, he came and charged a Constable with him, and carried him before Justice Jones.


                  Charles 
                  Barnes 
               



             . The 22nd of November, I went with Captain 
               
                  Long
               


             to see the Ship; Wm Shortling, the Steward, said, I have found the Thief, and said it was the Boy Dick. When the Prisoners were before Justice Jones , Brown did own that he did assist them with a Marling-Spike; and in helping the Sugar off; Campbell at that Time, said he knew nothing of the Matter . There were no Promises of Favour, but Captain 
               
                  Long
               


             did observe once, that Brown was going to hang himself, and cautioned him not.
William Watson. I was at the taking of the Boy, and was before the Justice, I heard Brown say, he handed a Marling-Spike down to the Boy and assisted him in taking the Sugar and other Things; Campbell said little or nothing.


                  William 
                  Shortling 
               



            . I am Steward of the Ship. Saturday Night after the Labourers had done Work, I made fast the Ship, I quarrelled with this Boy and licked him, I came on Board the Ship on Monday, and upon the Steerage I saw some empty Bottles, and saw the Staple of the Chest was drawn; I struck a Light, and missed 5 Bottles of Rum and one of Wine, I went into the Cabbin, and found this Boy French's Hat in the Gun-Room, and then I looked for the Elephants Teeth, which I had hid under the Bed in the State-Room; I found him at the Dutch Skippers , or White Lyon, at Shadwell Market ; said I, Dick you are a Rogue, you have robbed the Ship, I brought him on board and put him in Irons, and he confessed the Thing: I went down into the Hold, and they had left the Spade in the Cask, and the Cask was quite empty.
- Willoughby . I was at the White Lyon, when the Boy was taken, says the Prisoner Brown , Lord bless me, what have I done? There was a Man very well dressed there, who said, do not mind what the Boy says, you shall not be hurt, and swore to it.


                  Thomas 
                  Currier 
               



             . I have known Brown ever since the Year 1738, he failed 2 Voyages with me to Greenland, he behaved well, and never had a bad Character before this.


                  Henry 
                  Hayes 
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Harding 
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Sedger 
               



             , gave him the Character of an industrious honest Man.


                  William 
                  Littleton 
               



            . I have known the Prisoners between 4 and 5 Years, and took them both to be very honest Men.


                  John 
                  Sawyer 
               



             Neale . I have known the Prisoners about 2 Years, and never heard but they were sober honest Fellows. 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


