





118 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Harvey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Silver Watch, the Goods and Chattels of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Brown 
                        



                      
                  ; and a Cloth Coat
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Seater 
                  



                
            , December 31
.
Q. to 
               
                  James 
                  Seater 
               



            . What have you to say against the Prisoner at the Bar? Do you know him?
Seuter . I only delivered the Coat (that is found upon the Prisoner) to be sent down by the 
               
                  Clare 
                  Waggon 
               



            .
Q. Where did you find the Coat?
Seuter . The Coat was taken upon his Back.
Q. Did you see it?
Seuter. No, my Lord, I was down in the Country, threescore Miles off.
Q. Do you know any thing against the Prisoner yourself?
Seuter. No, my Lord, I never saw him in my Life.
Q. to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Peen 
               



            . What have you to say of the Prisoner?
Peen. 
               
                  James 
                  Seuter 
               



            , the Owner of this Coat, left this Coat at my House the last Day of the last Month; I live at the Sign of the George at Ilford, it was wrapped up in a clean Table cloth, I saw it given to the Waggoner that it might be left safe ; afterwards I saw the Prisoner get into the Waggon.
Q. Are you sure the Coat was delivered?
Peen . I am sure it was; I gave him a special Charge of it, because it was a new one, and the Waggoner throwed the Tilt on and went off; the Waggon went off the First Day of this Month at Night, about Six o'Clock, from my House. On the Fifth, the Waggoner came to me, to desire to know if I could swear to the Coat; I said I was sure I could, because I delivered it.
Q. Where did you find the Prisoner?
Peen. In the Country. I says to the Prisoner, Don't you remember being at the George at Ilford such a Night? Do you know me? he said no: Don't you remember I went to the Waggoner and desire him to be careful of this Coat? and he said he did: I said he was sadly to blame he did not pull off the Coat.
Q. Whose Coat was it?
Peen. James Seuter's .
Q. What do you know of the Watch?
Peen . I know nothing of the Watch; when it was asked what was o'Clock, he pulled out a Watch seeing the Fellow very indifferently dressed, we wondered to see such a Fellow pull out a Watch.
Q. to Seuter. Look at that Coat.
Seuter. My Lord, 'tis my Coat; I left it at the George at Ilford the last Day of December.
Q. Who keeps that House?
Seuter . 
               
                  Robert 
                  Peen 
               



             .
Q. How came you by your Coat again?
Seuter. The Coat was taken off before the Justice I left it to be sent down by 
               
                  Clare 
                  Waggon 
               



             in Suffolk .
Q. to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Start 
               



            . What have you to say as to the Watch, against the Prisoner?
Start. My Lord, I was Constable. I was by when the Watch was taken out of the Prisoner's Pocket, and delivered into my Hands.
Q. What Watch was it?
Start. A Silver Watch.
Q. Do you know whose Watch it is?
Start. It belongs to one Brown a Quaker.
Q. How do you know that?
Start. He will be here presently to prove it.
Q. Did the Prisoner say any thing of it?
Start He asked the Carrier's Servant if he could swear to that Watch; he said he would go to a Watchmaker that could swear to the Owner of the Watch, and the Maker's Name; Mr Brown's Servant came and owned the Watch, it was what was sent down to a Country Chap.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


