





[Note: this edition of the Proceedings was misdated on the original title page. The correct dates for this meeting of the court are MAY 11, 12 and 13, 1749.]
336. 
               
                  Martha 
                  Hall 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one gold watch, value 10 l. a Pinchbeck mettle chain, value 5 s. a blood-stone heart, and philosopher's stone egg, value 5 s. and other things the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Brooker 
                        




                      
                   , widow, in the dwelling-house of the said Mary
            , Sept. 15
.


                  Mary 
                  Brooker 
               



             . I am a milliner
, and have a room within my shop where this watch was hanging up; I left my journey woman at home; when I came home my watch was gone, and these things hanging to it; my journeywoman told me no body but the prisoner at the bar had been there since I went out. I have known her for some years , and she knew she had never a friend in the world like my self. On the 22d of April, having by that time some little suspicion of her, I took a gentleman with me and went over the water to the farther end of Tooly-street; she came home with me to my own house; she first said she sold it for a guinea ; then she said she had pawn'd it for a guinea ; we went all three to the pawnbroker's, and charg'd him with it, and there was no such thing , she never brought it; then she fell down on her knees and wrung her hands , and said it was gone, and I should never see it more, saying she sold it on the Custom-house key, to a man in a white cap; she ask'd him three guineas for it, and he offer'd her two; he call'd to a man in a jacket and trowsers bring a light to look on it; after which he gave her three guineas .



                  Roger 
                  Griffin 
               



             confirmed the same, beginning at the 22d of April.


                  Sarah 
                  Simm 
               



             . My mistress left me in the shop, September 15, about ten in the morning the prisoner came; I wanted to step up stairs and left her in the room where the watch hung; I staid about a quarter hour; I found her by herself when I came down; after she was gone , going to see what was o'clock, it was about four I missed the watch.




               Guilty of stealing, but not out of the dwelling house. 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


