





105. 
               
                  
                     Judith 
                     Taylor 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two Pewter Plates, one Holland Shirt, one Table cloth, one Napkin
            , &c. the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Howel 
                  




                
             of Fetter lane, January 3
.


                  Thomas 
                  Howel 
               



             . I employed the Prisoner as a Washerwoman
, and to scour my Pewter; I live at the Red-hart in Fetter lane


 ; on Saturday was Fortnight she was at my House at scouring, I think it was the 3d of this Month, and in the Afternoon the Plate was sent out of Holbourn by a Pewterer to ask if it was my Plate: one of the Pewter Plates that she took was not mine, it was a new Plate that was sent to my House with some Brawn.
Q. Did you lose any thing else?
Howel . That Day Week when she came to scour again, and I asked her how she could serve me so, to go to sell my Plate, she made me Answer, It was not wronging of me, it was not my Plate; I said it was wronging of me, as it was in my Possession; I said she should work no more for me, so I got a Warrant and took her up.
Q. What have you lost?
Howel . I have lost a great many Things of Shifts and Shirts, and my Shelf stripped of all my Pewter; I went up into Holbourn among her Acquaintance where she had worked, there I found she had sold a Shirt, Neckcloth, and Napkin, and a Couple of Plates, a diaper Napkin and Table cloth; the Napkin and Table-cloth I found at Mr Gibbons in Little Turn stile, at a Pawnbroker's.
Q. Where did you find your Plates?
Howel . The Plates I found at Mr Singleton's .


                  Thomas 
                  Gibbons 
               



            . I am a Pawnbroker, there was a Table-cloth and a Napkin Mr Howel had out which she brought, I lent her two Shillings upon them, she lived in the Neighbourhood, and has done many Years; any thing she brought that was not likely to be her own, she said she came from other People.


                  William 
                  Singleton 
               



            . About the 12th of December, the Prisoner at the Bar brought two Plates to my House, and pawned them for 8 d.


                  Mary 
                  Townsend 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner a great while, she had used my House about seven Months; about two Months ago she brought that Neckcloth to sell, she said it was her Husband's Brother's.
Q. Are you sure that was the Neckcloth?
Townsend . Yes, Sir, I delivered it to Mr Howel.
Q. Did you buy it?
Townsend . I gave her for it one and twenty Pence, a Pint of Beer, and a Quartern of Gin, and a Bit of Victuals I gave her when she sat drinking of it; after that she told me she had some Shirts in pawn, that she wanted to sell them; I had lately bought my Husband Linnen, and I did not want, and I said I did not care to buy them; about seven or eight Weeks ago she came to me and said, if I would not fetch them, that such a Woman in the Neighbourhood would take them, I took Money in my Pocket, and went to Mr Gibbons , Pawnbroker, and she asked for a Shirt in her Name, and I paid 5 s. 6 d. for it; when I came Home, I looked at the Things, I said did it belong to the same Person, she said it belonged to the same Person that the Cravat belonged to, she said it was her Husband's Brother's; upon that I examined it, and she had seven Shillings for the Shirt, and it cost me one Shilling the altering, my Husband did not care to wear it, and he never had it on his Back but two Days.
Court to the Prisoner. What have you to say in your Defence?
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, they have said more than they can answer; I can say no more, God forgive them. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


