





177. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Carter 
                  , otherwise 
Nall




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one Cotton Gown, Value 5 s. and one Cloth Cloak
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Brooks 
                  




                
            , the 26th of March
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Eliz. Brooks.) Have you lost any thing?
Brooks. Yes, a strip'd Cotton Gown, and a white short Cloak.
Q. When.
Brooks. The 26th of March.
Q. From whence were these Things taken?
Brooks. From my Room in King-Street.
Q. How came you to suspect the Prisoner?
Brooks. About Six o'Clock in the Evening I sent a little Child out for a Candle; I went down Stairs and miss'd it, about five Minutes after the Child came in.
Q. How came you to suspect the Prisoner?
Brooks. I open'd the Street-Door without a Gown; and when I look'd out, before I had Power to ask any Question, the Prisoner said she had lost a Bunch of Turneps.
Q. She lives then in your Neighbourhood?
Brooks. Yes, Sir, facing of me. I said to her, Did you see any body come out of my House? She said, she could not look after my House, for she herself had lost a Bunch of Turneps, and she seem'd to take it amiss that I should ask her about any Persons coming in. When the Thing was talk'd of, she, the Prisoner, said, Mrs. Brooks has been taxing me about it. She said I should never hear the last of it. The next Day I sent for her over, for very dishonestly People use her House; I said to her, if you can tell me any thing of my Gown, I shall be oblig'd to you; but she told me I should never hear the last of it. The next Day I went into Rag-Fair, and I found it in Rosemary-Lane, as I was going along; it was hanging in the Window.
Q. Did you tell the Gentleman that you lost it?
Brooks. I told him it was my Gown, and I desir'd him not to sell it. I ask'd him, if he had such a Thing as a white Short-Cloak, which they had.
Q. Did they give any Account of the Person that brought it thither?
Brooks. When they described the Person, it gave me the more Suspicion. Please you, my Lord, this same Woman, the Prisoner at the Bar, was in Rosemary-Lane, and this Woman by; the Prisoner ask'd, if she knew where she could sell a Gown and Cloke; whereupon she carried her to her Master; they told her, they hop'd she came honestly by it; she answer'd, yes.
Q. Was she taken up?
Brooks. Yes; but denied before the Justice that she either took it or sold it.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Will you ask her any Question?
Prisoner. If you will please to ask her, my Lord, whether I was in her House?
Court. She does not say you was.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  John 
                  Linstad 
               



            .) What do you know of this Gown?
Linsted. This Gown and Cloak was brought to me the 26th or 27th of March, I cannot say; the Gown and Cloak was brought to my Shop by a Woman that my Workwoman brought in; she came to sell these Things.
Q. Who had the Money for them?
Linsted. The Prisoner.
Q. Who appear'd as the Owner of them?
Linsted. The Prisoner at the Bar; she sold them as her own.
Q. What did she sell them for?
Linsted. For 5 s.
Court. (to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Williams 
               



            .) Look upon that Gown and Cloak; pray what do you know of them?
Williams. I am Workwoman to this Gentleman. I met the Prisoner at the Bar in the Street, and she ask'd me, if I could tell her of any Body that would buy a Gown and Cloak of her, and I brought her to this Gentleman, my Master, and she sold them for 5 s.

Court. (to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Lawrer 
               



            .) What have you to say of the Prisoner?
Lawrer. I was sitting in this Gentleman's Shop when this Woman, the Prisoner, came in; I was there while he and his Wife bought this Gown and Cloak of the Prisoner at the Bar, and she bought a coarse Shift for a Girl, as she said, of 14 Years of Age.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



            .) What have you to say of the Prisoner?
Brown. I have known the Prisoner these four Years.
Q. What's her Business ?
Brown. She is a very honest industrious Woman, and willing to live in the World; I have sent her out with 8 or 9 l. at a Time, and she always was very honest. About a Fortnight ago a Quarrel arose among the Irish; they said they would do for her before a Month was at an End. This Dispute arose with this Woman soon after this. Mrs. Brooks has lived well in the World; but I believe of late she has been a little lunatick.
Q. Do you know any thing of the Pawnbroker?
Brown. He is no Pawnbroker.


                  Mary 
                  Abury 
               



            . Please you, my Lord, Mrs. Brooks said she was robb'd; she came to our House for a Halfpenny Candle; I told her I stood at the Door a great while, and I did not see any body go in. She said to the Prisoner she must needs know something of it, for no body could go into her House but she must see them, and the Prisoner said, she had lost a Bunch of Turneps herself.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  William 
                  Butcher 
               



            .) What do you say about this Matter?
Butcher. Please you, my Lord, when the Woman's Things were lost, (the Gown and Cloak) the Prisoner at the Bar was at her own Door a knitting for above an Hour.
Q. How long was you there?
Butcher. The best Part of an Hour. During this Time, Brooks complain'd of being robb'd, she sent her Girl to my House for a Candle; when Mrs. Brooks said she had lost her Gown and Cloak, the Prisoner was at the same Juncture of Time sitting at her own Door a-knitting.
Q. How came you to be so particular, to be so long at the Door looking over your Hatch?
Butcher. Please you, my Lord, I have been ill; and it was above an Hour. Mrs. Brooks liv'd next Door to me: She is up all Hours of the Night.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Linsted, the Broker) Pray what Time were these Things brought to you ?
Linsted. About Seven or Eight o'Clock at Night, the 26th or 27th of March.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Williams.) Can you recollect what Time it was you saw this Woman in Rosemary-Lane?
Williams. About Eight o'Clock, as near as I can guess.
Q. How far from Rosemary-Lane do these People live?
Williams. They live in King-Street, Wapping. The Prisoner told me she liv'd in Katherine Wheel-Alley in Whitechapel, when she sold the Things.


                  Eleanor 
                  Wood 
               



            . What do you know of the Prisoner?
Wood. She has a very good Character, and 'tis unknown the Money I have had in my Drawers, that has always been safe. I have left her in the House for a Week or ten Days together, and never missed a Halfpenny in my Life.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


