





144. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cossett 
                  



               
            , of St. Paul Shadwell


, was indicted for 


               stealing a pewter tankard, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Linnell 
                  Lee 
               




            , January 12
.
Linnell Lee. I live at the Sun Tavern


 at Shadwell


 : last Saturday night between ten and eleven a man* comes in who has a mock voice, and I understanding since that the Prisoner is a slight of hand man, I saw something between his legs, and upon that I enquired what tankards there were, and there was one missing. I said to my servant, I believe the man in the box next to the door has it between his legs. My man went up to him, put his hand between his legs, and said, now I have got what I wanted, and took it from him.
* One 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Moore 
               



            . who keeps the three Tuns in Ayloffe Street Goodman's Fields, and husband of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Moore 
               



            , who was examined upon the Trial of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Sims 
               



            , Trial 140.
Q. What did he say when the tankard was taken from him?

Lee. He said he was going to shew me a slight of hand trick; I believe he took it to be a silver tankard.


                  William 
                  Paine 
               



            . I took the tankard from between his legs - he had it concealed between his thighs.
Prisoner. When I am out of business, I shew tricks to divert people. I have been often at your house, and you have given me leave to do it, and I thought I might take the freedom with you.
Q. Did you ever give him leave to shew tricks in your house?
Lee. I believe he did about two years ago.
Prisoner. There is one 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Moore 
               



            , a man who has two voices, was diverting some gentlemen in the house, and I thought at a proper time to shew them a fancy, for I always carry a live pidgeon, and I took this tankard to make use of upon that occasion.
Jury. Was he shewing any tricks at that time?
Lee. I did not know he was in the house.


                  Alice 
                  Knabb 
               



            . I never heard a mouthful of ill of him in my life.


                  John 
                  Ravenscroft 
               



            . I live at the three Tuns in the Old Bailey, I have known the Prisoner four years, his character was always that of a very honest man: he was my servant
 two years ago when I kept a coffee-house in Smithfield. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            

When the Jury brought in their verdict, the Prisoner said, how do you know what I designed to do with the tankard?




[Transportation. See summary.]


