





160. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Farley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 80 lb. Weight of Leaden Pipe, from the House of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Corbin 
                        




, the 28th of February
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  John 
                  Corbin 
               



            .) Give an Account of what you know of this that Farley is charg'd with, of stealing Lead from your House, I think it is in Fishers-Alley, Petticoat-Lane


.
Corbin. There was about nine Yards of Leaden Pipe taken away, between Eleven and Twelve o'Clock at Night.
Q. Where was this Lead?
Corbin. It was put under Ground to bring Water up to some Houses of mine.
Q. In whose Occupation are they?
Corbin. One Mr. Nicholas, a Tenant the Corner of the Alley.
Q. How much was taken?
Corbin. Nine Yards was taken, and three Yards were found upon this Man, the Prisoner.
Q. Was you present?
Corbin. No, my Lord; but Mr. Nicholas was


                  Thomas 
                  Nicholas 
               



            . The 21st of February I detected them in digging the Pipe, between Seven and Eight o'Clock; I ask'd them what they were doing? They said they were digging Pipe out of Water; that they did not pay for the Water. I was forc'd, with a great many Words, to prevent them digging. The 28th of February they came again; I got the Watchman to my Assistance, and I took the Prisoner at the Bar with the Pipe upon his Back.
Q. What Pipe was it?
Nicholas. A Leaden Pipe that brings the Water up to my House.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Will you ask the Witness any Question? He says, he took you with this Leaden Pipe upon your Back, that you had taken from the other Part of the Pipe. Prisoner, now is your Time to make your Defence.
Prisoner. Please you, my Lord, I was going home out of Whitechapel in Petticoat-Lane; it was very dark in the Foot-way; I stumbled upon this Pipe; stumbling upon it, I took it up, and was carrying of it home.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Have you any Witnesses?
Prisoner. Please you, my Lord, I have nobody to speak but myself.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


