





264. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Stavenaugh*
                  , otherwise 
Elizabeth the wife
 of 
                        
                           Francis 
                           Howell 
                        








            , of St. Andrew Holborn


, was indicted for 


               stealing six yards of checked linen, value 6 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Goddard 
                  




                
            , March 27th
.
 * She lived with 
               
                  Henry 
                  White 
               



             in Shoe lane, who was convicted last sessions for stealing two pieces of printed linen and cotton from Mrs. Goddard [the present Prosecutrix] upon the evidence of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Bibby 
               



            , and is transported. See sessions paper Number 4. page 107 trial 202.
[Mrs. Goddard being a Frenchwoman, and not understanding English, an interpreter was sworn.]
Mrs. Goddard said she lives in Moor street by the Seven Dials


, that about five or six weeks ago, she lost two remnants of checked linen out of her shop (which were produced in court.) She was asked, whether she knew the prisoner, but being ancient, and her sight bad, she went to the bar to look at the prisoner, and said, she believed she had seen her in her shop.


                  Sarah 
                  Bibby 
               



             [a girl about fourteen years of age.] About six weeks ago, the prisoner went along with Cobler [John Price, a little boy who was convicted last sessions and transported.] 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Soames 
               



             [convicted last sessions for receiving stolen goods] and myself into a shop by St. Giles's, under pretence of buying an apron; we saw no body there, and when we came in, that old gentlewoman [Mrs. Goddard] was asleep; there were two pieces of checks lying upon the counter, which Howell took, and put into a great round-about apron, and went away with them, and gave them to Soames, and she let them fall, and then the prisoner took them up again; she gave us 18 d. a piece for our shares. She persuaded me to go from my mother, and go along with them; and because I would not go with them to smother the old gentlewoman -
Q. What do you mean by smother?
Bibby. To throw a cloth over her face, and rob the shop; and because I would not do that, the prisoner stuck a fork into my leg. The prisoner and Soames pawned the things at Mrs. Collin's in Fetter lane.
Q. Have you been with her at other times?
Bibby. Yes: she used to go frequently into the city, and rob people.
Prisoner. She is forced to swear this, or else she would not swear it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Collins 
               



            . On the 27th of March the prisoner brought these checks to my house to pawn.
Q. Do you know the prisoner?
Collins. I have known her sometime by being in the neighbourhood, but I never took her to be a thief before; but finding afterwards that she was concerned in this way, and the checks being described, I stopped her in my own shop.
Prisoner. She takes in pawns for a halfpeny worth of gin, and I being a market woman, and an honest woman, people carry things in my name, and they will give more upon them than if they were not brought in my name.
Bibby. She sent her mother to my father to offer me a shilling if I would not appear against her.
Prisoner. I have no mother.
Bibby. It is your husband's mother.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Buckley 
               



            . The Prisoner harbours children to run them: my child has gone a thieving with her, and is transported. I found this Bibby there, and beat her, and broke my horse-whip to pieces upon her, though I had no concern with her.


                  Sarah 
                  Moore 
               



            . This Bibby came several times to the goal, swore and cursed, and said she would put her into the information; and the Prisoner said if you do, you will put me in wrongfully; and Bibby said, I cast five last sessions, and I will cast you for your life this sessions, and put some clothes on my back.
Bibby. What day was that?
Moore. I cannot tell what day it was.
Bibby. Is it a fortnight ago?
Moore. It is less than a week; you came several times.
Q. Where do you live?
Moore. I am a Prisoner.
Q. What are you confined for?
Moore. I am confined for a robbery of a handkerchief.


                  Martha 
                  Biggs 
               



            . Bibby has come and insulted the Prisoner, and the Prisoner said she was in wrongfully; and Bibby said she had hanged five or six last sessions, and she would hang a great many more.
Q. Did you hear her say she had hanged any body?
Biggs. She said she had convicted five people last sessions.
Bibby. What day was that?
Biggs. I can't tell, you was there several times.

Bibby. This 
               
                  Sarah
                   Moore*
               



             kept a house in Black Boy Alley, and harboured thieves. She goes by the name of 
               
                  Phillis 
                  Cox 
               



            , otherwise Booker.
* She was tried this sessions for privately stealing a  from Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Barnes 
               



            , and acquitted.
Prisoner. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Bibby 
               



             came to me, and said she was sorry she had charged me, for I was innocent. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


