






138, 139. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Grace 
                  



                
             , together with 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Butler 
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing (on the 18th of May) one Stick, value 6 d. two Shirts, value 4 s. two Handkerchiefs, value 1 s. 6 d. one Muslin Neckcloth, value 6 d. one everlasting Waistcoat, value 2 s. one Pair of Silver Spurs, value 15 s. one Leather Bag, value 2 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hensman 
                  




                
            .
Q. to 
               
                  William 
                  Hensman 
               



            . Do you know the Prisoner Grace?
Hensman. I don't know the Prisoner. I gave 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Davis 
               



             my Bags; there was in them Linen and Silver Spurs.
Q. Where does she live?
Hensman. At Islington , at the Py'd Bull ; she is Servant at that publick House.
Q. When was this?
Hensman. The 17th of Day of May.
Q. What was in the Bags?
Hensman. One Stock, one Neckcloth, a Pair of Silver Spurs, two Shirts, one was flaxen, two Handkerchiefs, one Waistcoat, call'd Everlasting, and a Pair of Stockings, I delivered to this Woman at the Py'd Bull at Islington : I left them till call'd for, and I call'd for them the 18th, and when I call'd for them they were stolen.
Q. Do you know any thing of the Prisoners stealing of them?
Hensman. Yes, my Lord.
Q. How came you by these Things again?
Hensman. By a Gentleman's following of them, that is in Court.
Q. Who deliver'd them to you?
Hensman . The Constable.
- White, Constable. I don't know any thing of them, but as they were delivered to me.
Q. Who delivered them to you?
White. The People that keep the Py'd Bull .

Q. Who deliver'd them to you? Tell me the Name of the Person. At the same Time that any body deliver'd the Goods to you, did they deliver the Prisoners?
White. Yes, the Goods and the Prisoners.
Q. Had you the Goods, and you don't know of who?
White. There was such Crouds at the House that I can't remember.
Q. to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Davis 
               



            . What do you know of this Matter?
Davis. Mr Hensman deliver'd the Bag to me, and I put it in the Bar-Window about two o'Clock; the next Day they were taken away. Grace and Butler were brought the next Day with the Goods.


                  George 
                  Brown 
               



            . On the Monday 18th of May, between one and two, I saw two Gentlemen come along very brisk in Discourse; this little Man, the Prisoner at the Bar was following these two Gentlemen, he took hold of the Gentleman's Flap of his Coat, and put his Hand to his Pocket; by and by he followed the Gentleman again, and pick'd out the Gentleman's Silk Handkerchief. Then they went over the Bank into the Widow Bentley's Yard, and I went up the Field to see if they came that way, to take a Look at them; and they went the other Way into her Yard, and between one and two this young Man at the Bar, with this Bag, came out of the Py'd Bull Yard.
Q. How did he carry them?
Brown. He had the Bags in an Apron.
Q. How do you know these are the Bags?
Brown. I know them, my Lord. Grace the Prisoner had these Bags, and these Things were in them. I ran back to the Widow Bentley, and told her, that I believed two Men had robb'd her of some Bags. When we told them of it they miss'd them. We got some of Mrs Bentley's People and pursued them. When we came to them, the tall one pull'd out a Knife and said, he would cut their Eyes out; with that he ran away, and the Prisoner Grace ran after him. When they saw they were surrounded they both laid upon the Bags. When Butler had said he would cut their E yes out, and they both ran away, I ran the length of a Field or two; then I bethought myself to take the Bags, so I went and took them, and threw them over my Shoulders, and run over the Fields and Ditches, crying, Stop Thief. Grace stripp'd, and said, he had nothing about him.
Q. How far did they run together?
Brown. About nine Fields, my Lord. Grace stripp'd, and we took hold of him; and the other threw down his Knife, and we took hold of him, and we brought them to the Py'd Bull-Inn, and we charg'd White the Constable with them, and took them before the Justice.
Court to the Prisoner. Grace, will you ask him any Questions?
Prisoner. I want to know, whether he can swear that I stole the Bags?
Court. He does not pretend to do it; but he said he saw you had those Things in a Leather Apron, and he took them for a Saddle.
Q. to Brown. Did he lie down upon the Dunghill upon the Things?
Brown. Yes, my Lord, both of them; we did not see them till they rose up; but the tall one rose up, and said, he would cut our Eyes out.
Court to Grace the Prisoner. Have you any Witnesses?
Grace. No body to appear for me.


                  William 
                  Grace 
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Butler 
               



            , both 

               guilty
            .


                  Thomas 
                  Butler 
               



             made no Defence, but pleaded guilty at first.




[Transportation. See summary.]


