





413. 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Main 
                  



               
            , of Stepney


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Mortar and Pestle, val. 3 s. and a Rug Coat, val. 2 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Atkins 
                  




                
            , July 2
.



                  Ann 
                  Atkins 
               



            . I live in Shoreditch, beyond the two Loggerheads; on the Second of July, when I went out, the Mortar and Pestle was upon the Mantle-Piece, and the Coat hung up. - It was a Bear Skin Coat, [a Rug Coat] I was selling Colly-Flowers by my House, in Virginia-Row, and the Prisoner asked me to give him a 
               
                  Colly 
                  Flower 
               



            , but I did not; I came home about two Hours afterwards, and the Goods were gone.


                  Ann 
                  Banks 
               



            . One Tuesday the Prisoner came and knocked at the Door, I said, the re was No-body at home, for my Mistress had left me in the House, to take care of the two Children) he said, he knew my Mistress was out for he had met her, and that she said, I must draw Four of the best Colly-Flowers in the Ground; I let him in at the Garden-Door, and went to draw the Colly-Flowers, he said, go along, what are you afraid of; when I came in he was gone, and I missed the Pestle and Mortar, and my Apron; he went out at the Fore-Door; he had a Nosegay in his Hand, when he came into the Garden, and had left it upon the Dresser in the Kitchen; I did not miss the Coat till my Mistress came home: He was taken the Tuesday following, in Kingstand Road, and my Mistress said, Tell me where the Things are, and I will not hurt a Hair of your Head; he own'd he had them, and said, he would go to Hounsditch and fetch them; but my Mistress was persuaded not to let him go, for fear he should run away; he said, the Pestle and Mortar was at the Three Golden Balls, in Hounsditch, but, when we went there, they would not own that they had them; he said in Bridewell, that my Apron was pawned for a Loin of Lamb. - There was No-body else in the House; I saw the Pestle and Mortar when I went to draw the Colly-Flowers.


                  Mary 
                  Reader 
               



            . I live at the Duke of Argyle's Head, the Prisoner came to my House that Day, and said, he came from a Gentlewoman who gave her Service to me, and desired me to gather a Nosegay, and I gathered some Flowers, and tied them up with a Piece of this Apron, and for that Reason I can swear to the Nosegay, and that Nosegay was found where the Things were stole from. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


