





183. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Guttery 
                  



               
            , of St Ann Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing fourteen Pair of Womens Worsted Stockings, val. 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Carr 
                  




                
            , February 28
.


                  Richard 
                  Carr 
               



            . I keep a Publick-House
 at the Sign of the Bell in>Sidney-Alley, by Leicester-Fields


, and sell Stockings besides. - They lie out upon a Place like a Bulk under the Window; he took one Parcel of them, in which were fourteen Pair; the Stockings were dropped in the Street, about ten or twelve Yards from the House.
- Charlton. I was in my own Shop over-against Mr Carr's, and saw the Prisoner lift up a Blue Cloth, which lay over these Stockings, and take a Parcel of them away, and put them under a ragged Sort of an Apron. I called out, Carr, Carr, There is a Fellow has got some of your Goods away. I did not run after him, because I had no Body with me in the Shop, but he was pursued, and taken in Princes-street.
- Weldon. I saw the Prisoner run along with a Bundle of Stockings, and just by my Door he dropped them. I called out to some People to stop him, and they did stop him, and the Prosecutor came up and seized him. - I believe this to be the same Bundle that he dropped, for I was just by when he was taken.
Carr. My Wife picked the Stockings up in the Street, and I ran after him, went up to him, and took him hold by the Collar; by that Time there were some other Persons about him, and he said, Gentlemen, take Care what you do, don't use me ill.
Q. What Time was this?
Carr. As high as I can tell it was between two and three o'Clock in the Afternoon.
Prisoner. I was going along, and some People tried out Stop Thief; and so a Man stopped me, and said I had stole some Stockings; I said I knew nothing of the Matter. I am entirely innocent of the Fact. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


