





272. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bedell 
                  



               
            , of St. James's, Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Birch 
                  




                
            , May the 7th
.


                  John 
                  Birch 
               



            . I am a distiller in St. James's Market
. The beginning of this month I lost a silver spoon.
Q. From whence?
Birch. Out of my kitchen; my servant can inform your lordship.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Newton 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Birch. The Prisoner came in to ask for a piece of bread, and I had left the spoon upon the dresser, in the kitchen a little before this woman came in, and I missed it soon after she was gone.
Q. Do you know the woman?
Newton. I know her full well.
Q. What does she do?
Newton. She pretends to black shoes .



                  William 
                  Young 
               



             . I am a silversmith. The Prisoner at the bar came to my shop, the corner of High-Holborn , the 7th of May, about noon, and brought me a silver table-spoon, and offered it to sale ; she said she had half a dozen of these spoons , but had sold the other five; I asked her why she did not sell this where she sold the others. I examined her pretty closely, and then she said she found it in a tub of hogwash at the King's Arms Tavern in Pall-Mall. I sent my servant to know the truth of it, and he said, the people there told him they had not lost a spoon; I told her, if she would not tell me the truth, I would take her before a Justice of the Peace. I sent for Mr. Jones , a headborough, and had her before Justice Broadhead, and whilst the Justice was writing the Commitment, she took us to the house where she had the spoon.


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



             (constable.) When the Prisoner was before the Justice, she said she would shew us where she had the spoon; we went with her as far as the Hay-Market, and then she said she had it at Mr. Birch's, and Mr. Young delivered the spoon to me.
Q. Where is the spoon?
Jones . This is the spoon.
Birch. I believe this to be my spoon.
Newton. This is my master's spoon.
Prisoner. I had the spoon among some broken victuals, that was given me at Mr. Birch's.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


