






192. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Powers 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two Hand-saws
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hunter 
                  




                
            , April 26
.


                  John 
                  Hunter 
               



            . I was coming Home, and I saw the Prisoner with two Hand-saws coming out of my Shop door; I pursued him, and cried out stop Thief, and he dropped them about three Doors from my own House. This was the 26th of April, it is mentioned the 27th, between 12 and 1 at Noon, he took them from a Room behind the Shop; I laid them there, because I lost three out of the Shop about two Weeks before; I followed him and cried out stop Thief, and he dropped them three Doors beyond my Shop. I left the Saws in the Street, and I took him when he had run about an hundred Yards.
Q. Where did he drop them?
Hunter. In Westharding-street , I saw the Saws under his Coat , and here is a Witness that saw him besides ; I did not lose Sight of him, and I knew him by haunting the Shop the Night before. I live in Westharding-street , in the Parish of St. Brides .


                  James 
                  Rowlins 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner at the Bar run when the Man cried stop Thief, and the Man dropped the Saws .
Q. Did you take the Saws up?
Rowlins. I saw him drop them, I followed him.
Q. Where did you see him?
Rowlins. I saw him out of one Pair of Stairs Window , I looked through the Window, and saw them both run. I saw the Saws flung down in the Middle of the Street.


                  Charles 
                  Crankbant 
               



             . I saw the Prisoner drop the Saws just by my Master's Shop, and I took them up.
Court to the Prisoner. What do you say to this?
Prisoner . A Man told me there was a Press-Gang that made me run, and the Gentleman stopped me, and accused me with the Saws , but this was a great Way from his Shop.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


