





133. + 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Cortney 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Silver Watch, value 40 s. one Pair of Silver Buckles, value 15 s. one Scarlet Cloak, value 3 s. 6 d. one Pair of Stockings, value 1 s. one Pair of Leather Shoes, value 6 d. and 3 s. 6 d. in Money
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Andrew Mc 
                     Ovey 
                  




               
            , of Gravel lane, Houndsditch


, February 24
.
Q. to 
               
                  Andrew Mc 
                  Ovey 
               



            . What have you to say of the Prisoner's taking of a Silver Watch, and a Pair of Shoe-buckles? When did she take them?
Mc Ovey. Yesterday Morning, about Four o'Clock in the Morning.
Q. Who did they belong to?
Mc Ovey. My Property.
Q. Where were they taken from?
Mc Ovey. They were taken out of my Room.
Q. How came she in your Room ? Where was your Room?
Mc Ovey In Gravel lane, Houndsditch.
Q. What did she do with them; carry them away?
Mc Ovey. Yes, Sir.
Q. How do you know she took them?
Mc Ovey. She made a Confession of it before Witness.
Q. Do you know any thing more of it, of your own Knowledge?
Mc Ovey. She owned it.
Q. Was you by when she owned it?
Mc Ovey. Yes, I was present when she owned it.
Q. How did she come into your Room?
Mc Ovey. She had lodged with another young Woman that lodged up another Pair of Stairs; and they happened to fall out; so my Wife she took her in out of Charity, till she could get a Lodging of her own. Yesterday Morning she stayed out till Four o'Clock. Accordingly she came in with a lighted Candle in her Hand, and took my Watch, 2 s. 6 d. in Money, a Scarlet Cloak, and one Pair of Shoes, and a Pair of Stockings of my Wife's.
Q. Where was this Money; the 2 s. 6 d?
Mc Ovey In my Pocket; and she took 1 s. out of my Wife's Pocket.
Q. Are you sure you had 2 s. 6 d. in your Pocket?
Mc Ovey. Yes, I am certain of it.
Q. Did the Prisoner at the Bar lie in the same Room?
Mc Ovey. Yes.
Q. When did you take her up?
Mc Ovey. Yesterday. After I lost the things, I met with her about Four or Five o'Clock that same Night.
Q. What did you do with her, when you met with her?
Mc Ovey. I carried her before the Justice.
Q. What past before the Justice in your hearing?
Mc Ovey. She made an open Confession of every Thing that I have spoke of.
Q. What did she say?
Mc Ovey. I accused her of the Watch, and Buckles likewise, and the Shoes and Stockings, and Cloak, and she owned them.
Q. What did she say? Tell us the Words. Was there any Account taken in Writing?
Mc Ovey. Yes, I think so.
Q. Have you found your Things?
Mc Ovey. No.
Q. Have you any thing more to say?
Mc Ovey. No more to say than this, that she said she was sorry she did not take more.
Prisoner. My Lord, that Woman keeps Company with this Man (meaning the Prosecutor) and they are not married.
Q. to 
               
                  Elizabeth Mc 
                  Ovey 
               



            . Are you a married Woman?
Mc Ovey Yes.
Q. Is that last Witness your Husband?
Mc Ovey. Yes, Sir; and I have so far to say, that I took the Prisoner in as a Lodger; I let her sit up till my Husband had got up to work; then she has come into Bed. Yesterday Morning, about Four o'Clock, she came in with a lighted Candle in her Hand: I asked her what Time it was; I think she said it was about Four o'Clock; with that she went away. I turned myself, and went to sleep. About Six o'Clock my Husband awakened, and desired me to get up, and warm him some Broth. When he got up, he told me he had been robbed; and I looked, and I found that she had taken my Shoes, and Scarlet Cloak, that she had taken the Night before; I found her in an Alehouse, near Clerkenwell Prison, there she had a hot Pig, that she carried to a Prisoner there. She said she was going to Bed, and somebody put it into her Head to take the Watch. She would not own it at first, but she did at last.
Q. Do you know the Cloak?
Prisoner. My Lord, she lent it me; she keeps a common House for every body; she has three Husbands living now.
Q. to Solomon Lewis. What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Lewis. I went along with the young Woman who wanted to take the Prisoner. We went beyond Hicks's Hall I don't know the Name of the Street; I think they call it Jones's-lane: I think it was at the York-shire-Grey, or White-Horse.
Q. What was the Prisoner accused of there? Mr Mc Ovey speaks of a Watch, a Pair of Buckles, and Cloak, &c.
Lewis. She at first strictly denied it, then afterwards she made an open Confession; she said she was sorry she had taken them; she believed she was undone, but she sold them to one in Newgate, the Watch for 18 s. and the Buckles for 9 s. which she did not deny before the Justice of Peace the last Night. The Prisoner at the first denied it, but when Mrs Mc Ovey was gone, she asked me for half a Quartern of Brandy. I said I would give it her. Then she said she would confess it: She confessed she sold the Watch for 18 s. and the Buckles for 9 s.
Q. Had she any Cloak upon her Back?
Lewis. Yes, Sir; I think it was the same Cloak that the Woman mentioned something about; but particularly I cannot tell.
Q. Where do you live?
Lewis. In Gravel lane, Houndsditch: I work in Rope-making, and sometimes in Rigging.
Q. to the Prisoner. What have you to say in your Defence? Have you any Witness?
Prisoner. My Lord, I was with that Woman about three Months; I used to borrow her Cloak of her; she keeps a House for Fellows to come in all Hours of the Night, and it might as well be any body else as me: I know no more of it than this Candlestick.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


