





483. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Masterson 
                  



               
            , of St. Martins in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver castor, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Triquett 
                        




                      
                  , privately in his shop
            , October 5th
.


                  Stephen 
                  Triquett 
               



            . I keep a goldsmiths shop
, on the fifth of October, the prisoner came to my shop about a quarter after seven, under pretence of buying a pair of silver buttons; he asked me the price of them; and I told him the price was 16 d. I mistrusted him, and as I was weighing them, he took a silver castor which I now have in my pocket: I said he did not look as if he wanted to buy, but rather to steal, but I did not know then that he had stole it; and when he saw me turn my eye towards the place where the castor was, he run away, and I run after him and cried stop thief.

Q. Did you overtake him?
Triquett. No, I fell down, and when he found the people were pursuing him, he threw the castor into the kennel, the castor was upon the counter when he first came into the shop.
Q. Did you tell him you had missed the castor?
Triquett . No, I had no opportunity, he was taken and brought back into the shop, and he asked pardon, and said it was the first time that ever he was guilty of such a thing, and hoped I would forgive him; I said it was not in my power to do any such thing: I carried him before justice Fraser , and then he denied it.
Prisoner. Did you see me take it off the counter?
Triquett . I did not.


                  Alexander 
                  Sinclair 
               



            . Last Wednesday night I was going along accidentally, and a little beyond Mr. Triquett's door I heard them call out stop thief, and the prisoner said if they would not stop him he would throw it down, and he did throw it down .
Q. Who did he say so to?
Sinclair . To the mob.
Q. How could you know him again?
Sinclair . He was carried first to Mr. Triquett's shop , and then I was 2 hours with him afterwards before the Justice.
Three witnesses said the prisoner was an honest man, had behaved faithfully to them, and gave him a good character.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


