





284. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Compton 
                  



               
            , of St. Leonard Shoreditch


 was indicted for 


               stealing a gold necklace, value 22 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Slate 
                  




                
            , April 24
.
Mr. Slate deposed, that the necklace was lost off the neck of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Oak 
               



             his daughter-in-law, a child of three years and about four months old.
Mrs. Slate deposed, the child had the necklace on when she came from school, and about four o'clock she missed it, and that the Prisoner owned her landlady's daughter had it, and that she had it from her.
Prisoner. I think it is proper to have the child in Court; she is five years of age.


                  John 
                  King 
               



            . The 24th of April last, about six o'clock at night the prisoner and another woman came to my shop in Bishopsgate Street, and the Prisoner asked what I would give for this necklace. I asked her how she came by it. She said she bought it of one Messenger, a constable in Artillery Lane, and gave him 28 s. for it; and she said, she wanted to sell it to sit her husband out to sea. I bid her 19 s. she went away, but came back and took my money. A man came to my shop to enquire after such a thing, that was taken off a child's neck of three years old. In about a quarter of an hour I saw the Prisoner buying a cheesecake, she was with another woman, and the two children wanted a cheesecake. Said I, Mistress, do you love cheesecakes? You must come back to my shop (the other run away.) She asked me what I detained her for. I asked her how she could be such a base woman as to take the necklace off the child's neck.
Mr. Messenger sa id, he did not sell her the necklace.
Prisoner. I bid them search me, and search the house, for I had not a farthing of money about me. Mr. Sherwin knows me very well.


                  John 
                  Sherwin 
               



            . I have known her about nine or ten years - I cannot give her a good character; she desired me to speak, and I will speak the truth.
Prisoner. Oh! Mr. Sherwin, you do this because I called for you. As to that old Gentleman, I don't mind what he says. 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


