





201. + 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hill 
               



            , of St. Dunstan in the West


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 15 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Holmes 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            .


                  John 
                  Holmes 
               



            . As I was going along Fleet-street


, with my child by my side, I felt somebody pull my handkerchief out of my pocket. I turned about and saw my handkerchief in the Prisoner's hand, I believe there were two of them concerned; I had the mob about me presently, and I said, he had picked my pocket; they said, if he has picked your pocket, take him into a public house, and search him: which I did, and I found two pocket-books and a pair of buckles; I saw the corner of a handkerchief hang out of his breeches, which I pulled out; I unbuttoned his breeches, and there were nine more, a comb, an odd glove, and I think a snuff-box, but I can't be certain whether there was a snuff-box or not; he said, he had been upon the lay for four nights, and that he was but a young offender.
Prisoner. I was only four days concerned. I am a bookbinder, and am an apprentice
 now; my master is dead, but my mistress is living. I have a very good character in the neighbourhood.
Q. Where did your master live?
Pris. In Founder's-Court, Lothbury.


                  George 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner some years, his father was a barber and perriwigmaker in Chick-Lane, I never heard he was guilty of any such thing before.


                  Francis 
                  Papworth 
               



            . I have known the lad from his infancy, his father and mother were as honest people as any in the neighbourhood.


                  Thomas 
                  King 
               



             knew him fourteen or fifteen years, and said, he never heard that he was guilty of any such thing before.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


