






350.+ 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Maccarty 
                  



               
            , of St James Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Holland Shirt, val.3 s. and a Silk Handkerchief, val.1 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Cotton Pennington
                  



               
             , June 25

.
She was a 2d Time indicted for 


               stealing a suit of Cambrick laced Headcloaths, val.40 s. a Necklace, val.6 d. and other Things of Value, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Lydia 
                           Seymour 
                        



                      
                   , in her Dwelling-House
            , June.25.
Mr Pennington. On Saturday the 21st of June, I lost half a Dozen of Shirts: On the 25th, several Pieces, and a Sleeve were found in the Cellar under a Stove. This made me imagine, the Prisoner had taken the rest: so I got a Candle, and searched the Cellar, and odd Places below, and twice she blew the Candle out. And there being a Trunk in the House, which as the Prisoner pretended, belonged to another Woman, we wanted to see it opened, and asked the Prisoner for her Keys. She took them out of her Pocket, but none of them would open it; upon which we borrowed a Key, and got it open; and in the Trunk we found a Shirt sleeve, and several Pieces; and afterwards a Suit of Headcloaths of Mrs Seymour's , and several other odd things of mine, as a Shirt, and a Handkerchief. The Goods which we found of Mrs Seymour's , in the Trunk, were the Headcloaths, several Pillowbiers, Aprons, and Handkerchiefs; and I am sure they were found in the Prisoner's Trunk, and she was present when we opened it.
Mrs Seymour. About 3 or 4 Days after the Prisoner came to live with me, I fell sick, and kept my Bed for some Time. The first Day I came down into the Kitchen, after my Illness, I was asked for a Pattern of a pretty Mob; so I sent her with my Keys up Stairs, for a Bundle of rough Linnen; and I missed out of it, a suit of Head-cloaths. This gave me a Suspicion of the Prisoner; and some body telling me, there was foul Towels under the Stoves, in the Cellar, I searched there, and found a Sleeve and some Pieces of Mr Pennington's Shirts. Then, says I,- here is a Trunk which she brought in, with other Folk's Things, I'll see what is in it; so I opened the top part, and the bottom she opened herself, and there we saw a great many things of Mr Pennington's and mine. There was a Dimitty Petticoat, a pair of Cambrick Ruffles, Pillowbiers, and a great many Things more. I taxed her with the Headcloaths, the Moment I missed them, and she said,- Madam, don't fret yourself,- you'll find them again. I value the Headcloaths at 40 s. and have a Ruffle of the same in my Pocket. I can't really say what they are worth, for I bought them abroad,- in Flanders , cheaper than I could have done here. I can't say I lost the rest of the things at the same Time I lost the Headcloaths, nor that she took them all at a Time. There is a Napkin of mine which her Mantua-Maker brought me, and said the Prisoner gave it her to line the Body of a Gown. This is the Lace belonging to the Head, it was completely made, but she hath ripped it up. I take on me to say it was worth 40 s.
- Lasieur . Mrs Seymour and Mr Pennington sent for me, and I found they had charged the Prisoner with taking the things, and they made a Noise to her about it. She fell down crying and roaring; and owned she had taken them. While Pennington and Seymour were gone up Stairs, I said,- Mary, what makes you guilty of such Things as these? Master Lasieur, said she, the Devil tempted me to it. And why says I, should the Devil tempt you to steal what is not your own.
The Prisoner called a Witness who had been Mrs Seymour's Servant, and she deposed, that all the Neighbours gave the Prisoner the Character of a very honest Person, before she went to live at Seymour's House; and she gave her the Character of a bad Woman.
Another deposed to the same Effect. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


