





459. 
               
                  
                     Lawrence 
                     Macarty 
                  



               
            , late of London


, was indicted, for that 


               he with a certain wooden stick or other offensive weapon, upon 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Baxter 
                     



                   did make an assault, with a felonious intent the money of the said 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Baxter 
                        




                      
                   to steal, take, and carry away 
            , June 30
.


                  Thomas 
                  Baxter 
               



            . On last Friday was se'nnight, as I was going home about a quarter after eleven, I was stop'd near my own house by three men, who bid me stand; I asked them what they wanted; directly one of them struck me on the temple, and the other two began to beat me about the head; however I got from them and run to my own house; I knock'd, and call'd out thieves and watch! upon that Mr. Townsend, my next door neighbour, flung up his window to see what was the matter; and other people coming by, being alarm'd by my crying out, they were pursued, and the prisoner was taken in Mincing-lane and brought to the watch-house: I declar'd upon first sight he was one of them, and I believe I should know the other two.


                  Charles 
                  Standisostreet 
               



            . I am porter in Leaden-hall market and I was going on an errand; when I came into Collom-street


 I saw the prisoner at the bar have of Mr. Baxter, and heard him bid him he had hold of him with his right hand and struck him with a stick in his left; then Mr. Baxter call'd out thieves and watch, and Mr. Baxter got away from him, and made to his own door, and wrap'd and went in; I went after the men crying out thieves, and never lost sight of the prisoner 'till he fell down; I believe somebody might flung up his heels; he fell just before he came to the Ball-ale-house, Mincing-lane, on the right hand side, and somebody took up a hanger within five or six yards distance where he fell I saw a man in a blue jacket fire a pistol; it was one of them which run I am positive; he was search'd, and there was only a knife and a shilling about him. Mr. Baxter came within about a quarter of an hour after he was taken, and then said he was positive the prisoner was one of the men that stop'd him.
Francis Street. As I was coming up Mincing-lane this same night between eleven and twelve, I heard the cry at the top of the lane, stop thief! and this man at the bar came full tilt against me; I took hold of him by the collar and tript him up; and in less than a minute there came another, and he let fly a pistol; he had not an opportunity to turn about before he fir'd, so did no hurt: the prisoner said, I am no way concerned; said I, then you are the better off; so I deliver'd him to the watchman and constable; I know the prisoner to be the man I took.


                  Stephen 
                  Whyate 
               



            . I am the watchman in Mincing-lane; I heard the cry, stop thief! and presently I saw two men come running towards me; I was on the right-hand side of the kennel, which I went to cross, and said, if you come to me I'll knock you both down if I can; the first man that came I took him a knock, the other jump'd across the kennel and I jump'd after him and took him another; then I ran after them as fast as I could, crying stop thief! and heard the pistol go off: when I got up to the prisoner the other witness had got him by the collar, then we took him to the watch-house; but I cannot say he is one of the men that run by me, it being dark.


                  Charles 
                  Hownslow 
               



            . I was constable for the night: about twelve at night the prisoner was brought into the watch house by these witnesses, and Mr. Baxter came and gave me charge of him.
Prisoner's defence. I had been drinking in a tavern and lost my way, being in liquor; there was a hurlyburly in the street, one of these men came to me and took hold of me, took my hat off, tore my collar, turn'd me upside down, and cut the waist band of my breeches.



               Guilty
             of Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


