





166. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Foot 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four Napkins, two Shirts, five Table-Cloths, a Holland Apron, a Sheet, twelve new Pewter Plates and a Brass Mortar
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Parran 
                  




                
            , on the 13th Day of March
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  William 
                  Parran 
               



            .) What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Parran. She has stole several Things from me.
Q. Do you know any thing of five Linnen Table-Cloths, Napkins, &c.
Parran. Yes.
Q. What do you know of the Prisoner's having them?
Parran. They were found at the Pawnbroker's, one Perry.
Q. What was found with Perry?
Parran. I have a List in my Pocket-Book: Four Napkins, two Shirts, five Table-Cloths, a Holland Apron, a Sheet, twelve new Pewter Plates, and a Brass Mortar.
Q. Where were they pawn'd?
Parran. At one Perry's in Shepherd-Street; the Prisoner own'd that she had pawn'd the Things there.
Q. Is that all you heard the Prisoner say? Did she own the Things?
Parran. Yes, she own'd the Things were stole from me, and several more that were not pawn'd there: I had a Warrant from Justice De Veil to search the House of the Pawnbroker. Both Perry and his Mother offer'd to swear that she had several of the Things away that we afterwards found there.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  John 
                  Perry 
               



            .) Are you a Pawnbroker?
Perry. Yes, my Lord. The Prisoner at the Bar brought Goods to me backward and forward; he has often employ'd the Prisoner at the Bar to bring Things backward and forward to our House.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prosecutor.) What Business are you?
Parran. I am at present out of Business; I kept the Black Bear in Piccadilly.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Perry.) How came you to receive these Goods?
Perry. She brought them backward and forwards. Here, my Lord, is a Riding Habit and a Cotton Gown.
Parran. Those are none of the Things.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Perry.) Where are those Goods that were pawn'd to you, that the Prisoner stands indicted for?
[They were produced in Court.]
Q. What was it that you lent upon them?
Perry. I believe 18 or 19 s.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Parran.) Are these the Goods you lost ?
Parran. Yes, my Lord.
Q. I ask you, Prosecutor, upon your Oath, did you not employ this Girl to pawn Things for you? Did you not employ her to carry any of these Things for you?
Parran. No.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Will you ask the Witness any Questions?
Prisoner. My Master used to employ me to carry Things there to pawn, my Lord.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Marshall 
               



            , Constable.) What do you know of this Affair?
Marshall. I had a Search Warrant to search the House of Mr. Perry for these Goods; I went to Mr. Perry's House and found all these Goods there.
Q. Did you hear the Prisoner say how she came by them?
Marshall. I ask'd her particularly about every Parcel of Goods; she said those Things that were mention'd were stole from her Master unknown.
Q. Did not the Pawnbroker deny the Things at first?
Marshall. He said he did not know he had any such Things; but I said I must search; so I went to searching, and he brought some Things and deny'd some others, particularly the Dozen of Plates.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Perry.) How came you to deny these Things?
Perry. Because she had fetch'd them three or four Days or a Week before, and we did not think they had been brought again; they had not been there above two or three Days by the Marks.
Court. Prisoner, now is your time to make your Defence. Have you any thing to say? Have you any Witnesses to call?


                  Margaret 
                  Foot 
               



            . This was the first Fact she ever committed; she always behav'd very well, no body could come against her for any thing in this World 'till now. She is my own Child.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


