





41. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wood 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 14 ounces wt. of human hair, val. 50 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Burcket 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said 
                     
                        William 
                        Burcket 
                     



, near Exeter-Change.


                  William 
                  Burckett 
               



            . I live in the Strand near Exeter-Change


; I am a hair merchant
. Finding I had been robb'd, I look'd over my books, and I missed the very quantity the woman brought to sell to Mr. Clark; there were 2 ounces of flaxen hair all but a dram. I missed some brown hairs, but I will not swear to the brown hairs in the parcel brought, tho' I verily believe it to be mine. I was robb'd the 31st of Oct. and I saw it again at Mr. Clark's shop that very day sevennight after.
Q. to Mr. Clark. Where is this hair?
Clark. Here it is, my lord.
Q. to Burckett. Pick out of these hairs what you can swear to ?
Burcket took up the flaxen. This is all I take upon me to swear too, there is two ounces all but a dram of it.
Q. Look upon the remainder of the hair?
Burckett. I believe it all to be mine; but I will not take upon me to swear to it.
Cross Examin'd.
Q. How do you know this to be that hair you seem to be so positive about?

Burcket. Because it is a particular sort which I never had before, since I was in business, my reason for knowing it is, before it was manufactured in a different way, it was of a yellow grey, and it is customary to improve the colour, but this is reduc'd, which I did for a particular customer.
Q. Does no body wear flaxen but he?
Burcket. Yes, Sir, many; but I did it to oblige him as a particular customary, for there is more got by improving it then by reducing it.
Q. Was never such a thing done before?
Burcket. I don't think it ever was.
Q. Do you think you are the only man in the world, that has so ardent a desire to oblige a customer ?
Burcket. It being for a particular customer, I did not care if I did not get so much by it, so that I might oblige him; it is to every man's interest to oblige his customers.
Q. What colour was it before?
Burcket. A yellow grey, and it is made worse by that change.
Q. Have you no other reason to know it then by the altering the colour?
Burcket. I know it by the quantity, besides the colour.
Q. Why do you think these hairs singular from all others?
Burcket. I believe there are no hairs of that colour so good besides these.
Q. When did you see it first after it was lost?
Burcket. The 7th of Nov.
Q. Is it not possible to make hairs so much alike, that you cannot tell the one from the other ?
Burcket. I believe I could tell the difference.
Q. Where did you apprehend the Prisoner?
Burcket. At a public house in the Strand, with in about a hundred yards off where I live?
Q. Did the people who apprehended him search him?
Burcket. Yes, and they found nothing upon him but the hairs he had bought.
Q. How much had he bought?
Burcket. Three quarters of an ounce.
Q. Has he ever bought hairs of you before?
Burcket. Yes, Sir, several times small quantities; but here is a person in court who has bought 40 or 50 pounds worth of the Prisoner; how he came by it I know not. I have missed hairs divers times, and have great reason to suspect him before this.
Q. Did you never sell such hairs to any person as these you take upon you to swear to?
Burcket. Yes, I have sold some to a person that is gone into Shropshire.
Q. How do you know but these very hairs are the same you sold to that person ?
Burcket. I believe they are not, the man it a stranger in London, and comes up to town, may be once in 7 years.
Q. Then these hairs that lie there, may be the very same hairs you sold the person, that is gone down in Shropshire, for ought you know?
Burcket. I do not believe they be.
Q. Do you know one Freeman a Barber?
Burcket. I do, he was there at the public house.
Q. Do you remember any talk on this sort, that if you did not prosecute Wood, he would put such a paragraph in the news-paper, that should ruin you in your business.
Burcket. He said, I ought to prosecute the Prisoner, else I ought to be exposed, or something to that purpose.
Q. Is not this prosecution carried on at the expence of the parish of St. Clements-Danes ?
Burcket. It is not, Sir.
Q. Are you sure this flaxen hair was yours?
Burcket. I missed such a quantity, and have swore to that.


                  Thomas 
                  Clark 
               



            . I had this hair of a woman who keeps an oyster-seller. She brought it to sell to me.
Cross Examined.
Q. What did she say to you when she brought it to your shop?
Clark. Mr. Burcket was there, and he said, it was his hair, and said, she must give an account how she came by it, she seemed frightened.


                  Mary 
                  Buck 
               



            . These hairs are what was left in my cellar, the day after my lord mayor's-day, by James Wood.
Q. Which is he ?
Buck. He stands there in the bar.
Q. Did you see him lay it there?
Buck. No, I did not, there had been no person in the cellar. but he, and there was no hair in the place before he came, and I found it in about a quarter of an hour after he was gone.
Q. What time was he there ?
Buck. Between 6 and 7 o'clock.
Cross Examined.
Q. Did you ever see the Prisoner before?
Buck. No, not to my knowledge.
Q. What did he come to your cellar for?
Buck. I served him with two-penny worth of oysters.
Q. How was it done up?
Burck. It was wrapp'd up in a paper, and laid in the window, just at the door of the cellar.



                  Thomas 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner 3 or 4 months; he came to my brother's, the Prosecutor's house, the 31st of Oct. We had reason to suspect we had been robb'd by the Prisoner, so we agreed to watch him; he came to our house, and we show'd him several drawers of hairs, he bought 3 quarters of an ounce of brown hairs; he was going away, and return'd again, and desired to see the flaxen drawer, I gave him all the opportunity I could, as there were two people set to observe him, in the little room at the end of the counter; the drawer was set upon the counter. A man from the other side of the water had told me, he had seen such quantities of hairs by him, that he thought he could not come honestly by.
Q. Have you no prejudices against him?
Johnson. No, Sir, I have not.
Thomas Commings. On the 31st of Oct. the Prisoner came to my master's shop to buy hairs, and as we had reason to suspect him, I went into a little room, from whence I might watch him; I saw him steal from different drawers twice; then Mr. Duff came into the room to me; after that, both he and I saw him steal several quantities from different drawers, particularly out of the flaxen drawer; he lean'd upon the counter, the drawer stood on it; he took up the locks of hair, and drew them thro' his fingers, and slid them into his pocket; at last, there came in a little child with its aunt, in which he used seemingly to take delight, and used to give it apples, &c. He took up two degrees of the flaxen hairs, and stoop'd to the child, crying, Dilley, Dilley, Dilley, to it, shaking it in the child's face, then artfully gather'd it up in his palm of his hand, putting his thumb over it, and so slid it into his pocket. Mr. Duff and I, both observ'd it distinctly; I saw Mrs. Bristol in the shop, and am sure she was in such a place she might see him take the hair.
Cross Examined.
Q. What is that flaxen hairs worth per oz?
Commings. They are sold for 8 s. per oz.
Q. How many times did you see him take hairs ?
Commings. I believe I saw him steal that day, 5 times; and when we examin'd him, there were Mr. Freeman, Mr. Burcket, and I, when the Prisoner confessed he stole 2 degrees of hairs, and he said, he had thrown them down the stairs backwards.
John Duff I was at Mr. Burcket's this night. He went on, and confirm'd what was said by the last witness, as to what they saw Wood the Prisoner steal; while they were sitting together in the little room, and also added, that he heard the Prisoner acknowledge at the alehouse, that if Mr. Burcket would forgive him, he would give him a guinea for every lock he had taken, and said to the best of his knowledge, the Prisoner owned to the stealing 5 locks, and in his cross examination, strengthened the foregoing, without any contradiction, saying, he came out of the little room with an intent to search him, but Mr. Rawlison coming in, he went to the alehouse, and went out from thence with an intent to fetch a constable, but found when he returned, the Prisoner had slipp'd out, as he thought he had some mistrust, and put the hair away.
Mrs. Bristow. Mr. Burcket's wife is my sister, I was at his house at this time, drinking a dish of tea; as my brother could not come into the back room. I carried him a dish of tea into the shop; the Prisoner was then looking on the brown hairs, handling it, and turning it round his fingers; I look'd earnestly at him, and saw him clinch his hand, and put his thumb over it, and put it into his pocket; I carried my brother another dish, and then he had a lock of flaxen hairs in his hand, and I saw him do the same to that. I went back to my sister, and said, he is robbing you now. I knew of Mr. Commings and Mr. Duff seeing then to watch him.


                  Joseph 
                  Rawlinson 
               



            . I had seen the Prisoner at times to have such quantities of hairs, that I thought he could not come honestly by, and knowing him some time, to have bought small quantities of the prosecutor, who had often times lost hairs; I told him of it, and on the 31st of Oct. I saw Mr. Wood in this shop; I had sent word I would come that night; I asked him, where Mr. Burcket was? he said, at the Cole-Hole : I asked Mr. Wood, if he would go and drink with me, and Mr. Commings; I knew nothing that they had been watching him there; when we were got into the alehouse, Mr. Commings went out, and presently the Prisoner went out too, and was absent near half an hour.


                  Richard 
                  Freeman 
               



            . I was at the Cole-Hole; I saw the Prisoner after he came back, at this time I was drinking a tankard of beer with Mr Burcket, with others, in company; in came Mr. Duff, and said, Wood is coming; they had caught him in stealing goods; before I came to them, Wood was slipp'd away, when he return'd I charg'd him, he desired to go up stairs, which we did, Mr. Burcket's man and I were there; he unbutton'd his coat, and denied his having any thing but what he had bought and paid for; but before he came out of the room, he acknowledged he had stole two degrees, we desired to know what he had done with them, he said, he had flung them down the back stairs; we went and searched the back part of the house to the Savoy, but could find none.
Q. What is this flaxen hair worth per oz.
Freeman. It is worth 8 or 9 s. per oz. I went with them to justice Fieldings; the Prisoner desired me to speak in his behalf to Mr. Burcket; said I, what can I say; said I to Mr. Burcket, I shall think you as great a villain as Wood, if you don't prosecute him, you'll both rob yourself and the world, if you neglect it.
The Prisoner in his defence, acknowledg'd he was at the Prosecutor's, but denied he stole any hairs; and that at the alehouse, he went out to do his occasions, and when Commings return'd, and taxed him about it, he never confessed, as the witnesses had deposed. He called four people to his character.


                  John 
                  Serby 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner ten years, and have been acquainted with him at his brother 
               
                  Peter 
                  Wood 
               



            's house, at the Star in the Strand; I don't think he would be guilty of such a crime as is laid to his charge.


                  William 
                  Griffith 
               



            . The Prisoner's character is very good, and I really believe him to be an honest man.


                  Mark 
                  Seyers 
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Hogen 
               



             say the same.




               Guilty, 4 s 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


