






57. 58. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Hilliard 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Joice 
                  Topping 
               



              were indicted for 


               stealing six holland shirts, value 4 l. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Martin 
                           Stutevil 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Wm 
                        Miller 
                     



, March 22d
.


                  Wm 
                  Miller 
               



            . I keep the White-Bear in Piccadilly. Sometime in March was twelvemonths these shirts were taken from my house. They were the property of Mr. Stutevil, and he sued me for them, and I paid him 4 l. 6 s. and 2 l. odd money to an Attorney for costs.


                  Wm 
                  Hampton 
               



            . Last March was twelvemonths I was drinking at Mr. Mill's the Red Lion in Coventry-Court, and as I came from thence I met 
               
                  Edward 
                  Topping 
               



            . He told me Elizabeth Fox who is executed, Joice Topping and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Hilliard 
               



             were gone to drink with a man at the White Bear in Piccadilly. I went down to the White-Bear, and the 3 women were at the door: They gave me a bundle which was just come out of the country, and the two prisoners went with me to Mills's, but Fox and the man with whom they had been drinking went to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear 
               



             on the other side of the way. We drank a pint of beer at Mills's and Topping tore part of the directions off, the Bundle, and burnt the rest, and then we agreed to go to Topping's house in Rupert-street, and open it. We found in it 6 holland shirts, and I went with them to Mr. Grubb's in Market-Lane, where they pawned 2 of them for 15 s. Then they gave me two, which I pawned at Mr. Hodges's in Charles-street for 16 s. and gave them the money; and in 2 or 3 days afterwards I carried the other two to Hodges's, and had 15 s. for them, and gave them that money likewise. About a month after this I fell sick, and the 3 women quarrelled about the things, and when I got well, I challenged Hilliard with them, and she told me they were taken from the White-Bear.


                  Thomas 
                  Day 
               



            . I rented the tap of Mr. Miller; and the prisoner Hilliard and another woman, who is either dead or hanged, came into our house with a tradesman of Reading and called for wine. I shewed them into the bar-room where they had 2 pints of wine, and as soon as they were gone, I missed this bundle. This parcel lay in the bar window, and I think the woman that is hanged sat down upon it: It was directed to Mr. Stutevil, and he brought his action against us for the loss of it.
Jury. Was not Topping at the White Bear?
Day. No, there were only Hilliard and the woman that is dead.
Pris. Hilliard. How came you to know my face so particularly, when you lost the things so long ago?
Day. I have seen you at your own house.
Hilliard. Why did not you attack me then?
Day. Because I was not positive you stole it.


                  Thomas 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I am a chymist and having been serviceable to the Prisoner Hilliard and her husband in their illness, she came to me about twelve months ago, and told me she had some shirts in pawn, the benefit of which out of gratitude she would give to me. I went with her to Mr. Hodges's and fetch'd them out of pawn, and paid 16 or 18 s. for them.
Hilliard. Hampton who is my husband pawned them himself, and he has done this out of jealousy and spite, for he stabb'd me in the back, and I had 3 surgeons to attend me.
Topping. I rented a house in Rupert-Street, and this Man and Woman lodged in my house 8 months and paid me nothing.
Hampton. I did lodge in her house, and had 30 l. in my pocket when I came in, and spent it all in the house. Hilliard 


               Guilty, 39 s.
             Topping 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


