





157. + 
               
                  
                     Penelope 
                     Mackenzie 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing a red silk gown, value 15 s. a camblet gown, value 12 s. a pair of stays, value 5 s. a silk cloak, value 10 s. two cambrick handkerchiefs, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Shovell 
                        




                      
                   , in the dwelling-house of Thomas Bull
            , Dec. 24
.
Eliz. Shovell . The Prisoner lodged in my mother's house one year and three quarters, and when she went away she stole these things: When I missed them, I thought no body could take them but her; I found her out on the sixth of January, and then she owned she took them, and said she believed she should be either hanged or transported; she said she had pawned the red silk Gown at Mr. Crew's, in Hart-Street, and the cloak and stays at Mr. Johnson's , in Russel-Street, Covent-Garden, in the name of 
               
                  Penelope 
                  Mackenzie 
               



            . I found the brown gown at Mr. Hubbard's; he told her somebody had been after her about the robbery, and she made a laugh at it. I have got all my things again.


                  George 
                  Crow 
               



             . On Christmas eve last the Prisoner pawned a gown and handkerchief to me for two shillings, in the name of 
               
                  Penelope 
                  Cove 
               



            .


                  Sarah 
                  Trot 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner thirteen or fourteen years, and I never heard she was guilty of thieving before. I know nothing of this thing.
Prisoner. I pawned these things with her consent.
Shovell . I never gave you leave to pawn any of them.




               Guilty. 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


