





1. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Jacobs 
                  



               
             of St. Botolph Bishopsgate


, was indicted for 


               stealing a large Silver Spoon, val. 8 s. 4 Silver Tea Spoons , value 4 s. a pair of Silver Tea Tongs, val. 3 s. 2 Linen Shirts, val. 3 s. a Cloth Waistcoat, val. 10 s. a Cloth Coat, val. 5. s. a Cotton Counterpane , val. 5 s. a Gold Ring set with a 
                     
                        Garnet 
                        Stone 
                     



                   and 4 small Diamond Sparks , val. 20 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Mather 
                        



                      
                   ; 2 Linen Shirts, val. 2 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Unwin 
                        



                      
                   ; and a Linen Shirt, val 1 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jeremiah 
                           Mather 
                        



                      
                   in the Dwelling-House
             of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Mather 
               



            , May 2
.


                  Isaac 
                  Mather 
               



            . The Prisoner was my Servant
. and having lost several Things, I suspected that she conveyed them out of my House, and taxed her with it; upon which she acknowledged the taking as many of the Goods as she could recollect at that Time, and carried us to Mrs. Messenger's in Hounsditch , where she had pawned them.
Q. When she was charged with taking these Things, what did she say in Excuse of herself?
Mr. Mather. I asked her what Reason she had to rob me, and she said she was in Debt, and was apprehensive of being arrested; that she had an Uncle of whom she expected some Money, and then she intended to redeem them.


                  John 
                  Unwin 
               



             . The Prisoner was the Prosecutor's Servant, and I lodge in the same House. On the 2d of May I went with the Prisoner to the Pawnbrokers, and found some of these Things; and on looking over my Linen I missed 2 Shirts, which I afterwards found in the Custody of the Constable .


                  Edward 
                  Mears 
               



             . Mr. Mather gave me Charge of the Prisoner , and I went with her to the Pawnbroker's in Hounsditch , and fetched these Things.
C Did she attempt to excuse herself?
Mears. She said before the Justice, she was straiten'd for Money, and was afraid of coming into Trouble.
Prisoner. I was very much in Debt, and did intend to redeem them again. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


