





248. 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Ward 
                  



               
             , of St Giles in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing one Pair of Worsted Stockings, val. 3 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Cremer 
                  




                
            , May 3
.


                  Francis 
                  Cremer 
               



            . On the 3d of May, between four and five in the Afternoon, the Prisoner came into my Shop and asked for a Pair of grey Stockings; I asked him what Price; he said about 4 s. 6 d. he looked on several Pair, and thought they were hardly fine enough, and as I was getting some others, I turned my Eyes on one Side, and saw him shuffle this Pair into his Pocket; he had hardly got them in; I said to him, I suppose, Master, you design to pay me for that Pair of Stockings you have in your Pocket. Says he, I have none in my Pocket, there is the Pair of Stockings I took lying on the Ground. There was a Pair lying on the Ground; but they were of a darker Colour. I went up to him, and said, I will be certain whether you have them or no; I laid hold of his Collar, and gave a Knock, and my Wife and Maid came up; he fell down upon his Knees and begged for Mercy, and said it was the first Fact that ever he committed. My Wife was for running her Hand into his Pocket to take the Stockings out, but he would not let her; then he put his Hand into his Pocket, pulled out two Pair, and threw them down; that was one Pair more than I knew of. This is one of the Pair he pulled out.
Prisoner. Did not you search me yourself before your Wife and Maid came into the Shop?
Cremer. No indeed, I did not.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Standen 
               



             . I heard a Noise in the Shop, and run up Stairs, and saw the Prisoner pull one Pair of Stockings out of his Pocket, and throw them down. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


