





502. 
               
                  Catherine 
                  McGuire 
               



            , of St. Butolph Aldgate


, in the county of Middlesex, was indicted for 


               stealing a parcel of haberdashery wares, &c.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hasler 
                  




                
            , Sept. 30th
.


                  Sarah 
                  Hasler 
               



             . I have lost a great many things, viz. one pair of men's stockings, two pair of women's stockings, three silk handkerchiefs, two linen handkerchiefs, two scarlet cloaks, one velvet hood laced, one Leghorn hat, two shirts, a man's cloth coat. I missed my cloak first; the first I missed was about a fortnight ago.
Q. Did you find any of these things again?
Hasler . I found a pair of my stockings on the prisoner's legs, and I had them taken off.
Q. Did she live in your house?
Hasler . No; she used to come early in the morning with shoes, or to do any odd things, and she enticed a young servant of mine to give her several things.


                  Ann 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Hasler; I lost three pair of hose of my mistress's , which the prisoner took.
Q. What did you use to carry them to the prisoner, or she come to you for them?
Wilson. She never would be easy, but when I was giving her things.
Q. Did she come into the house?
Wilson . Yes; she came into the shop, and I gave them to her, and she carry'd them away.
Q. Did you sell any thing in the shop for your mistress?
Wilson . No.
Q. Did she take them for your use, or for her own use?

Wilson. She took them for herself; she had two pair of stockings at one time, and one at another, a silk handkerchief; then she had a scarlet cloth cloak, that was but an ordinary one; and she snatcht a superfine scarlet cloth cloak off the counter, and a Leghorn hat, and went out of the shop with them, and went away.
Q. You did not give them her?
Wilson. No, I did not.
Q. Did you tell your mistress of it?
Wilson. No; and she desired I would give her that velvet hood, and she enticed me to carry them to pawn, and she took the money; and she used to bring a dram in her pocket, and give me some, and I was not used to them, and I was never sober hardly during the whole time I was doing those things.
Pris. Did I ever receive any goods of you in my life?
Wilson. Yes, to my sorrow.


                  Charles 
                  Cousins 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. Mrs. Hasler came to my house Sept. 30th last, with the prisoner, one Murray, and another woman, and the prisoner was very drunk, and they took a velvet hood out of pawn, and paid me the money; that is all I know of the matter.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


