





480. 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Poland 
                  



               
             of St. Martins in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing two silver spoons value 24 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rose 
                  




                
            , Gent.

Sept. 16
.


                  John 
                  Rose 
               



            . On the 16th of September I lost 2 silver spoons, from my house at Putney


.
Q. Have you found them again?
Rose. I have found one of them, it was stopped by Mr. Jacobs.
Q. Did you advertise them?
Rose. No, I did not. Mr. Jacobs stopped the prisoner, and advertised the spoon the 17th, and I went to Mr. Jacobs's house and saw the spoon.
Q. Is that one of the spoons you lost, and found at Mr. Jacobs's house?
Rose. Yes, I was at the Gatehouse to see him, and he desired I would be favourable to him.


                  John 
                  Jacobs 
               



             . I live in Hemming's Row by Leicester fields. On the 16th of last month the prisoner at the bar brought this spoon to me, between one and two in the Afternoon.
Q. Did you buy it of him?
Jacobs. No, my lord, I asked him how he came by it, and he said he bought it of a woman at Hounslow , I said that did not look likely, for I believed it was stole, for there is a Crest upon it, and I told him he should not have the spoon again unless he brought some person of credit to prove how he came by the spoon.
Q. Did you secure him?
Jacobs. Yes, I carried him before Justice Fraser, and he let him go.

Q. How did you find the prisoner again?
Jacobs. He came on the Tuesday following and asked for his spoon, and I carried him before the same Magistrate, and then he owned that he stole the spoon, and it was the first thing that ever he did in his life.
The Prisoner desired Mr. Rose might be asked whether that spoon was not delivered to him as a pattern for him to engrave the crest on some pewter.
Rose. Yes, my lord, the fellow came to engrave the crest on some pewter, and he being a dirty looking sort of a fellow I did not care to trust him with the spoon, and he was to come to my house and do it, and he told my maid he wanted 2 spoons, and she let him have them, and he took the opportunity of going off with the 2 spoons.
Q. Had he them for any other Purpose than to take off the engraving?
Rose . No, for no other purpose than to engrave the plates.
Jacobs. The prisoner said he stole the spoons, and sold the other to one of his countrymen.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


