






83. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Maxwell 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing a large Copper-bottom, wt. 1 C. and 6 lb. val. 5 l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Weale 
                  



                
            , in the Parish of St. Michael Woodstreet


, December 15

. And,
84. 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Peartree 
                  



               
            , of St. Botolph Aldgate


, was indicted for 


               receiving the same, knowing it to be stole
            .



                  Benjamin 
                  Weale 
               



            . On Saturday December 15. I lost from my Door, a Copper-bottom of an Hundred and odd Pounds Weight in the Evening; and I sent among the Trade, to desire it might be stopp'd, if it should be offer'd to sale. On Monday the 17th of December, about 7 in the Evening a Messenger came from Houndsditch, to let me know he believ'd he could give me Information about my Goods. Upon this I went to Mr. Simms, a Founder, in Houndsditch, and found about a third Part of the Copper-bottom in the Scales, in Order to be weigh'd and sold. Mr. Simms's Servants imagin'd it was mine, so they delay'd paying for it, and sent for me. My Servants, as well as I, being positive to the Goods, Mr. Simms told me he had order'd Mr. Peartree (who brought it) to call again for the Money, and if we would go to a publick House, he would send for us when he came. My Servants ( 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Mardon 
               



             and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Clark 
               



            ) went accordingly, to an Alehouse in the Neighbourhood; and about 8 o'Clock, we were all sent for; we asked him how he came by the Goods? He said, he had them from the Prisoner Maxwell, and that Maxwell told him, he had stole it from a Brasier's Shop, in Woodstreet, and had brought it to him (Peartree) on Saturday in the Evening. I told Peartree, it was not in the same Shape, when it was stole. He said, no; it was a whole Bottom when he receiv'd it from Maxwell, but in Order to disguise it, he had cut it to Pieces, and had carried 2 thirds of it to one Trench, a Founder at the 5 Bells in Old-Bedlam, and had said them to him, for 10 Pence Half-penny a Pound. Upon this Information from Peartree , I got a Search-Warrant, and went next Morning to French, who deliver'd me 70 lb. and a half of my Copper. On Thursday Evening Maxwell (as I was inform'd) brought a Barrel of Raisins to Peartree's House, and he was then taken. I was not present at that Time, but I was with him the next Morning before the Lord-Mayor, and heard him desire to be made an Evidence, for others he said were concern'd with him. He (Maxwell) acknowledg'd that he stole the Goods, one Burton (not taken) lent him a Hand up with it, to carry it off. Peartree was present at the Time when Maxwell made this Confession before my Lord-Mayor.


                  Henry 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I saw Money paid by my Mastes Peartree to Maxwell; and He gave Barton half of it. I can't tell the Day of the Month, nor how much Money was paid; but I heard Peartree tell them, he had but 8 Pence a Pound; and some Money (out of this) he allow'd for the Wast of the Copper. I remember this was the same Night that Peartree was stopp'd at Mr. Simm's Peartree is a Brass-Founder himself. - The common Price of Copper is about 10 d. 11 d. or 11 Pence Half-penny per Pound; according to it's Goodness. - The Value of this Copper (I believe) was about 10 Pence Half-penny, or 11 d. a Pound: But as there were some Nails in it. I reckon they made it a Half penny a Pound worse. I did not see the Goods brought in; but I saw the Money paid to Maxwell, by Peartree; and Maxwell told him, he brought it out of Woodstreet; I knew not whose the Goods were, at that Time; but I have since found, they were Mr. Weale's in Woodstreet.
Peartree. He knows I bought some Brass of him once before; but I would ask him, if he can say, I knew of Maxwell's going a-thieving?
Jackson. I know this, - I heard Maxwell tell him, that they went on in that Way. I have heard him tell him, he made a Thing so and so in such a Place. And I heard him tell Peartree, (when he (Peartree) paid him the Money for the Copper) that Burton would not carry it, it was too heavy for him, so he (Maxwell) was obliged to take it from the Door, and carry it off himself.
Peartree. I would ask him if he knows I was privy to Maxwell's Thieving?
Jackson. I don't know that he was.


                  George 
                  Watson 
               



            . Peartree's Mother informed me, that her Son (the Prisoner) had bought the Bottom of a Copper which was stolen from Mr. Weale, and she desired me to apprehend the Thief. Accordingly, I and another Person went to search for him, but could not find him. On the Evening of the same Day, she came to me, and told me, the Thief was then at their House. I went thither with a Friend, and we took the Prisoner Maxwell, at Peartree's House, with a Barrel of Raisins, which he had carried thither. As soon as we had apprehended him, he desired to go before Sir 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bellamy 
               



            , that he might be made an Evidence. He confessed the Fact, and that he had stole the Copper from Mr. Weale's Door. He said Barton roll'd it from Mr. Weale's Window, and he ( Maxwell) carry'd it off. He told me the very Time, and the Day when it was done. There he stands at the Bar, and can't deny it. Peartree is my Neighbour: He has liv'd 12 Years near me, and I never heard Harm of him.
Jury, (to Jackson,) Do you know your Master us'd to buy stolen Good?
Jackson. He has bought in that Way. - There has been many Goods brought into his House, which seem'd to be unlawfully come by, and he has bought many such Things of them: but he began to call himself to Remembrance, and to be desirous to refrain from their Acquaintance. But as he had dealt with them before, he was afraid of coming into Trouble for refusing to receive their Goods. I have heard him say this: and that he did not care to buy any more Goods from them. He has dealt with them, in this Way, near three Quarters of a Year to my Knowledge.
Jury. Have they told Peartree how they came by the Goods?
Jackson. Yes. They have told him how they came by them, and he has bought them notwithstanding. This Copper he bought of Maxwell, for 8 d. a Pound.


                  Daniel 
                  Marden 
               



            . On the 15th of last Month, about Dusk of the Evening, my Master lost a Copper-bottom from the Door. On the 17th a Messenger came from Mr. Simms, in Houndsditch, to inform him, there was such a Thing upon Sale, at his Shop. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Clark 
               



             and I, went thither, and my Master (Weale) follow'd. As soon as we saw the Copper, we knew it to be my Master's. Mr Simms's People told us the Man who brought it, was to come again for the Money, and they desired us to go and wait at an Alehouse, 'till he came. We went to a publick House; and one of Mr. Simms's Men came to us, about 8 o'Clock, and told us the Man was come for the Money. We went directly to Mr. Simms's and found Peartree, the Prisoner, and Part of the Copper, which we had lost, in the Scale. I said my Hand upon it, and claim'd it for my Master. Peartree stood on my right Hand, and said he belong'd to it. Then, says I, I will take Care of you, and the Copper too. This is the Copper, and I swear 'tis Part of my Master's Bottom, which he lost. The Prisoner said, he had it from Maxwell, for 8 d. a Pound, and own'd he had sold 70 th and a half to one Trench in Old Bedlam, and that he knew it to be stolen, at the same Time he sold it. I heard him own this, and that he had cut it to Pieces to raise Money on it, to pay the Rogues, Maxwell and Burton. Between one Tradesman and another, the Copper is worth 11 d. Half-penny a Pound: but we allow 12 d. a Pound for all that comes into our Shop.
Peartree. Whereabout was it, I own'd I knew It to be stole?
Marden. Both before Mr. Alderman Lambert, and my Lord-Mayor: and likewise in Mr. Simms's Shop.


                  Henry 
                  Clark 
               



             confirm'd the former Witness in every Circumstance: adding, that Peartree acknowledg'd he was sensible the Goods were stole but as he had dealt with Maxwell and Burton before, they threaten'd him, if he refused to dispose of their Goods.
Peartree. I am sure if I said I knew it to be stole, I told a Lie.
Maxwell. I own I stole it, and Peartree knew it was stole.


                  James 
                  Gase 
               



            . I have known Peartree from a Child. He is my Tenant, and has liv'd by me several Years. He pays his Rent honestly, and seemingly works hard for his Living. Rise early or late, you always find him at Work.


                  Geo 
                  Watson 
               



            . I never heard any Harm of Peartree. I have known him about 2 or 3 Years. He's a civil Neighbour, but in the way of buying stolen Goods, I can't be a Judge of that. - I know no Harm of him, but as I was inform'd about his buying this Gentleman's Effects.


                  Robert 
                  Hewson 
               



            . I have liv'd in Peartree's House, about 7 or 8 Years, but I knew him before he went 'Prentice. I never knew no Ill by him, and whenever I went in, or out, I always caught him in his Business.


                  James 
                  Murray 
               



            . I have known Peartree many Years, - from a Child; but I know nothing of his Affairs. I can't say I have ever heard any Thing of his Dishonesty before this Fact. Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


