





27. 
               
                  
                     Anna Maria 
                     Neale 
                  



               
            , of St Mary Whitechapel


, was indicted for 


               stealing one Silk Handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d. one Apron, val. 7 s. one Piece of Silk, and several other Things
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Heylin 
                  




                
            , Mar. 30
.



                  Edward 
                  Heylin 
               



            . In April and May last, I lost some Handkerchiefs, Linnen, and several other Things, the Prisoner was my Servant
 at that Time, she left my Service under pretence of going into the Country; but instead of that, I understood she had got a Service in the Neighbourhood. My Servant was complaining to the Washerwoman, that some of the Linnen was missing, (we discovered it by that) I found out where she lived, and got a Warrant to search, and went the 23d of June, with an Officer, to Mr Turner's in White Lyon-Yard, but in her Box we could only find two Pair of Gloves; Mr Turner's Son said, he suspected she had acted the dishonest Part, by the Handkerchief which she sold a Relation of his; I showed him a Handkerchief I had in my Pocket, and he knew his Relalation had bought such a Handkerchief, I knew it by the Mark of H in the Corner, tho' the H was pick'd out, the Mark of an H remained; her Box being since searched, several other Things were found that are mine.


                  Mary 
                  Atkinson 
               



            . I bought this Handkerchief of her one Day when I was visiting there, and gave her half a Crown for it.


                  Edw 
                  Heylin 
               



            . This is the Handkerchief that was delivered at Mr Turner's into the Constable's Hand.


                  Ann 
                  Gibbons 
               



            . I went to her in Bridewell, she said, she bought the Handkerchief in Rag-Fair; that she had nothing of her Master's, and bid me take care of the Writings that were in the Box. This Apron was in the Box, I know the Apron perfectly well, by seeing her wear it at Mr Turner's.
- Howard. I know the Apron to be my Mistress's Apron.
- Swafield, the Constable. Two Pair of Gloves were found in the Box, and owned by Mr Heylin. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


