





76. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Crow 
                  



               
            , of Ealing


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling House of 
                     
                        King 
                        Gold 
                     




                   , Esq
; about Two in the Night, and stealing ten Quart Bottles fill'd with Mountain Wine, value 10 Shillings the Goods of the said King Gold
             , Sept. 19
.
Mr. Gold. On the 19th of September last, my House was broke; and the next Morning, I found 18 Bottles in my Garden, 2 of which were full, and the rest empty.
Mr. Edmonds. I was present when the Prisoner sign'd his Examination; it was read over to him, and he did it voluntarily.
The Examination of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Crow 
               



            , taken before me George Butteris, Esq; &c. November 20th.
'' This Examinant faith, and doth own, that '' about the 18th or 19th of Sept. last, his Brother '' 
               
                  David 
                  Crow 
               



            , did persuade this Examinant, '' to go with him to visit some of the Servants '' of King Gold, Esq; in the County of Middlesex, '' with whom his said Brother had sometime before '' liv'd as a Servant; and when they came '' there, his said Brother thought of getting into '' the House, and accordingly his said Brother '' the said Morning of the 19th of Sept. about 2 '' or 3 o'Clock, did attempt to get in, and did '' get into the said House, by opening the Cellar '' Window; and did deliver out of the said Window, '' to this Examinant, about twelve Bottles '' of Wine, the major Part of which, they drank '' in the said Mr. Gold's Garden, and left the rest '' behind them; and whilst they were there a '' Gun was fir'd off from the House, but did not '' hurt this Examinant, or his Brother; and that '' his said Brother took away a Piece of cold '' Mutton, and a Piece of Bread, of which this '' Examinant eat Part.''
Prisoner. My Brother had me away, - I never was at the House before in my Life.




               Guilty Felony only, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


