





89. + 
               
                  Cornelius 
                  Jones 
               



            , of St. Mary Aldermary


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 3 l. 10 s. a suit of laced headclothes, value 1 l. 1 s. a suit of cambrick headclothes, value 5 s. four aprons, one Holland shirt, one Irish shirt, two Irish shifts, one silk apron, one piece of a short apron, half a yard of cherry coloured silk, an old silk hat, two pair of shift sleeves, two napkins, one sheet, two pewter plates, two pewter spoons, one under petticoat, a China bason, a pint earthern mug, an earthern tea-pot, a bunch of keys, seven on the bunch, and a towel, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Bruton 
                        




                      
                  , in her dwelling-house
            , Dec. 17
.


                  Martha 
                  Bruton 
               



             . I am a widow
, and live in Watling Street


; on the 17th day of December I lost a silver watch, of the value of 3 l. 10 s. and a great deal of linen, &c. [as mentioned in the indictment.]
Q. Where did you lose these?
Bruton. In my shop.
Q. Is that part of your dwelling-house ,
Bruton. Yes , it is part of my dwelling house.
Q. What time of the day did you lose them?
Bruton. Between five and six at night, the Prisoner came to my house about four o clock, and asked for one Mrs. Gardner, who did live in Queen Street; I used to frequent the shop when she lived there, and used to see the Prisoner there, and as one was Shropshire, and the other Herefordshire , we used to call one another country folk; when he came in, he asked to sit down; I had some mutton chops for dinner, and I thought he would have gone; he said he had good news to tell Mrs. Gardner, for he had an estate of 90 l. a year left him, which was to come to him at Christmas, and then he said he should want a watch. I said I had got a watch that I must dispose of; he desired to see it; I gave it him into his hand, and he seemed to like it.
Q. Did you deliver it into his hand?
Bruton. Yes, but he delivered it to me again, and desired I would keep it till Lady-day, and he would have it; I said I would lock it up, and keep it till Lady-day, and it should not see sun or moon till that time, and I locked it up in a chest of drawers that I have in the shop; then I went to broil the stakes, and he went into the little back room where I broiled them; the Prisoner sat still, but I expected him to go; said I, you plead a good deal of poverty, if you will stay and eat a stake you are welcome; said I, I have no beer in the house, and I asked him to go for a mug of beer; he said that he was so well known, that he did not care to be seen: He came out of the little room, and said it is time to go for the beer, for your stakes will be burnt; I went out to bespeak it, and left him in the room, not thinking the fellow would rob me.
Q. Was he in the same room when you came back?
Bruton. Yes , but he had been very busy while I was gone; then he went out, as I thought he might do , upon a necessary occasion .
Q. Did he go into any yard of yours, or into the street?
Bruton. I do not know whether he went out of the shop; I thought he staid longer than he had need to do, but he did not return; I folded up my things, mended the fire, and went into the shop, when, to my great surprize, I found these gloves rolled up as they are now in the shop; I turned to the place where my watch was, and found my watch was gone, and several other things, which were in the drawer; then I went to another drawer that was unlocked, and found that all my linen was gone.
Q. Was the drawer where you put the watch locked?
Bruton. I am positively sure that the drawer, where the watch was, was locked. I did not know what to do, or how to find this man, for he never was in my house before, only as I knew him at Mrs. Gardner's ; I went to Mrs. Gardner's to inquire after him, and she said he used some houses, which I went to.
Q. Where did you take him?
Bruton. I took him at the George in St. Martin's Legrand, the Wednesday night after, I take it to be the 23d of December; I had been to seek for a constable, but could not get one; there were several gentlemen there, and I desired they would assist me to take a thief; I spoke loud, for I speak pretty loud sometimes. The Prisoner dropped the watch under the bench, but I did not see him drop it; he asked me what I wanted with him, I said my silver watch; he wanted to go home to my house, and he said he would make me sensible that he had not robbed me; said I, Will not you run away from me? he said he would not; so I went out with him, and got him to a gentleman's house by Honey-Lane market, and had him secured. I asked him where the watch was, he said it was under the bench at the 
               
                  George 
                  Alehouse 
               



             ; I went there, and the watch was taken up; they had got a constable to take the watch up, and he delivered it into the hands of the woman of the house. The Prisoner owned the fact before several people.
Q. Where was this that you carried him to?
Bruton . To Mr. Bird's , by Honey-Lane market. We went to demand the , watch, and the woman at the George would not show it us. I said to the Prisoner, You rogue , you have robbed me of my watch , and all my linen. The Prisoner lodged in Dove-Court , and his landlady said, if I would not do him any harm she would bring some of the things to me.
Q. Have you got your things again?
Bruton . I have them in part.
Q. What became of the rest ?
Bruton . He said he was obliged to sell them, for he had been out of business a great while, and was poverty struck, and could not help doing what he did .
Q. Did you carry him before a Magistrate?
Bruton. I carried him before the Sitting-Alderman on the Thursday.
Q. Did he confess any thing else?
Bruton. He said it was my watch, that he had taken the string off it, and put another on.
The watch was produced, and Mrs. Bruton swore it to be her property ; there were two seals to it, but one was not hers .


                  Edward 
                  Francis 
               



            . I am a constable in the liberty of St. Martin's Legrand ; I was sent for to the George in St. Martin's Legrand, the 23d of December, about four o'clock I believe: When I came in, there was a watch lay upon the ground between the bench and the table; they desired me to take it up, which I did, and delivered it to the woman of the house.
Q. Have you never shewn it to Mrs. Bruton since?
Francis. Yes, before the Alderman, and she knew it presently. This is the watch I found under the table, and the Prisoner said that this was Mrs. Bruton's watch, and that he had taken the string off, and put another on.
Prisoner. She said she did not, and could not know it till I owned it.


                  Abraham 
                  Hensley 
               



             . One Wednesday night I heard the Prisoner say the watch was Mrs. Bruton's, and that he dropped it at the sign of the George; I went with the Prosecutrix and Mr. Bird there, and the landlady would not shew it, but when we came before the Alderman, she produced it.
Prisoner. I have been forty years in service, and never had any thing laid to my charge. Mrs. Bruton said, if I would eat a pound of stakes, she would treat me; I said I could not stay, but I did; she said she had no small beer in the house, so I went for a pot of beer, but the stakes were not come, and Moll Best was the girl that fetched the stakes, for Mrs. Bruton never went out of the house. I cannot say that I honestly bought the watch and paid for it, but I honestly agreed with her for it, and shewed it to a watchmaker, and he said it was not worth thirty shillings : I was to pay her so much a week, or the whole at the quarter's end, and I was to give her 5 l. 10 s. for it; she gave me four or five quarterns of gin, and I was drunk that night and lost my hat and wig; she often wanted me to come and see her when she lived in Cannon-Street , for she kept a shop there . I have no friends here. I lived seven years with Dr. Collins of Walthamstow as a footman, and in many other good places.

Q. How long have you been out of place?
Prisoner. About three quarters of a year.
Q. What have you done in that time?
Prisoner. I was down in my own country in Kent, at harvest-work, and in other places.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


