





301. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Scott 
                  



               
            , of St. Paul, Shadwell


, was indicted for 


               stealing 10 moidores
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Woodroffe 
                  




                
            , July 6
.


                  John 
                  Woodroffe 
               



            . Last Saturday about noon I lost 10 moidores out of my chest on board the ship Ann


 from Boston in New-England - it was in a purse in a pocket of a pair of breeches.
Q. Was the chest locked?

Woodroffe. It was locked, but the key was in it. I was called out of the steerage and returned again in about 5 minutes, and when I came to look for it, it was gone. The Prisoner and one Mrs. Butcher came to see me, I desired them to stay dinner, and presently after dinner they went away.
Q. How did you come to find it out?
Woodroffe. By Mrs. Butcher. When I went out of the steerage, I left them both sitting upon my chest, and when I came back they were sitting there, and she said what made you leave the key in your chest? and she took it out and gave it me. I had no mistrust of her then, but I found it out by a rash word of Mrs. Butcher's, that she wished the devil had had her before she went on board with the Prisoner; that expression gave me a mistrust of the Prisoner.
Q. How came she to come on board o'ship, did you know her before?
Woodroffe. I had seen her several times, for I was acquainted with her husband.
Q. Had not you been several times at her house in Coleman street?
Woodroffe. I have been there.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Butcher 
               



            . The Prisoner asked me to go with her on board o'ship to see her uncle; she said, this old gentleman [Woodroffe] was her uncle; when she came on board she called for 
               
                  John 
                  Woodroffe 
               



            , and the Prosecutor came, he unlocked his chest to give us a dram, and was called up upon deck; while he was gone, she said, my old uncle has taken a French prize, and I'll see if he has got any linen in his chest; I said, for shame, don't look into your uncle's chest when he is not in the way. When the old gentleman was coming down again, she shut down the lid of the chest.
Q. Did she take any thing out of the chest ?
Butcher. Her hand was in the chest, but her back being towards me, I did not see her take anything out. She said, uncle, why do you leave the key in your chest? and then she locked the chest, and he put the key in his pocket.
Q. What made you mistrust her taking the money?
Butcher. Because she paid her creditors in moidores that afternoon, and she had but one half peny in her pocket when she went on board - I did not see her pay any.


                  Stephen 
                  Seager 
               



            . [a baker] Last Saturday bout 3 o'clock in the afternoon [6th of July] the Prisoner brought a moidore to change, and paid me s. she owed me.


                  Vincent 
                  Clinton 
               



             [a baker.] Much about that time she brought a moidore to me, and paid me 5 s. she owed me.
W. Ward [a distiller.] The Prisoner owed me 8 s. 8 d. and on Saturday between 2 and 3 in the afternoon she brought a moidore, and paid me.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Mulliner 
               



             [a pawnbroker.] The Prisoner owed me 22 s. upon goods she had pledged, and last Saturday she came about 3 or 4 o'clock, and paid me with a moidore.
Woodroffe. We dined on board about one o'clock, and they went away directly after dinner.
Q. Have you ever lain at the Prisoner's house?
Woodroffe. I have once or twice when I have been late in town - I lay there the Sunday before she robbed me.
Q. What made you mistrust the Prisoner?
Woodroffe. Because Mrs. Butcher came on board that afternoon, and acquainted me with her having some moidores; then I looked for mine, and they were gone.
Q. Did not you give her the money upon the account of an injury that her daughter had received from you?
Woodroffe. No, I never gave her a moidore, I lent her a guinea some time ago to pay the King's tax.
Prisoner. He was in bed with me. He had like to have undone my child, and he fell down upon his knees, and asked my pardon, and gave me seven moidores to hold my tongue and not to expose him, and he said he would be a friend to me, and keep my child all her life.


                  Ann 
                  Boyd 
               



            . I am the Prisoner's sister; I live in New Gravel Lane.
Q. Has not the Prosecutor been at your sister's house 3 or 4 days together?
Boyd. Will you please to hear me, and I will tell you the truth. I saw Mr. Woodroffe in bed with my sister, and he gave her seven moidores; I have swore to it - it is now about 8 days ago - I cannot tell what day of the week it was - it was one day about a week ago - my sister sent for me.
Q. What did your sister send for you for?
Boyd. To ask me if she owed me any money, and I said she did for lodging. I shall speak what I am ashamed to speak *. He came to her to smother the injury he had done to the child; a child about 7 years of age; and I saw my sister and him in bed together, and he gave her 7 moidores.
* She deposed that the child had been very much injured in her private parts.
Q. What conversation passed between them?
Boyd. He said he loved her very dearly.

Q. I ask you what they said that is material to the present matter?
Boyd. I do not know what they did, but they were in bed together.
Q. You was speaking of moidores, what did you see about them?
Boyd. I saw the money given out of his hand into hers.
Q. Where had he money, or what was it in?
Boyd. He had it in a purse, he took it out of his pocket and gave it to her.
Q. What did he give it her for?
Boyd. He said he gave it her [here she paused a considerable time] I can't say what he gave it her for; but my sister's child was used in a very base manner. He gave me half a guinea to hold my tongue, but I would not, for my sister's child was used in a base manner; but I am no base woman.
Q. In what manner was the child used?
Boyd. I can't explain it if I was to lose my life - my dear sister's child was in a bleeding capacity in the private parts.
Q. Did he say he had done any thing to the child?
Boyd. No, he denied it, but we found him with the child in the garret, and no body else could do it; and my sister was in liquor, poor thing.
Q. What passed about this?
Boyd. Lord bless me, I can't tell, we were all in a passion and threatened to prosecute him, and so he has brought this indictment against my sister.


                  David 
                  Boyd 
               



            . Mr. Woodroffe gave my wife half a guinea, I did not know what it was for then; I thought it was because she was a whore to him, and I beat her for it; she would have given it to me, and I would not have it. My sister told me he had given her 7 moidores to make it up about the child. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


