





80. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Haddock 
                  



               
             , of St. Dunstan's in the West


, London, was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones 
                  




                
            , Jan. 12
.


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . On Tuesday night last I was coming along pretty near Black-Fryer's gate


, and observing a twitch of my coat, which was unbuttoned, that drew the skirt of my coat back, I put my hand into my pocket, and missed my handkerchief ; I turned about, and saw two persons behind me, the Prisoner at the bar was one, and I saw my handkerchief in his hand; I taxed him with it, and told him it was my handkerchief, but he said he found it; I laid hold of him, but the other, who I apprehend was his companion, went away, and I saw no more of him; I took hold of the Prisoner, and carried , or at least dragged him to Grocers-Hall, from whence I had an order to take him to the Compter, for I had no constable all this while, neither could I get one, so I took him to the Compter myself: He was examined by one of the persons belonging to my Lord's office, and he said he was a shoemaker, and lived at Cow-Cross. Yesterday he was committed, and then he did not say he was a shoemaker, but carried coals, and did what he could for a livelihood.
Q. You say there was a twitch at your pocket, Do you think you lost your handkerchief at that time?
Jones. Yes.
Prisoner. I was going along, and picked this handkerchief off the ground; the gentleman took it in his hand and owned it; he desired me to give it him, and I gave it him directly.
A Juryman. Was it dirty?
Jones. No, Sir.
Jury. How long had you made use of it before?
Jones. But a very little time.
Q. Was it in a dirty place?
Jones. It was upon the paved stones.
Q. Was it dirty weather?
Jones. The stones were slappy.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


