





164. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Linsley 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a duffle coat, value 6 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Going 
                  Drayton 
               




            , February 18
.


                  Diana 
                  Drayton 
               



            . On Monday the 18th of February I went over the way to a neighbour's, and she desired me to stay with her a little; I told her I had left my door open. I went over again, and saw the Prisoner in my room with my husband's coat in her hand; she had taken it off a nail, but had not time to put it cross her arm. Seeing a strang person there, I was frightened, and asked her what she did there; she said, that either Mr. Williams or Mrs. Williams had sent her for the coat; I said the coat was mine, and she should not have it; she said it was hers, and she would have it; I told her I would take it away; then she took hold of me by the handkerchief which was about my neck, and shook me. I called to a woman who was in the house, and she said she would have me send for an officer; I said I was but a stranger in the place, and did not know where to get one: I said the Prisoner was an impudent jade, and I would get an officer for her; she said, if I did not get an officer for her, she would get one for me, so I staid and kept the Prisoner, and Mrs. Treddell went for an officer.
Q. What did the Prisoner do with the coat?
Drayton. She laid the coat down, and said, D - n you, there is the coat, I have not robbed you of any thing,
Treddell. Mrs. Drayton called me down stairs, when I came down, the Prisoner had the coat in her hand, she laid the coat down upon the dresser, and said, D - n you, I have not robbed you of nothing; D - n you, you are a saucy jade to stop me without a constable, I will have one for you: I said she should have one in a little time, and that I believed it was not the first time she had deserved one, so I got a constable, and she was taken up.
Prisoner. I had received some money of my mistress, and went to buy a gown, and the gown was too strait for me, and I went in there to enquire for one Mrs. Williams, a mantua maker, and a woman shoved by me (I do not know whether that gentlewoman [Mrs. Drayton ] is the person ) and said, What do you do here, how came that coat there?
Drayton. I did not say how came the coat there.
Prisoner. Had not I a new gown on?

Drayton. You had a newish gown on.
Prisoner. The gentlewoman insisted upon my company, kept me three quarters of an hour, and then charged a constable with me. 


               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


