





3. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Huddle 
                  



               
             , of St Catherine Cree-Church


 , was indicted for 


               stealing six Yards of Check, Value 9 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Demee 
                  




                
             , Nov. 30th
.
The Prisoner desired the Witnesses might be examined a-part.


                  Richard 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I am Servant to Mr Demee ; last Tuesday was fe'nnight, as I was shutting up Shop, and had put up the Shutters on one Side, and stood holding the Pin for the Boy, who was on the inside, something came trailing against my Legs, and a Gentleman passing by, said to me, That was taken off of your Bulk. - It was six Yards of Check Linnen, belonging to 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Demee 
               



             ; one End of it was under a Man's Coat, and the other trailing in the Street; I pursued him, and he turned down Duke's-Place


, against Mr Smith's Back door, by the Mitre-Tavern : I went to lay hold of him, or strike him, I cannot tell which; he turned about and said to me, G - d damn you, what do you want? He ran again, and I after him; the Check was under his Coat just before; said he, what do you want? I have nothing; a Man came up to me and said, the Goods are carried back to your Shop; when I came back to the Shop, the Check was brought back, and a Hat; this is his Hat, - I know it, because I was in our Shop when he was asked whether this was his Hat, and he said Yes.


                  Isaac 
                  Lacour 
               



            . [the Prosecutor in the former Trial] As to the Knowledge of the Person, I cannot say any Thing ; I was coming by Mr Demee's Door, and saw a Fellow trailing a Piece of Check Linnen; says I, to the Person at the Door, Look after that Piece of Check Linnen, it is trailing along the Ground; he could not draw it in so fast, but some of it trailed after him, I believe about two Yards; - I think I remember it again; for I saw the Piece of Linnen afterwards in the Middle of Duke's-Place, upon the Ground; said I to a Man, take up the Piece of Linnen and the Hat, and I will shew you the Shop where the Linnen was taken from; I went to the Shop and delivered the Piece and the Hat into the Shop, - I believe it to be the Piece, and the Hat is like that which was delivered into the Shop.
Prisoner. My Lord, please to ask whether I was the Person that took the Cloth?
Lacour. I do not know whether he is the Man that took away the Check.
Court. Mr. Demee's Man says you are the Person that took the Cloth.
Prisoner. I am innocent of it.
Mr Paget. I met the Prisoner with a Piece of Linnen, dragging along the Ground, just by Mr Salter's Shop, within two Doors of Mr Demee's. - I am sure that is the Man, and that is the Linnen: One End was under his Arm, and the other dragging upon the Ground, when they cry'd out stop Thief: I had like to have run over a Girl, or I had taken it from under his Arm: He threw the Check down; I said to a Gentleman, Take Care of the Check; and I ran after him, and took him.
Prisoner. Mind what you are upon, young Man: I am as innocent as the Child unborn.
Paget. I am sure he flung the Check from him: then I ran after him, and in about two or three Minutes I took him.
Prisoner. One hit me, and another hit me. I am an innocent Man. Ask him if he saw me with it under my Arm?
Paget . I am sure he is the Person that had the Check under his Arm.
Prisoner. I am innocent of the Matter: I am but just come from Sea.


                  Mary 
                  Paget 
               



            . There was a great Cry of stop Thief, upon which my Husband and I ran down: I saw a Piece of Check and a Hat lie pretty near one another: A Gentleman took it and carried it to Mr Demee's Shop. - I did not see him drop it, it was dropp'd before I saw it.


                  George 
                  Wardley 
               



             . I am a Constable; I live under Aldgate: I do not know any thing as to the Fact, but as I brought him along, he desired I would send to his Friends. I sent a Watchman to acquaint them that the Constable had sent him to Newgate; there was a Woman made Answer, I am very glad of it, for he has a very bad Character. - We are very much pester'd with these Fellows. 

               Guilty
             .




[Transportation. See summary.]


