





[Note: this edition of the Proceedings was misdated on the original title page. The correct dates for this meeting of the court are MAY 11, 12 and 13, 1749.]
332. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tyler 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 30 calf skins, value seven pounds
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Adamson 
                  




                
            , Jan. 19
.


                  Joseph 
                  Adamson 
               



             . I am a currier
, I live at London-wall the corner of Alderman-bury


. On Jan. the 19th I lost 30 calf-skins out of my shop between five in the evening and six the next morning: I advertis'd them the 21st, and on the 23 d they were stopp'd upon Tower-hill, I went and told the marks, and carried some of the same parcel with me, and they appeared to be my property .
Eliz. Wakefield. I live with Mr. Howel, the prisoner brought my master some skins to sell about the 20th of Jan. as near as I can guess, there were six of them; he ask'd 20 s. first, but he was to have 15 s; for which reason Mr. Howel did not think the goods were honestly come by. We would have stopped him but he got away, and never came to ask after them, altho' he had told us before that he was a master-currier , and kept six men at work, adding, his name was Attwood and liv'd in Walnut tree Alley, Bishopsgate-street .
Prisoner's Defence . I went to buy a little boy a pair of old shoes , going into Rosemary-branch alehouse to call for a pint of beer , it rain'd. There was a man had got a skin or two on the table, he seeing me to be a shoe-maker, ask'd me if I could sell them for him; I went round to many shoemakers to sell them; he said he lived in Houndsditch ; and that his name was Attwood ; I return'd and told him I could not sell them; then he said, take the skins and try them, which I did, but I never saw the man before or since.



               Guilty
             of Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


