





142. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Wilkins 
                  , otherwise 
Philpot, otherwise 
Johnson




            , was indicted for 


               stealing Sixty seven Linen Handkerchiefs, value 3 l. the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Reynolds 
                        




                      
                  , in the Dwelling house
             of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Thornton 
               



            , Widow, Feb. 2
.


                  Q.
                   Thomas Reynolds
               



            . What are you?
Reynolds. I keep a Snuff and Perfume Shop, but my chief Business is to sell Linen Goods, with a Licence, about the Streets
.
Q. Did you lose any thing on the 2d of this Month?
Reynolds. I was selling some Sheets at a House in Broad St Giles's


, and in selling these things, the Prisoner at the Bar came in, and another Woman along with her, to drink some Gin; being a wet Day, I could not go about with my Goods, I thought I might as well lay out Three-pence or a Great with her, as to go to a Publick house; being very rainy, I staid at the House in St Giles's where I sold these Goods, 'tis a 
               
                  Gin 
                  Shop 
               



            , where I sold these Sheets; I staid till between one and two, and the Prisoner at the Bar, and one 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Barrow 
               



            , a Person with her, had some Gin together; as we were sitting by the Fire-side, she said she lived but three or four Doors from that House, and said her Husband was out, and I should be welcome to lay down upon the Bed a little, and she would be a Customer to me; when I went up Stairs, there was a Bed in the Room, and immediately half a Pint of Gin was brought up without my Order; I says I don't want any, but as 'tis come, I shall drink; I went from thence back to the Gentlewoman's that bought the Sheets of me, and she bought a Remnant of Check.
Q. How long did you stay there?
Reynolds. I was there about a Quarter of an Hour, from first to last; I packed up my things in that House, then went and told the Gentlewoman at the other Place where I sold the Sheets, I would bring her some more sheeting, and two Pounds of Snuff.
Q. Did you miss any thing when you went away?

Reynolds. I did not miss any thing till I came to the Gin-shop again.
Court. And there you opened the things again?
Reynolds. I opened them to pack them so as the Rain should not hurt them in carrying them Home.
Q. When you opened your things there, did you miss any thing?
Reynolds. Yes, my Lord, I missed a very large Parcel of Handkerchiefs, which might be to the best of my knowledge, 63 or 64.
Q. Of what Kind were they?
Reynolds. There were a Dozen or Fourteen printed, and all the rest were checked.
Q. What was the Worth of all of them?
Reynolds. The whole, take them all together, might be worth 3 l. or 3 l. 10 s. I told the Gentlewoman of the Gin-Shop, in case these Goods should be found upon these two Women, they should stop them and give me Notice; I went back directly to the Place, but the Women were both gone.
Court. Then those two Women that were with you at the Gin-shop, and at this House, were both the same that yo u suspected took your Goods?
Reynolds. Yes, though I did not see them take them away, but as the Evidence will prove it afterwards.
Q. What Time of the Afternoon was it you went away from the Gin shop? and what Time was you there in the Morning?
Reynolds. About Nine in the Morning.


                  Samuel 
                  Pryer 
               



            . My Master keeps a Pawnbrokers-shop: on the 2d of February, 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Barrow 
               



             brought to my Master's two Handkerchiefs.
Q. Do you know any thing of the Prisoner?
Pryer. I know nothing at all of the Prisoner?
Q. to 
               
                  John 
                  Lynch 
               



            . What are you?
Lynch. I am a Chimney-sweeper.
Q. What do you know of the Prisoner at the Bar?
Lynch. I know nothing more, but that this Man was robbed, and I laid hold of this Woman, and took these Handkerchiefs away from her, and Mr Cartwright the Constable charged her.
Q. When did you take that Piece of Handkerchief?
Lynch. I don't know the Time; it was of a Monday Night, and the Man was robbed in the Forenoon.
Q. How long ago?
Lynch. I believe about three Weeks ago.
Q. Are they the very Goods you took from her?
Lynch. I am sure of it.
Q. How came you to take them from her?
Lynch. As soon as this Man was robbed, being informed of it, I knew this Woman, she lived just by me; I saw her with one of these Handkerchiefs upon her, after there had been an Outcry of her robbing Mr Reynolds.
Q. Who was along with the Prisoner, when you took the Handkerchiefs?
Lynch. 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Barrow 
               



             was asleep on the Bed in the Room, and the Prisoner was much in Liquor; but she was no more asleep than I am.
Q. to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cartwright 
               



            . What are you?
Cartwright? I am Constable. This Man, the Prosecutor, came to me, and told me he had been robbed of a great Quantity of Handkerchiefs.
Q. Can you tell the Name of the Prisoner?
Cartwright. She has several Names; she goes by the Name of Philpot. When the Man came to me, I went with him. When I came, she was sitting in the Room; I think, up two Pair of Stairs.
Q. At whose Lodgings was she?
Cartwright. At one Mr Short's House. This blue Handkerchief lay upon the Table by her.
Q. Did you find any other Things?
Cartwright. As I was putting of her into the Round house, she put out an Oath; Why did you not bring the other to suffer as well as me? I went immediately back again, and fetched the other Woman; and she told every thing, where the Handkerchiefs were pawned; some were pawned at one Place, and one at another; some she had pawned, and some she had sold; we found it all to be true as she had said; there was one hid under the Hog-tub in the Yard.
Q. What was the other Woman's Name?
Cartwright. 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Barrow 
               



            .
Q. to 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Barrow 
               



            . What have you to say against 
               
                  Jane 
                  Philpot 
               



            ?
Barrow. She said to me, I have got a Piece of Handkerchiefs; if you will go with me to pawn them, I will give you Part of them.
Q. When was it she told you so?
Barrow. It was on Candlemas-day, the second Day of February.
Q. Did you go along with her?
Barrow. Yes, my Lord; I asked her where she had them from. She bid me to ask her no Questions, she was made a Present of them; and I went with her to pawn them.
Q. What Number were there?
Barrow. There were nine in the Piece, and we pawned eight of them.
Q. Are these produced in Court them?
Barrow. Every one of them.
Court. And these you had from her?

Barrow. She and I went and pawned them together, eight of them; she said she would keep one of them for her own Wear; she said the blue one did not belong to her.
Q. What is that red one?
Barrow The Woman where she lodged had one Part, and the Prisoner the other.
Q. Who cut the Handkerchiefs ?
Barrow. Philpot the Prisoner. I afterwards went down to my House; after I went home, the Prisoner followed me with a Pretence to make me drink. I told her I had drank enough already; I would go to sleep. She followed me, and said she would treat me with a Dram; and carried me to the Woman where we were before, and called for a Quartern of Gin. The Woman and she went up Stairs together; I stayed the Space of half an Hour, then she came down. I saw she had something in her Apron. I said, I will go. Here, stay a bit, says she; I'll go home with you. Says she, I have got some Handkerchiefs gave me; and Mrs. Thornton will have Part of them; and the Prisoner sold three of them for 1 s.
Q. Was there any put under the Hog-tub ?
Barrow. Yes, my Lord; she crammed one in the Yard, under the Hog-tub.
Q. What did she put it there for ?
Barrow. For Fear it should be searched, and found about her. I did not know she put it there, till she was took up.
Court to the Prisoner. What have you to say in your Defence ?
Prisoner. I lived along with this Woman: Upon Candlemas-day we went to drink with this Man that lost the Goods: The Prosecutor sat down upon the Bed with 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Barrow 
               



            , drinking with her; and they drank half a Pint of Gin out; and she said she was a-dry, and wanted some Beer; and they brought a Full-pot of Two-penny up: He desired they might go to Bed together. The Woman said, she had not a Room to let, and they should not; and we went out of the House together. When I came out, my Garter dropped off; and before I could pick it up again, they were gone.
[The Prisoner insinuated that she went afterwards to Barrow's House, and found eight Handkerchiefs in her Bed; and she gave her three of them]




               Guilty of single Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


