





276. + 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Low 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing 700 wt. of Iron, value 20 s. and one Board, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Stibbs 
                  




                
            , June the 29th
.


                  Thomas 
                  Stibbs 
               



            . On the 29th of June last, one of my Journeymen acquainted me, that 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Low 
               



             the Prisoner, went out with a load of Hinges upon his Shoulder , and he asked him how he came by them : and he said my young Apprentice had given them to him; upon hearing this I returned to the Yard, and I mist all those Things mentioned, and a great deal more.


                  Thomas 
                  Charlton 
               



            . On the 29th of June , I was going out of Fore-street, and I saw this Low come out of my Master's Yard, with an Iron belonging to a Chimney, and cross garnet Hinges ; I asked him who delivered that Iron to him, and he said Peter delivered it to him; I presently after met with Peter, and asked him whether he delivered any Iron to anybody, he said no; I told him I had met a Man with Iron, so we pursued him down Moor-lane; I described the Man to him, and he said, I have seen one Low lurking about my Master's Yard several times ; I said if I could ever see him I should know him, but they knew him better than I; they took him under a Lamp , and when I saw his Face, I knew it was the same; he was carried to the Watch-house , where his Wife came to him, and was very sorry, and would have had him to have asked his Master's Pardon; so I said to his Wife, if you will go along with us, we will see you home; so I goes home with her , and looking under the Bed, there we found a Board , which we carried to my Master's Yard, and there was a Stock that it belonged too; he said at one time he had the Board a Year, then Half a Year, and he told me at the Compter , that he had a Month .
Q. What was the Iron you saw him with?
Charlton . An Iron that belongs to a Chimney , and cross garnet Hinges .
Q. to Stibbs. Did you lose such Iron ?
Stibbs . Yes, my Lord.


                  Robert 
                  Canutbus 
               



             . The other Witness described the Man, and we went in pursuit after him, and found him about 10 o'Clock in Angel-street near Bishopsgate street , and we carried him to the Watch-house, and his Wife came to him, and cry'd very much.


                  Peter 
                  Mon 
               



             . I have met the Prisoner under my Master's Gateway, and I asked him what Business he had there, he said he came to ask my Master for Work.
Q. What say you to what happened the 29th of June .
Mon. On the 29th of June our Journeyman met him with Iron upon his Shoulder, and he told the Man that I had given it to him; but I gave him none. So we went directly in pursuit after him, and took him in Angel Alley : His Wife came there, and we went home with her, and found the Board under his Bed and the Chest of Drawers , and we had a great deal of trouble to get out the Board . He said he had had it a Twelvemonth , then Half a Year, and a Month at last.
Prisoner, I never said any such Thing , I found the Board standing at the dead Wall by Moorgate . I have a Witness to prove, that I was in another Place all the Day long.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Shrewsbury 
               



             . The Prisoner was at my my House on this Day till almost twelve o'Clock. I have known him for twenty Years, and I could have intrusted him with untold Gold. My Husband is now sick in Bed, or otherwise he would have appeared for him.


                  George 
                  Poulton 
               



             . I am come to speak for his Honesty. He was four Years with me Abroad, and he was intrusted with all the Carpenter's Stores . If Captain 
               
                  Folliot
               


             was here he would appeared for him.


                  John 
                  Grainger 
               



             confirm'd the above Evidence .


                  James 
                  Drew 
               



             . I have known the Prisoner for five Years, and he is an honest Man, that is all . Drew's Wife said the same.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Canny 
               



            . I have known him four Years . I have known him ever since he came from Sea . I was in the Poultry Compter , and several of the Prisoners, the Debtors there, said that Mr Stibbs should say, he would transport him if swearing would do it. 


               Guilty to the Value of 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


