





193. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Domingus 
                  



               
            , of Allhallows Barking


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Spoon, val. 10 s. the Goods of Eliz. Wilson; and a Velvet Hood, val. 6 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Axx 
                  




                
             , Jan. 27
.


                  Mary 
                  Axx 
               



            . My Husband, John Axx, is a Tal-low-Chandler
 we live at the Corner of Seething-Lane in Tower-street


. The Prisoner came to our Shop the latter End of January last, with a Child in her Arms, and bespoke 10 Dozen of Candles; after which she begg'd leave to sit down with her Child in our Kitchen: we did not refuse it, so she came in and sat down by the Dresser, where the Spoon and my Velvet Hood lay. She staid some Time in the House, and dined with us; and told us the Candles were for her Aunt, who kept the Jewel-Office in the Tower and as we had served that Person before, we were civil to the Prisoner, and she staid with us from 11 in the Morning, till 4 o'Clock in the Afternoon: she then went out, telling us she would go to the Box-maker's, and order a Box to be sent, into which the Candles were to be put. As soon as she was gone, I miss'd the Spoon and Hood, which lay upon the Dresser, and remembering I had seen both of them in her Hand, while she was in the House, I went after her to the Box-maker's, but she had not been there, nor did I see any thing more of her, till last Wednesday, and then I happened to see her going to take Water at the Old Swan. I taxed her with having taken the Goods, and she confessed she had sold the Spoon to one Basil Denn , who lives on the Left-Hand Side of the Way, upon London-Bridge. My Husband went to Denn's, and enquired for the Spoon, but it was never produced. She owned she took both the Spoon and the Hood, in the Presence of me, my Husband, and my Mother (Eliz. Wilson ); my Servant was in the House the same Time she took them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Wilson 
               



            . When my Daughter, (the former Witness) li't of this Creature at the Old Swan, she went with her to a Publick-House, and sent for me; I never saw her before that Time, in my Life, and that was last Wednesday. I desired her to confess, where she had sold or pawn'd the Things, that we might have them again; telling her, if they were pawn'd, I would redeem them. She told us, we could not have them again: I know (said she) you cannot, for the Spoon is sold on London-Bridge, thro' the Gate, on the Left-hand-side of the Way, and the 
               
                  Hood 
                  I 
               



             have sold to a young Woman of my Acquaintance for 3 s.


                  Mary 
                  Swanson 
               



            . The Hood and Spoon were upon the Dresser, when the Prisoner came into the House, and as soon as she was gone, we miss'd them.
John Axx. I went to 
               
                  Basil 
                  Denn 
               



            , a Goldsmith on London-Bridge to enquire after the Spoon; and he told me, he had bought several Spoons, but could not tell the Marks of any. I was present on Thursday, when the Prisoner was carried before Mr. Alderman Perry, and she confes'd there, that she had stole the Hood and Spoon, and had sold the Spoon for 7 s. and it weighs 10 s. or 10 and 6 d. and I serv'd Denn with a Subpena this Day, but he is not here.
Prisoner. I had been at the Excise-Office that Day, and I own I din'd at Mr. Axx's, but I did not take the Things. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


