








                     John 
                     Lupton 
                  



                
             , was indicted for 


               stealing (with 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Flack 
                     



                   , not taken) a Cambrick Pinner and Coif, a Cambrick Handkerchief, 2 Children's Night-caps, a Muslin Handkerchief, and divers other Goods, of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Jephson 
                        



                      
                   , in his Dwelling-house
            , March 3

. And
29. 
               
                  Margery
                   (the Wife of Richard) Bunce
               



            , for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  John 
                  Lowther 
               



             . On the 3d or 4th of last March, between 8 and 9 at Night, the Prisoner, and I, and 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Flack 
               



            , went into Wine-Office-Court, in Fleet-Street



. We saw a Maid washing a House there , and she went down Stairs for a pail of Water, and left the Door open. Flack, seeing the Door open , said, there was a Chance , and thought there had been no body in the Room: They bid me go in; so I went through the parlour into the Kitchen, where there were 2 Children at play by the Fire-side . There was no Candle in the Room, and I happened to put my Hand up just at the Corner of the Room, and felt a Bundle of Linen, which I took away; and the Maid coming up with the Water, we all ran away, as fast as we could to the Prisoner Bunce's, in Green's Rents by Fleet-Ditch . As I was coming through Bride's-Alley , I dropped some of the Linen, and met Bunce ; she said, I was in a great Hurry, not to stay to pick it up, and so she took it up herself, and followed me to her House. When we came there, we went up into her one pair of Stairs Room, and looked over the Things; there were laced Caps, laced Handkerchiefs, Shirts, Caps and Aprons, and she said, they were all Rags, and worth but a Trifle ; so she gave us 7 s. 6 d. for them, and we shared it amongst us.


                  Charles 
                  Jephson 
               



             . About the 3d of March, I was out, and when I came Home, my Wife informed me, we had been robb'd of some Linen, while the Maid was gone for a Pail of Water. Upon this, I printed some Bills, but heard nothing 'till I saw Lowther's Information , in which was this Robbery. I went to him in Bridewe , and he gave me exactly the same Account of it as he has now.
C. to Lowther . What Things were there in the Bundle?
Lowther. There were a great many Caps, but I did not understand the Names of the Things; for Bunce snatched them out of my Hand , and said, they were all Rags.


                  Martha 
                  Kempster 
               



             . I know that the Prisoner Bunce bought this Linen of Lupton , Lowther, and Flack, at her House in Green's Rents. When Lowther brought the Bundle up Stairs, it was opened , and there were two ruffled Shirts in it, a laced Pinner and Coif, and a laced Handkerchief about two Fingers bread . There were a great many other Things, and she gave them 7 s. 6 d. for them all; but I believe they were worth at least between 4 and 5 l. She told me, she had bought a great many Things of them, but this was the best Bargain that she ever had.
Jury. Did you see the Money paid?
Kempster . Yes, she pulled out a green Purse, and gave them five Shillings, and the rest in Six-pences.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Jephson 
               



             . I happened to go out to my Mother's, and when I came home, those Things were gone: I took them off the Lines myself before I went out, and tied the small Things up in a Handkerchief, and put them into the other Bundle.
Kempster . They were in two Bundles when they were brought in. The Pinner and Coif, the Handkerchiefs and other small Things were in one Bundle , and the rest in another .


                  Elizabeth 
                  Colombine 
               



             . I am Mr. Jephson's Servant. I was washing the House that Day, and went down Stairs for Water, and when I came up again, I missed the Linen off the Dresser in the Kitchen.
Sarah Bartlet confirmed 
               
                  Mary 
                  Kempster 
               



            's Evidence.
The Jury found both the Prisoners 

               guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


