





636. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Miller 
                   alias 
Sergent




             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver tankard, val. 6 l. two linen shirts, val. 5 s. three silk handkerchiefs, val. 3 s. one black hood, val. 1 s. one case of fleams, val. 1 s. one large silver coat button, val. 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Griffiths 
                  




                
            .

Sept. 10
.


                  David 
                  Griffiths 
               



            . I keep a public house, the prisoner at the bar had used my house about 6 weeks or 2 months. On the 10th of Sept. he came to my house to dinner, and after that he seemed to be very much in liquor; he beg'd the savour to go and lie down on the bed, I took him up stairs, and let him lie on my own bed, which he did; there were the silver tankard and other things then in that room. My wife and I took a little walk out, and left my man John and a young woman to take care of the house; we were gone out about 2 or 3 hours, when we returned, the prisoner at the bar was gone; we went to bed that night, and got up as usual; next morning my wife went to see for the tankard, before she had put on all her clothes, and found the tea that was in it was emptied into a in the window, and the tankard was gone: where we were upon the inquiry where to find him, he came in and took the paper to read; my wife and I told him, as he was going out, we wanted to speak with him; I charged him with taking these things, he denied it, and began to curse and swear he never wronged man, woman or child in his life, saying, he would surrender himself, and would not stir. I sent for a constable, and we took him to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Barnard 
               



             the sitting alderman; the alderman ask'd him where he lodg'd; he said, he had no lodgings at all, but sat up in a box in the street; said the alderman, where is your chest or clothes? said he, I have no box at all: he said he had a brother-in-law liv'd at the Ship Tavern, Temple-bar, who was drawer there; when we went there to inquire about him, his brother told us his name was Sergent, and we found that he lodged at his own sister's; we found a trunk there with his clothes in it, which he had on when at my house; then we took him to Guildhall, and he was committed; upon which his sister came to our house, and told my wife, if we would be easy with her brother, she would help us to the tankard again. As I was going along with her, she said, I must have a nightman to get it up, it being down the vault where she lodged: I got a nightman, who soon brought up my tankard out of the vault. The constable found his trunk, and in it the rest of the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  William 
                  Truckel 
               



             another witness who was at the finding the tankard and other things depos'd the same.



               Guilty
            , felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


