





313. 
               
                  
                     William
                      Joseph Dix, otherwise 
Joseph William Dix




               
            , of Alhallows Lombard Street


, was indicted for 


               stealing ten dozen of fowls, value 8 l. 17 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Johnson 
                  




                
            , June 3
.


                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I am a poulterer
 in St. James's Market. On the third day of June I went to Leadenhal Market


, and bought ten dozen of fowls and chickens dead, which came to 8 l. 17 s. 9 d. After I had packed them up, I called out porter, and this Dix stood close by me with a new knot, a rope, and a ticket: I did not know him, so I looked on his ticket, and there was upon the ticket, 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Turner 
               



             at Fetter Lane, freeman. I was told he was a ticket porter
, and that I was very safe, so I ordered him to carry the fowls to my house: this was about a quarter after six, I went home about a quarter after seven, and there were no fowls come, and I had none all that day. Mr. Basset saw two men at Deptford with some fowls, and having heard of my losing some fowls, secured the Prisoner, and sent to me. I went to Deptford, tied the Prisoner's arms, paid the reckoning, and came away, and paid ten shillings for a landau to bring him to London.


                  Adam 
                  Sharrock 
               



            . I am a porter and carman, and work for Mr. Johnson; he bought ten dozen and seven fowls and chickens: I was going with some goods for another master, and he said he could not stay till I came back: the Prisoner stood by him with a knot, and he asked me if I knew the man; I said I knew nothing of him; I looked upon his ticket, and there was upon it Matthew Turner, Fetter Lane; I said, master, you are very safe, he is a ticket porter.


                  William 
                  Basset 
               



            . On the fourth of June in the afternoon I took out my horse for a ride, and about the middle of Deptford town I saw two fellows at an alehouse door with some fowls, and hearing Mr. Johnson had lost some the day before, I asked them what they had got there; they said fowls, but their master was not there, and they could not sell them; they were to carry them to the Boot and Crown at Deptford, and he was to come there to them. I went there and enquired for a constable, but there was none to be had there, so we got one at Greenwich. I told the men I believed their master had stole the fowls: at last the Prisoner came, and I took care they should not give him any item to get away. The Prisoner came into the house very boldly, and I asked him if he had any thing to sell; he said, yes, he had got some fowls. I asked him if they were his fowls; he said, yes. I had not patience to stand talking with him much, and I said if he did not give a good account how he came by them, I would charge a constable with him, which I did. There were six dozen and two of the fowls left, and I desired the constable to take care of the Prisoner and them till I rode to London. I went to Mr. Johnson's, and acquainted him with it; and when he came to Deptford I shewed him the prisoner, and he said that was the man; and Mr. Johnson hired a landau, and brought him to London. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


