





126. + 
               
                  Ann 
                  Thomas 
               



            *, of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Jones 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Jan. 26
.
* She was tried in September Sessions, in Heathcote's Mayoralty, for stealing a dressing glass and a pair of silver buckles, and acquitted.
Vide pag. 31. Trial 77.
She was also tried in December Sessions, in Sir Robert Willimott's Mayoralty, for stealing a Moidore, and acquitted .
Vide pag. 24. Trial 38.


                  Daniel 
                  Jones 
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner at the bar?
Jones. Yes.
Q. What do you know of her?
Jones. She picked my pocket of a watch.
Q. Did you know her before?
Jones. Yes, I had seen her several times.
Q. Where was this done?
Jones. In Windsor Court, in Drury-Lane


, the twenty-sixth of this month.
Q. Have you had your watch again?
Jones. The keeper of the Gatehouse has the watch.
Q. How came you to find out the Prisoner at the bar?
Jones. I took her in a moment's time. I sent down for a quartern of brandy, and she run down stairs with my watch.
Q. What shop is it?
Jones. It is a chandler's shop , and they sell liquors.
Q. How came you into her company?
Jones. I was going by, and she was standing at the door, and asked me to give her a dram; I went up stairs with her, and in five minutes time my watch was gone; she took it out of my Fob. The Prisoner offered the watch to the woman of the house, and the woman told her she had robbed the young man of the watch [meaning the Prosecutor]; the Prisoner came up stairs again, and the watch were sent for, and she was carried to the Gatehouse; and after she was committed, the constable and beadle said they believed it was in her stocking, for they thought they saw something stick out: The constable said to her, be so good as to deliver the watch, and she said she would not; afterwards she told the constable he should have the watch, if he would let her have it again, and the keeper of the Gatehouse was forced to take the watch from her, for she would not give it to him.
The keeper of the Gatehouse's man produced the watch, which was sworn to by the Prosecutor.


                  Robert 
                  Tickler 
               



            . I am servant to the keeper of the Gatehouse.
Q. Where had you the watch?
Tickler. When they had got the Prisoner to the Gatehouse, the constable thought she had the watch in her stocking, and in her stocking the watch was, between her stocking and her heel: I took it from her, and gave it to the constable, and the constable gave it to her again. After the constable had given her the watch I asked her for the watch, but she would not give it me; I was forced to thumb screw her before I could get it, and I found it in a leather pocket under her petticoats.


                  William 
                  Bromley 
               



             . I am a watchman of that beat, and this man Jones charged me with the Prisoner for robbing him of the watch; so I took them both into custody; I said if he charged her they must both go with me to the constable; I surrendered my charge to the constable, and the next morning she went before a Justice.
Q. Did you see the watch ?
Bromley. I did not see it at all .


                  Jonathan 
                  Falkener 
               



            . I was beadle of the night; between the hours of twelve and one (I think it was) this woman was brought into the watch-house, charged by this chairman Jones, for robbing him of his watch; she pretended she knew nothing of the matter ; the chairman insisted that she had his watch, and the watchmen and I took her into the hold to search her, and we could not find it: the next morning she was carried before a Justice, and committed to the Gatehouse; and it was observed that there was a sort of a bump just by her ankle; and she d - d her eyes, and swore that she had it not, but if she had it, she would not deliver it, and there was a great struggle before we could get the watch, and Tickler the turnkey got it from her, and I thought he was the properest person to keep the watch: she d - d her eyes, and said she would prosecute the person that took it, and the constable being timorous, he gave her the watch again, and she refused to deliver it, but afterwards she was thumb screwed, and it was taken from her where she had put it.


                  William 
                  Perkinson 
               



            . She refused to deliver up the watch, and they were forced to thumb screw her, then she was searched, and we found the watch where we judged it to be.
Prisoner. The Prosecutor and I went into this house and had a dram; he had no money, so he gave me the watch; I went to my landlady to borrow five or six shillings upon it; she said she was short of money, and could not do it; we were upon the bed together, and he wanted the watch again; I said if he would give me five shillings he should have it again, which was the money I lent him upon the watch.
The Jury found her 


               guilty of Felony, and acquitted her of privately stealing
             the watch.




[Transportation. See summary.]


