





297. 
               
                  
                     Judith 
                     Septon 
                  



               
             , of St. Leonard Shoreditch


 , was indicted for 


               stealing thirty four pound of hair, value 18 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Archibald 
                  




                
            , May 4
.


                  Margaret 
                  Archibald 
               



            . I am a hair cloth maker
, the Prisoner was my servant
, and went from me last May was twelvemonths, and the fourth of last May she took this piece of hair out of my yard: she offered it to sale to one Mr. Coombs, and he stopt it, sent for me, and shewed me the piece of hair.
Q. How do you know it to be yours?
Archibald . I know it by the weight of it, my son worked it, he knows it.


                  Michael 
                  Evans 
               



            . I wrought this piece of hair the fourth of May; the next day between four and five in the morning I missed it out of the yard, and heard no more tale or tidings of it till Whitsun Monday, then Mr. Coombs sent for me, and we found it at his house. The Prisoner said in the Tower goal that one 
               
                  Dorothy 
                  Nimble 
               



             gave it her, and before the Justice when I asked her to confess whether any body was concerned with her in it, she said she could not accuse any body, for she was the person who took it.


                  John 
                  Jacob 
               



             . The Prisoner brought this hair to Mrs. Evans's to make sale of it.
Q. How do you know that to be the piece?
Jacob. That is the piece I had of her, I do assure you.
Q. When was it brought to your house?
Jacob. To tell you the truth I do not know - My mistress did not buy it of her, she sent me with it to Mr. Coombs's to see whether she came honestly by it; I went to Mr. Coombs's, and they stopped it directly - it weighed a quarter of an hundred and seven pounds.


                  Richard 
                  Nitchel 
               



            . The Prisoner brought this to Mrs. Stone's , and she said her husband spun it, and that she would sell it for two pence a pound. She confessed before the Justice that she and another person brought it away. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


