





382 + 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bew , otherwise 
Edwards




               
            , of St. John the Evangelist


, was indicted for 


               stealing a dimity gown, two shirts, a coat, a sustian frock, an apron, &c. to the value of 40 s. and upwards, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           White 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , July 30
.


                  John 
                  Bromley 
               



             . I happened to be passing by my own door the 30th of July, about 5 in the evening, and saw the prisoner going by with a bundle: about 200 yards from Mr. White's house a young woman came running, and said the house was robbed, and cried out, Stop thief; and the prisoner threw down this bundle, and run. These things (which the prosecutor claimed) were wrapt up in this coat.
Q. Are you sure it is the coat?
Bromley . 'Tis like it.
Mr. White's Servant. About a quarter of an hour after five I had almost cleaned my house; I heard the street door clap; I opened the door, and saw a man running along with these things, and I went and called out, Thieves. The prisoner was stopt, and he said he knew nothing of the matter; but he was seen by Mr. Bromley to drop them.
Bright Wilmott . There was a person that cried out, Stop thief, and I took the prisoner.
Q. Had the prisoner any thing in his hand?
Wilmott . No; he was running as fast as he could, and cried out Stop thief, himself.
Q. So there was no-body before him.
Wilmott . No; he was the first man himself, and I was the second after him.


                  William 
                  Westway 
               



             . I heard a cry of Stop thief, and saw the prisoner drop a bundle; but what was in it I can't tell, nor who took it up.
Prisoner. I have been at sea 14 or 15 years, and belong to the London privateer
.


                  John 
                  Goddard 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 3 years; he is a very honest man: I never heard any harm of him in my life.


                  Mary 
                  Bowen 
               



            . I was with my barrow in Deans-yard Westminster, and the prisoner had a pennyworth of cherries of me, and he left the cherries, because, he said, he had a mind to run to see what was the matter.
Q. Had he any bundle?
Bowen. No.


                  Jane 
                  Gray 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since before he was born, and he is a very honest man.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


