





135. 
               
                  
                     Gabriel 
                     Paul 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing four pounds eight ounces of Turkey raw silk, value 38 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sharrer 
                  




                
            , Jan. 19
.
Eliz. Alderson . On Monday the eighteenth of January the Prisoner called, and asked for 
               
                  William 
                  Alderson 
               



             (I have a, son of that name, who I hope is alive); said I he is at Portsmouth. He looked at the silk , and said I had very good work; I said, I supposed he was a throwster , he said no, he was a piece of a weaver
; he asked me if I would drink any beer, I said I could not drink any, and if I had any thing, I would have a dram, and we had a quartern of liquor ; then he took hold of the work again , and the next day, when I went to my work, to my great surprize, I found my work all gone; I got a warrant and took him up, and he confessed the fact before Justice Tall.
Q. Where did you find these things again ?
Alderson. They were found in the Prisoner's room .
Q. Did you find them?
Alderson. No, I was not with them, the headborough found them; the Prisoner shewed him where they were.
Q. to Alderson . Are these the bobbins that were at your house when the Prisoner was there?
Alderson. Yes .


                  John 
                  Sharrer 
               



            . I am a throwster
 . I employ about three hundred people. On the twenty-fourth of January the Prisoner was taken , and carried before Justice Tall. I was sent for, and upon examination he confessed that he had sold four ounces of it to one Mr . Kent, at St. Agnes le Clear : Kent absconded ; I searched his house, but found nothing . The headborough found out, by the Prisoner's information , where the goods were, otherwise he could not have found them. These are my bobbins, we mark all our bobbins with this mark.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


