





61. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bannister 
                  



               
             was indicted on Suspicion of 


               stealing a Parcel of Sugar
            , on the 15th of January
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Griffith 
                  Morris 
               



            .) What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Morris. I was trucking of Sugars at the Keys: There were several at Work with me at Bear-Key, and one of them a Soldier; and this Man (the Prisoner) came to see the Soldier, and fetch'd a Quartern of Gin: It was almost dark when he came the second Time: My Partner saw him go into the Warehouse where the Sugar was, but he (the Prisoner) did not perceive it. My Partner said, have an Eye to the Place, there is a Man gone into the Building. As I was going down towards it, when I was come opposite to the Door, the Prisoner came out of the Warehouse; upon that I stopp'd him. I told him, I believ'd he had something there he should not have. I catch'd hold of him, and he had about 14 lb. of Sugar, the same as in the Warehouse. Some of it was thrown down, and about a Pound I found in his Pocket, of the same Sort.
Q. Did you carry him before a Justice?
Morris. Before an Alderman.
Q. Are you satisfy'd there was no Sugar in the Cloth in the Warehouse?
Morris. None.
James - . My Lord, on the 15th of January, between four and five, the Prisoner came upon the Keys and he fetch'd a Quartern of Gin, to drink with his Acquaintance that was at work there. He return'd with the Pot and Glass out of the Yard; I believe he was gone four or five Minutes; I saw a Person go into the Warehouse, and I met the Prisoner coming out, and found 14 lb. of Sugar upon him.
Q. Did you find the Sugar upon him?
James - . It was in his Pockets, but he went up to the Warehouse and emptied his Pockets, but he still had a Pound in his Pocket.
Q. Are you sure there was no loose Sugar? Were these Sugars the same, as what you were packing up? Do you apprehend there was so much taken out of the Hogshead as that?
Morris. Yes, my Lord.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Would you ask the Evidence any Questions?
Prisoner. Did he see me take any or fling any down in the Warehouse?
Morris. There was no Sugar lying in that Place where we found the Sugar afterwards.
The Prisoner gave an Account how he came to go into the Warehouse; and being asked how he came to go in twice, he answer'd, it was for the same Purpose. Being asked how he came by that Sugar, he pretended somebody gave it him. He insisted upon his Innocency, and deny'd the Charge. But had no Witnesses nor any one to his Character. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


