





[Note: this edition of the Proceedings was misdated on the original title page. The correct dates for this meeting of the court are MAY 11, 12 and 13, 1749.]
330. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pope 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 30 yards of flanel, value 30 s. 100 yards of muslin, val. 8 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hopley 
                  




                
             and others, May the 3 d
.


                  John 
                  Hopley 
               



             . I am a hosier, and deal in most sorts of woolen goods
; this parcel of goods was directed to me, coming by the Rochester-coach, I receiv'd a letter of their coming, but the night they came to the inn I had word brought me by the porter of the inn that they were stolen.


                  Richard 
                  Stradwick 
               



            . I am the Rochester coachman, I did not come with the coach that day, but I was then at the Spread-eagle in Grace-church-street , and help'd down with the goods.


                  Mary 
                  Medcalf 
               



             . My husband is a porter and bookkeeper. On Wednesday-night the 3d of May these goods came in to Mr. Hopley and Company, Hs, by the coach, while I was stooping to read another direction, this parcel was lying part in the warehouse, and part out; I saw the prisoner at the bar take the parcel by one corner I was surpriz'd, and follow'd him, but had not power to call out for help; he drag'd it about twenty yards ; at last I cry'd out , stop thief! and some persons there seized him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to do my occasions in the yard, this parcel stood up on one end, and fell down, and she call'd out, thives directly, and they came and took hold of me.




               Guilty 39s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


