





127. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Fish 
                  



               
            , of St. Bennet Paul's Wharf


 , was indicted 


               for stealing a sheet value 18 d. two plates value 12 d. a brass saucepan value 12 d. table cloth value 12 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Verney 
                        




                      
                   , in her lodging
            , Oct. 20
.


                  Sarah 
                  Verney 
               



             . I let a ready furnished lodging to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Fish 
               



             about five months ago ; she was in trouble and went from me and stole these things.
Q. When did you miss them?
Verney . I missed them about nine or ten weeks ago; I went to her in Clerkenwel Bridewell, and she said she hoped I was not come to trouble her there: I told her, I only desired I might have my things . She said, she had given them to her sister (who is a good honest woman) to pawn them. I found some at Mr Granger's, and the saucepan at another place. I catched her in bed with my servant on Monday last, which frightened me very much.
Q. I hope it was a maid servant?
Verney . No; it was a man servant.


                  Sarah 
                  Daniel 
               



            . The Prisoner married my own brother; she brought me this sheet and two plates to pawn about ten weeks ago, and I pawned them to Mr. Granger, the sheet for a shilling, and a groat a piece the two plates. Mrs. Verney came and told me my sister had brought me a sheet and two plates which she had stole; I went and fetched the sheet and throwed it into Mrs. Verney's House; I never was in such a concern in my life.
Verney. I was abroad, and the sheet was thrown into my shop; the plates I had last night from Mr. Granger.
Daniel . This is the sheet she brought to me, there was this mark upon it then, Mrs Verney owned it.
Prisoner. Did not you pawn a sheet for the use of your brother?
Daniel. No, indeed; my brother knows nothing of it; my brother is an honest man, he is at sea, I would scorn to say a false thing for my child's sake.
Prisoner. They were pawned for the use of my husband when he broke his arm, before he went to sea. 

               Guilty
            . I return the old bawd thanks for her favour.




[Transportation. See summary.]


