






132, 133. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Foresee 
                  



                
            , of St. Mary Whitechapel



, was indicted for 


               stealing one pewter quart pot, value 18 d. seven pint pots, value 7 s. and four half pint pots, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Ellis 
                  



                
            , January 11th

. And


                     Mary 
                     Beaue 
                  



                
             , 


               for receiving the same knowing them to be stole
            .


                  Robert 
                  Ellis 
               



            . I found twelve of my pewter pots at the Prisoner Beane's house, she lives in Rose-lane, Spittlefields .


                  Ebenezer 
                  Dole 
               



            . On Wednesday morning last my house was broke open, and robbed of goods to a considerable value. I suspected some houses of ill repute that lie on the backside of my workshop, and I got a search warrant to try if I could find any of my goods: I searched the house of Mrs. Beane who is a person of a very ill character, and when I came to search her room there was a sack which was tied up at the mouth. I untied it, and in it there were several pewter pots wrapped up in rags, I suppose to prevent them from rattling; there was a chest of drawers which had pewter pots in each of the drawers, there were a dozen pots in all, there was one in a child's cradle under the things. I asked her how she came by them, and told her she did not come honestly by them, for I saw by the inscription whose property they were; then I sent to the last Witness, and he came and owned them. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Beane 
               



             said, she had them of the other Prisoner Forese, and she said she would send for her, and she said she was sure she would come; and when she came, I asked her how she came by them, and she owned that she did take the pots at several times from Mr. Ellis's, and that she did carry them to Mrs. Beane's, who was to go halves with her.


                  William 
                  Sydenham 
               



            . I was applied to by Mr. Dole to search the house of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Beane 
               



            , and found in some bags 7 or 8 pewter pots, and searching the drawers, I took out some more, and in the cradle I found a pint pot, which, in all, made 13.
Q. What did Beane say, when you asked her about them?
Sydenham. She said she could not tell how they came there; when Mrs. Beane sent for Foresee , she willingly came, and she owned that she took them away from Mr. Ellis's .


                  John 
                  Fernley 
               



            . I was sent for to come to Mrs. Beane's; when she was asked how she came by those pots, she said they were brought to her, and that she would send for the Person who brought them, and when Foresee came she owned that she did bring them one at a time, and that Beane was to go halves in them.
Q. Did Beane deny that?
Fernley. Yes, she did deny it.


                  William 
                  Grigg 
               



            . I have known Foresee almost 7 years, her mother is a midwife, I never heard an ill character of her before.
- Bates. I have known her upwards of 3 years, I never heard any body say but that she was an honest woman.
Beane. Foresee brought them to me, and desired they might be left there till she fetched them away; she said she had a friend in trouble, and hoped that I would not be against her bringing some odd things there.


                  Daniel 
                  Shaw 
               



            . I have known Beane 10 or 12 years, she has nursed three children for me, I always took her to be a very honest woman.
Beane. I had been in the house but a week before it was searched, the house had an ill name before. Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


