






380, 381. + 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Roach 
                  



                
             , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                      Bucklimes , otherwise 
Walker




               
            , of St. Leonard Shoreditch



, were indicted for 


               stealing 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Brampton 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Sept. 8
.


                  James 
                  Brampton 
               



            . On Friday night last, one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Newton 
               



             and I were at the Swan-Tavern in Shoreditch ; about eleven o'clock as we were coming home and turning up Norton Falgate


, the two young men in the bar came up to us, as I had hold of Mr. Newton's arm, and the Prisoner said to Mr. Newton that he was heavy loaden, (because I walked heavy and sluggish) and Mr. Newton said if they would go with me to the further end of Barbican (where I live) he would give them 3 d. or 6 d. which they seemed willing to accept of: with that Roach took hold of my right arm, and Mr. Newton of my left arm, and the other Prisoner walked behind. We walked along Hog-Lane till we came to the Baker and Basket , and then I felt Roach's hand in my breeches pocket; finding his hand in my pocket, I called out to Mr. Newton and told him I was robbed: with that he turned from my left side to Roach and collared him, and then they skuffled together in the road - I lost 8 s. - I had in that pocket 23 or 24 s. and in my left hand pocket I had 3 guineas - I did not know what I had lost till I came home. Mr. Newton secured Roach that night, and the next morning he told me he had taken the other; the Constable shewed me a paper which was taken from Roach, which was a bill of parcels I had taken that night in Shoreditch of 30 l. odd money.
Jury. Was the bill of parcels in that pocket the money was in?
Brampton. I can't tell which pocket it was in; whether it was my waistcoat or breeches pocket. - I had 13 s. when I came home - A watchman and Mr. Newton went home along with me. - I am sure I lost 8 s. and some halfpence.
Jury. You say the Prisoner said to Newton you are heavy loaden, was you in liquor?
Brampton. I was in liquor.


                  Thomas 
                  Newton 
               



            . I was along with Mr. Brampton at the Swan Tavern, with a person he paid twenty six guineas to: Mr. Brampton was very much in liquor and wanted a coach. I said, if they would give me a broomstick I would see him home; these two lads were at the end of Hog-Lane, and I had a full sight of them. They said, master, you are very heavy loaden ; and, as Mr. Brampton says, they agreed to go with us, and Roach took hold of his right arm: we went together as far as the Baker and Basket in Hog-Lane; then Brampton said, hollo, Newton! the fellow has got his hand in my pocket, and said that his pocket was picked. I had got the broomstick in my hand, and I said I would knock his brains out if he offered to move, and then the money fell down - I don't know how much: then he pretty artfully catched hold of me and threw me over the rails into the road, but we both tumbled over together. Bucklimes was looking for the money: I still held Roach by the collar, and Bucklimes seeing I had managed him, held this stick up and said, G - d - your eyes , if you don't let him go, I'll knock your brains out; when I had him down I cried out murder, and in some little time the watch came.
Q. Did you find any of the money?
Newton. I'll tell you, Sir; I found one shilling that night, and there were three shillings found afterwards - The money was found in the place where Brampton lay down, for he was very drunk.
Jury. Did you hear the money chink after Brampton told you his pocket was picked?
Newton. Yes, and the money dropped out of Roach's hand; there was some money found in the tenter ground, and some in King Street. Roach was carried to the watch-house, and that money was delivered to me at the watch-house, and one shilling was found in his shoes: then I went home with Mr. Brampton and examined his pockets; the next morning Roach was examined before a Justice of the peace, and there he said I had robbed him of 3 s. 6 d.
Roach. What was the first place I met you at?
Newton. It was at the end of Hog-Lane.
- Bricknell (Constable). This note was taken out of Roach's hand in the watch-house, and there was a shilling found upon the ground near him - The watchmen were searching him when this paper was taken out of his hand.
Jury. When did Mr. Brampton fall down?
Brampton. Not till after my pocket was picked.


                  Nicholas 
                  Purdue 
               



            . I have known Roach about five years, he draws draught work for the Weavers; I never knew an ill thing of him in my life: the other Prisoner (Walker) left work but half an hour before the robbery was committed; and as to Mr. Brampton , he said he was so drunk that he could not tell who picked his pocket, and could not swear to the person.


                  Samuel 
                  Stogden 
               



             . I am a Weaver - Roach has worked for me, and I never heard any ill of him. Bucklimes has worked for me two years, and I believe him to be an honest fellow.


                  Thomas 
                  Moulton 
               



            . I have known Roach three or four years, we have worked together a good while: I heard Bucklimes at work at nine o'clock last Friday night, he lived next door to me.


                  William 
                  Staples 
               



            . I have known Roach three or four years, and for what I know he has a very good character - I never heard to the contrary. Roach 


               Guilty 10 d.
             Bucklimes 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


