





16. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , of St. Margaret Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden box, value 6d. fifty-nine yards of lace, value 4 l. three gold rings, value 20 s. half a pound of green tea, value 4 s. a quarter of a pound of bohea tea, value 2 s. and a handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Richardson 
                  




                
            , Oct. 27
.


                  Margaret 
                  Richardson 
               



            . I lost a box of lace, &c. it was lost from Kensington Gate


. I had been at Kensington, and it raining very hard, I left them at Mr. Lewis's. The Prisoner was found on Turnham Green, and three pieces of the lace, the box, and handkerchief, were taken from under her petticoat; but she said she found them.


                  James 
                  Scot 
               



            . Mrs. Richardson left these goods at Mr. Lewis's, till I had an opportunity of bringing them to town. I took the box from Mr. Lewis's, put it upon a wooden horse that I carry my lamps upon, and it was lost from thence - I am a lamplighter. The goods were advertised with two guineas reward. I went in search after the Prisoner, and found her near the Packhorse on Turnham Green, and the lace upon her. I said, I take you in the King's name, on suspicion of theft; for I had no warrant. She said, she would go with me with all her heart.
Prisoner. I offered the lace publickly to sale at Kensington.
Q. Do you know any thing of her showing the things publickly?
Scot. I heard she was selling them about the Town of Kensington.


                  Mary 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner setting on the pole of the horse. I saw her some time after with a box of lace in a handkerchief. I saw her afterwards at Chelsea, and she had got a basket full of goods, and a shift, an apron, and other things. I said, she had had good luck. She said, when the King went out of Kensington, she had a gift given her. I said, she had better luck than I; for the King did not give me any - she sells pins and thread. As she opened her basket, I saw three pieces of headlace in it.


                  John 
                  Lewis 
               



            . Scot had the things from my house, and put the handkerchief and box upon the horse. I tipped 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thomas 
               



             the wink, and said, don't you want any thing of this woman? she looked and saw the lace in the basket. When she was taken up, she said she found them under the Park-Wall. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


