





8. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Friend 
                  



               
            , of St. James's Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver Dish, val. 5 l. the Goods of the Rt. Hon. 
                        
                           
                              Benjamin Earl 
                              Fitzwalter 
                           





, in his dwelling House
            , Dec. 26
.


                  Henry 
                  Longmore 
               



            . We lost a silver Dish from my Lord Fitzwalter's in Pall-Mall


, and we had some suspicion that the Prisoner had taken it away: upon which Mr. Jervis and I went down to Gravesend in pursuit of him; and we found him on Board a Ship there, and brought the Dish away with us. This was on the Friday, and on the Monday following I went again to Gravesend , and apprehended the Prisoner.


                  Morris 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I am Cook to my Lord Fitzwalter; on the 26th, of Dec. the Prisoner came to my Lord's House to see a Relation of his who was employ'd to Work there, and on the Monday following we miss'd the Dish. We had very great Reason to suspect that he had taken it; upon which Mr. Longmore and Mr. Jervis went to Gravesend after him, and when the Prisoner was brought to my Lord's House, I ask'd him how he could do such Things? he reply'd, he was very sorry, and wish'd the Dish had been in the House an hundred Times after he had taken it out. He likewise own'd that he himself scrap'd the Coat of Arms out of the Dish, but denied that he cut it into Pieces.
Pris. I did not take the Arms out of the Dish, nor cut it to Pieces; one of my Shipmates did.


                  John 
                  Jervis 
               



            . On the first of this Month, at the Desire of my Lord Fitzwalter, I went down to Gravesend with Mr. Longmore, in Pursuit of the Prisoner. It seems he had told somebody that he belonged to the Defence, Capt. Coates, upon which we examined there, and could not find him; but we were directed to go on board the Augustus , Capt. Townshend Accordingly I went on Board the Augustus , and told the Mate that I came to enquire for a Silver Dish that had been lost, therefore desir'd to have the Prisoner's Chest upon the Quarter-deck, that I might search for it; but instead of that, the Mate brought up the Dish, cut into four Pieces as it is here.
Q. Had you any Conversation with the Prisoner ?
Jervis. On the Quarter-deck I asked him, how he could rob my Lord, where his Aunt lived, and he said, his Aunt at Knightsbridge gave him the Dish, and as I was going over the Gangway, I told him, if he could prove it was not my Lord's Dish, he should have it again. I never had any Discourse with him afterwards, but left him on board the Ship , and the Butler and I brought the Dish to London .
Wm Saunders . I was sent down to Gravesend with my Lord Fitzwalter's Butler to fetch the Prisoner. He was brought ashore to us , and we put him into Gravesend Goal , and as we were putting on his Hand-cuffs, he cried, and wished the Dish was as safe in the House, as it was when he took it out


                  Ann 
                  Morgan 
               



            . One of the Silver Dishes stood upon the Dresser in my Lord's House the same Night this was done, which was the 26th of December. The Prisoner took it by the Edge, gave it a little Turn, and said, the Pewter look'd very well, but I did not see him take it away.
Prisoner. I did not take the Dish off the Dresser; I was coming up Stairs, and seeing it lye down, I happened to take it up.




               Guilty Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


