






130, 131. 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Bolton 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Smith 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing 3 worsted Stockings, val. 3 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Steel 
                  




                
            , December 12
.
Mary Steel. On the 12th of December, the 2 Prisoners came into my Shop, under Pretence of buying some Stockings. - I keep a Shop
, in Great-Earl-Street


, by the 7 Dials. - I asked them what Price they'd please to go to? They said they could not tell. At last they would go to half a Crown if they liked them. I reached down a Bundle, but they did not fancy the Colour; they must be lighter, and I must shew them some of 2 s. 3 d. While I turned my Head to look for another Bundle, they whipped 2 Stockings out of the Paper, and one off the Line in the Window. The odd Stocking I missed directly, and desired it might be found. O (they said), I should find it by and bye, and bid me look behind the Counter; but upon my making Words with them, 
               
                  Ellen 
                  Bolton 
               



             threw the odd Stocking over Smith's Shoulder upon the Counter. I told them I missed another Pair, and I called a Woman ( Mrs. Pritchard) into the Shop, and ran round the Counter myself. While I was coming round, they (some how or other) dropped the Stockings upon the Ground, I desired them to pay for them, (for they were trod all to Dirt, under Smith's Feet) but they abused me very handsomely. I had searched where they both had stood, twice, before the Stockings were found, and they were not then upon the Ground.
Bolton. Did you take any Thing from me?
Mrs Steel. She threw the odd Stocking to me, upon the Counter, over Smith's Shoulder.
Bolton. I catched a Stocking as it dropped to the Ground, and gave it her directly.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Pritchard 
               



            . I happened to be washing, that Day, at Mrs Steel's, and she called me into the Shop, to reach her down a Parcel of Stockings to shew the Prisoners. At the same Time she came round the Counter herself, and picked up the Stockings under Smith's Feet. When they were carried before the Justice, they were search'd, and there was but 6 Pence found in both their Pockets. Each of them had some Half-pence, which made up but 6 d. in all.



                  Joseph 
                  Sutton 
               



            . I was called to take charge of the Prisoners, and I carry'd them before a Justice; but I was not present when they were examined.
Bolton. I went into this Gentlewoman's Shop, to buy a Pair of Stockings; I had 16 Pence in my Pocket, and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Smith 
               



            , had 6 Pence in her's. I wanted a Pair of the same Colour, that Smith had upon her Legs, and we thought the Stockings upon the Line, was pretty like what we wanted; but as one of them was missing, I said perhaps 'tis tumbled off the Counter, and I stooped down and took it up and gave it the Gentlewoman. I looked about for the others which were missing as well as she, but she came round the Counter and found some under Smith's Feet. Upon this she asked Smith to pay for them; she refused, and then the Gentlewoman struck her, and Smith struck her again, and so the Constable was called.
Smith. The Constable saw we did not offer to take any Thing out of the Shop, nor use the Gentlewoman with any Ill manners. As to their saying, we had no Money, we paid some Money when we were sent to the Gatehouse, and there's the Beadle, (Mr. Penny) who found us drinking there, which we could not have done if we had had no Money.


                  John 
                  Penny 
               



            . I know of no Expence they were at, at the Gatehouse, not I. - They insisted upon it, before Colonel De Veil, that they had Money to pay for the Stockings they wanted, when they were in the Shop. Upon this Mr De Veil ordered me to search them, and I found no more than 6 Penny-worth of Half-pence between them both. They did not then say they had spent any Money; I fetched them from the Roundhouse, and don't know of their having been put to any Expence at all. There was nothing spent in my Sight. Both 


               Guilty 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


