






136, 137. 
               
                  Honor 
                  Barrow 
               



              and 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Rowland 
                  



                
            , of Christ Church, London



, were indicted for 


               stealing a Gloucestershire Cheese, weighing 15 lb. val. 4 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lane 
               




            , January 19
.
Joseph Lane. On the 19th of January, I lost a Cheese, this Cheese is mine; both the Prisoners confessed the Fact.
A Girl. I am 14 Years of Age: Between 7 and 8 o'Clock, on the 19th of January, I went into Mr Lane's Shop to buy a Pound of Cheese for my Mother; these 2 Women came in, and said, they wanted some Bacon, the Person in the Shop, said they did not sell Bacon, but they shewed them some Ham, which they could not agree for; one of the Prisoners said, they might as well buy a Pound of Cheese there, as any where, and went to look at the Bits. 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Rowland 
               



            , the tallest, took the Cheese out of the Shop, and they both went away : I told the People of the Shop they had stole a Cheese, and they run after them.
- I am Porter to Mr Lane: I was just come back from delivering a Burthen; says this Girl, One of the Women who were in the Shop, has stole a Cheese; I threw down my Basket, and asked which Way they were gone; and followed them, the tallest had nothing upon her. I found it in the Apron of the shortest, and said, Oh! you brazenfac'd Hussies, how could you come into a Shop under the pretence of buying, and steal a Cheese? The shortest one said, she did not take it, but the other Woman took it; I found them in Bull-head Court.
Rowland. I went into the Court, for something I wanted to do, I never was in any Crime in my Life before: Ask my Fellow-Prisoner, whether I ever saw her in my Life before that Time. 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


