





99. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Pagram 
                  



               
              was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Watch
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hayward 
                  




                
            .


                  Q. 
               


            (to Hayward ) What say you to the Prisoner at the Bar?
Hayward . I was last Friday Evening at Mr. - 's in the Little-Minories ; he ask'd me to sit down by the Fire ; and there Sir, I fell asleep, and when I awak'd, I felt in my Pocket and miss'd my Silver Watch.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Would you ask this Witness any Questions ?
Prisoner . Sir, there was a young Woman in the Room at the same Time.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Page 
               



            ) What have you say ?
Page. About Seven o'Clock in the Evening, the Prisoner at the Bar brought this Watch to my House , in order to borrow a Guinea and a half. I ask'd her where she liv'd. She said, near where I liv'd. I ask'd her whose Watch it was. She said, her Husband's, and that he was ill, and that she pawn'd it out of Necessary, for her Husband. Then, Sir, she said, I let you know, the Watch is not mine, but a Woman's whose Husband is ill.
Q. Were you present when the Prisoner at the Bar confess'd this?
Page. Yes, When I had her before Justice Toll, she confess'd she had stole the Watch.


                  Q. 
               


            ( to 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Wilson 
               



             ) What do you say to this Matter?
Wilson. I will swear this was the Watch ; the Prosecutor bought and lost the Watch on the very same Day.
Q. Are you the Maker of the Watch?
Wilson. No, please your Honour, but I sold it to him.
Court. Well Prisoner, you hear what he has said against you; now 'tis your Time to make your Defence.
Prisoner. Please you my Lord, there was a young Woman in the Room. She is witness to it as well as myself, that she gave me this Watch to carry to pawn, when I had Time: I had not been us'd to such a Things: I troubled all the Way I went.
Q. Was this young Woman in the Room all the while? Did she give you the Watch?
Prisoner. Yes.
Q. Do you call any Body to your Character?
Prisoner. There is a couple in the Yard.


                  Q. 
               


            ( to Hayward ) She says there was another Person in the Room at the same Time.
Hayward. Yes, there was a young Woman sat by fast asleep.
Q. Were you thoroughly sober?
Hayward. I cant say that I was.



               Guilty of Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


