





[Note: this edition of the Proceedings was misdated on the original title page. The correct dates for this meeting of the court are MAY 11, 12 and 13, 1749.]
343. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bavin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint-mug, value 50 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Warwicker 
               




             , April 17
.


                  Joseph 
                  Warwicker 
               



             . I live at the sign of the Nag's-head in Carnaby-market


. I lost a silver pint-mug out of my house the 27th of April, the day the fire-works were exhibited in the Green Park, between twelve and four o'clock. I will not swear the prisoner is the man that I serv'd with threepenny worth of bumbo in it, about that time of the day, but to the best of my knowledge , it was somewhat like him. That person had a green cap on.


                  John 
                  Lyon 
               



            . I am a constable. I had a warrant against the prisoner at the bar, for a silver tankard lost out of the Sun and Bull in Oxford-road: we search'd his lodgings in Winamill-street and found a loaded pistol and a green cap , as the prosecutor before mentioned. We went to several houses in Covent-garden and Broad St. Giles's; when we came near his lodgings we saw him. Mr. West said he was the man he wanted . The prisoner walked a great pace; we followed him pretty close, he went into Marybone fields , and I call'd to him, saying, I wanted to speak with him, and desir'd he would not hurry so fast: we still kept going on; instead of keeping the road, he got over a stile and turn'd on the left hand, and threw something from him: there was at that time some low pales between us , but I saw it rise above the pales, and it appeared as it was up much like a silver-mug. I then ran and got over the stile, he stood still by a pond, and I took hold of him, and saw the circles in the water made by the thing he toss'd in: said I, you are my prisoner; and Mr. West, here is your tankard: I believe I order'd a boy to go into the water for it and gave him sixpence: I flung a stone to direct the boy to the place, the motion was on the water, and within a yard of where the stone fell the boy took out this pint-mug. I will not swear this is what the prisoner flung in; but I have no reason to think the contrary: here is the weight on the bottom, and letters which the prosecutor described before he saw it.
Mr. West. Depos'd to the same effect, being along with Mr. Lyon ; but being behind him, saw only bubles in the water: he also advertis'd it, and it was own'd by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence. I never was at Mr. Warwicker's house, nor do I know where it is. I was in the Green Park that day from twelve at noon 'till the next morning, but I have no witnesses.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


