





355. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hunt 
                  



               
            , of St James Clerkenwell


, was indicted for 


               stealing half a thousand of ten-penny Nails, val. 2 s. twenty Pound Weight of old Iron, val. 2 s. 6 d. and a quarter of a thousand of Brads, val. 4d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Grove 
                  




                
            , Feb. 25
.


                  Thomas 
                  Grove 
               



            . The Prisoner is a Porter
; I had often missed Things, and charged my Servant with them; she said, if I would forgive her, she would tell me what became of the Things; she said, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hunt 
               



            , and his Wife, and 
               
                  John 
                  Simms 
               



             had them, and that after she had given them some Trifles at first, they threatened to transport her if she did not go farther.


                  Susannah 
                  Fincham 
               



            . The Prisoner had these Things of me, off my Master's Counter, at different Times; he bid me take the Nails down off the Shelves and lay them upon the Counter, and he would take them away; and used to threaten me, if I would not let him have more Things he would transport me.
Prisoner to Mr Grove. What she says I know nothing of; did not I buy a Pair of Bellows of you, and you told me you would satisfy me for my Trouble?
Grove. Yes, you did, and I gave you a Shilling.


                  Mary 
                  Calliot 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner a great many Years; I have trusted him in my Shop, and he never wronged me of a Pin; he is a very honest Man.
Grove. She is his Mother-in-Law.
Q. Are you any Relation to the Prisoner?
Calliot. None at all.
Q. Are you not his Mother-in-Law?
Calliot. He married my Daughter - he is no Relation of mine, but only by Adoption.


                  Thomas 
                  Timmins 
               



            . He deals in old Iron; he used to buy Bushel-Iron of my Father; I never heard any Harm of him. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


