





49. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Ford 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hubbard 
                     



                  , about 4 in the afternoon, no person being therein, and stealing a stuff quilted petticoat, a canvas hoop petticoat, a linen handkerchief, and other things the goods of the said 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hubbard 
                        




: August 20
.


                  Thomas 
                  Hubbard 
               



            . I live at Kilburn


 in the parish of Hampstead. On the 20th of August about 4 in the morning, I went out, and lock'd the doors, and left no soul in the house. I return'd, between 3 and four, and found my house broke open; the wall was pull'd down, a pane of glass taken out, and all my goods ransackled, but none of them taken away.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hubbard 
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I had been out a nursing, and came home on thursday the 20th of this month at 4 o'clock in the morning. I found my house broke open, and the Prisoner in the house. Part of my cloaths the Prisoner had on her back, and the rest were pack'd up ready to be carried off. I charged her with taking them, and she made me no answer, but undrest herself and gave me my things again.
- Witner. I was at work near the Prosecutor's house, and seeing the wall broke, I sent for the key of the door and went into the house, and saw the prisoner there and these things upon her. I ask'd her how long she had been a house-breaker, and she look'd very hard at me, and said nothing; then these people came in, and this woman saw her cloaths on the Prisoner's back. She had made a great bundle of things, but had tied nothing up.
Prisoner. I was going along the road and met a young woman who desir'd me to go with her to her aunt's. Accordingly she took me to this house, and put me in, and desired me not to be frighted. We went into one of the rooms, and she told me these cloaths belonged to her, so I drest myself in them, and then she went away and these people came and took me.


                  Henry 
                  Webb 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner a considerable time, for two or three months, during which time I have 'trusted her in my room and she never wrong'd me.


                  James 
                  Hamilton 
               



            . I have known her 4 or 5 months, and never heard but that she bore an honest character. She has found money of mine several times, and has honestly return'd it to me.


                  William 
                  Vaughan 
               



            . I have known her between 3 and 4 months, and never found her dishonest. Once in particular, I dropp'd half a guinea in my room and she brought it to me before I knew that I had lost it. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


