





255. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Cole 
               



            , of St Mary Islington


 , was indicted for 


               stealing two Lambs, price 5 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Sleith 
                  




                
            , April 2
.


                  George 
                  Sleith 
               



             . I live at East Barnet


 . I had two small Lambs stole out of the Church-Yard, the 2 d of April, about eleven or twelve o'Clock at Noon, and did not hear any Thing of them for a Week ; when I was informed that the Evidence, Howel , and the Prisoner, were seen with two Lambs at Holloway, I pursued them, and found Howel and Cole in Morefields ; they were very remarkable Lambs, and about a Fortnight old.


                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            . I live at Holloway ; one Saturday the Prisoner and Howel were at my House, and they had got two Lambs, one was alive and the other dead. I asked where they had them, and Howel said at East-Barnet ; they were about a Fortnight old. There came in two Butchers, and asked Howel what he had got in his Apron, he said two Lambs, and said he to Cole , Where had you these two Lambs? and he said he bought them at Hitchin .


                  Francis 
                  Howel 
               



            . The Prisoner desired me to go with him to Mr Sleith's House at East-Barnet , said that Mr Sleith's owed him 38 s. and that he would come home the next Day; when he was coming home, he said that he would have something for his Sunday's Dinner; and coming through a Church-Yard, the Prisoner saw two young Lambs, and took them up, and desired I would take them from him, which I refused, and he said he would stick his Knife into me if I did not; so I was obliged to do it. 


               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


