





336. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Web 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 15 the Money
             of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Gilpin 
                  




                
            , the 18th of August
.
Q. (to Gilpin) What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Gilpin. The Prisoner at the Bar was my Servant
, in the Capacity of a Porter.
Q. When was it he liv'd with you?
Gilpin. 'Till the 18th of August.
Q. What is your Business?
Gilpin. A Grocer. I miss'd Money out of my Till several Times; and one Week I put in every Night a Guinea in Silver before I went up Stairs; the first Night he took 3 s. 6 d. the next Night nothing, the Night after that 4 s . 6 d. I told one of my Journeymen that I had several Times miss'd Money out of my Till, and that I would mark some of it; accordingly I mark'd Half a Crown and 13 Shillings and Six-pence, and bid my Man go into the Compting-House to watch in the Dark, which he did: In about five Minutes Time he rung the Bell, and told me the Porter had taken 5 s. in Silver and 10 s. in Half-pence: The Porter was there and the Journeyman : I said to him, John, what Money have you got in your Pocket ? He said he had none of mine. There were 5 s. in Silver and 10 s. in Half-pence. The next Day I had him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Barnard 
               



            . I forgot to take the Half-pence from him; he said, indeed, he did not take them from me; I think he had then six or seven Shillings worth about him. [The 5 s. mark'd were produced in Court. ]


                  Q. 
               


            (to - Jones.) What do you know of this Affair?

Jones. About the 18th of August, between Nine and Ten o'clock in the Evening, I was in my Master's Compting-House; the Prisoner was in the Cellar, from whence he came and went to the Compter, where he took out a little Drawer with some Silver in it. I was on the opposite Side; but did not come out presently. I saw him take the Drawer and hold it up to the Candle.
Q. How could you see what he took out .
Jones . My Lord, I saw him take the Drawer and hold it up to the Candle, and after he had taken the Money out of the Till he fit the Candle upon the Desk, knelt down and took a Paper of Half-pence, which he held up to the Candle. We generally mark what we put in, sometimes 5 s. worth and sometimes 10 s .
Q. After you had seen this Fact what did you do?
Jones. He took the Candle , my Lord, and went down to the Cellar again; then I came out of the Compting-House and rung the Bell for my Master, to let him know what had happen'd ; then my Master came down and charg'd him with the Money.
Q. What did your Master say to him?
Jones. My Master told him he had miss'd Money several Times, but now he had found him out. The Prisoner said he had no Money but what was his own, and pull'd out the five Shillings that were produced in Court.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Mr. Gilpin.) Was you before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Barnard 
               



            .
Gilpin. Yes, he was examin'd before Sir John, and two or three Hands-full of Half-pence were found about him.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) What have you to say for yourself?
Prisoner. I shall leave it to the Mercy of the Court, my Lord.



               Guilty
            



               Transportation
            .
