





102. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Pollard 
                  



               
            , late of St. Botolph's, without Aldgate


 was indicted for 


               stealing one man's cloth coat, val. 21 s. one sattin waistcoat, val. 42 s. one velvet breeches, 15 s. one woman's cotton gown, 8 s. two linen shifts, 4 s. and several other things
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Fitzsimonds 
                  




                
            , Oct. 24
.


                  Henry 
                  Fitzsimonds 
               



            . I lost these goods mentioned in the indictment, the prisoner was my quarterly servant
, she and my goods were missing together, I found her this day six weeks in the city, and took and brought her to an ale-house telling her I had been looking for her a great while; she immediately own'd taking the goods, and carry'd me to a pawn-broker's where she had pawn'd them; he examined her pretty strictly, I went pretending in order to buy them; he brought them down, and I demanded them as my goods, telling him I would make an exchange. he might have the woman and I would have the goods; but he refus'd delivering them unless I paid the money he lent on them, and she was prosecuted.
Q. Did he say that was the woman who brought the goods there?
Fitzsimonds. Yes, my lord, and she did not deny it; I got a search-warrant and the goods were lodg'd in the officer's hands, and they are here in court.


                  Samuel 
                  Trimmer 
               



            . The 24th of Oct. the prisoner came to my house and wanted to pledge this coat, waistcoat and breeches, telling me her husband was lieutenant of a man of war, and she wanted to dress herself as such officers wives usaally do; I told her I did not think to take in any such things without she could be recommended by some house-keeper, she being a stranger: she went out, and in about half an hour's time she returned with a little boy; his parents are very honest people, and he told me his mother knows the woman, and believes you may take in the things very safely, and on that account I lent her 45 shillings on them.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner afterwards?
Trimmer. No, my lord, until she and the prosecutor came together.


                  Margaret 
                  Fitzsimonds 
               



            . On the 24th of Oct. I was just come home, the prisoner had been out for some water, and she made me believe a gentlewoman of my acquaintance desired to see me at her own house that afternoon: I went to the gentlewoman's house and found it to be false, I return'd immediately in about 10 or 12 minutes, and found my back door open and my child in the street, and all these things were gone.
Q. What business is your husband of?
M. Fitzsimonds. He is a taylor and salesman both; she own'd taking the goods before me, and said the devil was in her when she did it; this was before they went to the pawnbroker.



                  Samuel 
                  Nasbit 
               



            . When Mr. Fitzsimonds met with the prisoner accidentally he sent for me; she immediately own'd taking the goods, and said she had pawn'd them with Mr. Samuel Trimmer in Hounsditch: said I, do not you think you have done very ill in serving these people thus? she said all they could do, was to transport her, then she would be in her own country. She says she was born in South-Carolina.
Prisoner. Mr. Fitzsimonds told me he ow'd money at the other end of the town, and he desir'd me to go and pawn these things unknown to his wife, and coming back I happened to lose some of the money.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


