






383, 384. + 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Pugh , otherwise 
Parding




             , and 
               
                  Carolina 
                  Banham , otherwise 
Greenwood




            , of St. Sepulchre's



, were indicted for 


               stealing a gold necklace, value 19 s. a coral, value 4 s. four pair of sleeve-buttons, 3 s. a pair of shoe-buckles, 3 s. a pair of buttons, 5 s. 3 silver tea-spoons, 5 s. and 38 s. in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Moore 
                        




                      
                  , in her dwelling-house
            , August 17
.
Eliz. Moore . I sell Fruit
. Five weeks ago last Tuesday, I was going out with my cherries, and left my 2 children at home. My biggest girl came to me and said, Mother, 
               
                  Betty 
                  Pugh 
               



             and 
               
                  Carolina 
                  Banham 
               



             have been with us. I went home and missed the things. I went immediately after them, and found them at the Castle in King-Street by Guild-hall. They had drank 3 pints of beer, and had had a pennyworth of bread and a pennyworth of cheese, and had no money to pay the man. As soon as I saw them, I charged them with robbing me. Pugh said, What do you mean by that, Mrs. Moore? there's no body here has robbed you: and Banham said, It is a lie, for we have robbed her. The next day I had them before a Justice, and then both of them owned that they had bought each of them a gown out of the golden guinea they had robbed me of, (they have the gowns upon their backs now) and each of them an apron, a shift, and a silk handkerchief; the handkerchiefs cost half a crown apiece - There was a guinea and a half in gold, 7 s. in silver, and 2 d. - I found 2 spoons at Mr. Tyson's, facing St. George's church in Southwark , by their direction. They owned they had sold my coral to Mr. Peters in the borough; (Banham told the Justice, that Mrs. Peters melted it down as soon as she had it) and that they had sold the buttons at Mr. Bennet's at the bridge-foot.
Eliz. Stafford. I live with Mr. Tyson , facing St. George's church in Southwark. I remember both the prisoners (especially Pugh) coming with two tea-spoons, and delivering them into my hand, and she asked 3 s. upon them, but we would not lead more than half a crown. Pugh 


               guilty 39 s.
             Banham 


               guilty 39 s
             .





[Transportation. See summary.]


