





424. + 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Copestakes 
               



            , of the Precinct of St Catherine's


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Watch with a Silver Case, called a Box, val. 3 l. an Handkerchief, and 4 s. in Money, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Bartholomew 
                           Menitray 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his Person
            .
Barth. Menitray. On Saturday, the 9th of July in the Evening, on Tower-Hill I met the Prisoner and another Woman; the Prisoner wanted me to come into a House; I went into a House with them both, and then the Prisoner asked me if I would not have a Quartern of Gin: The Gin was brought and I drank a Dram of it, and it had such an Effect upon me, that I fell fast asleep, and slept from seven to ten. - I had not been drinking to signify any thing, I was as sober as ever I was. After I awoke I knocked for some body, in order to go away, and saw only an old Woman with a Pipe of Tobacco in her Mouth, who asked me, if I would not go away; I said I was willing to go, but feeling in my Pocket, and missing my Watch, I said I was not willing to go, for I had the Watch when I went into the House; after I had asked for my Things, in comes a Soldier with his Hanger, in order to thrust me out, and gave me several Blows; I was going to call the Watch, and the Soldier said, What do you want to ravish my Wife? You Dog, get out, I have a good mind to murder you; and though I was in that found Sleep, I was almost positive it was the Prisoner that took the Watch out of my Pocket. I am positive to her Person that she was with me.


                  Thomas 
                  Thorne 
               



            . The next Day I was going into the Borough, and met 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Copestakes 
               



            , she told me, that last Night she had napped a Watch, Money and Goods; it was at Fleet Ditch that she told me this; we met the Prosecutor, says he to the Prisoner, you have got my Watch, Money and Goods; she said she had not, but the Tuesday following he took her up with a Warrant; she said the Watch was sold for 30 s. and that she had 10 s. of the Money, but did not know any thing of the rest of the Things.
Prisoner. He has given this Soldier a Guinea to forswear himself, for he said he would not do any thing without a Reward. When the Prosecutor told me I had his Watch, I said if I had his Watch he might take me up. I never went from the Ditch Side; he went to several Justices, and they would not trouble themselves with it. 


               Guilty of the Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


