





44. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Lavan 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 20 Guineas
            , the Money of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hambleton 
                  




                
            , Esq
; Dec. 24


Mr. Hambleton. Within these 2 Months I have several Times missed Money out of my Pockets while I have been abed, and never could detect the Person that robb'd me, and therefore I was resolv'd to be patient till I could fix on somebody. I generally missed 2 Guineas every other Morning, therefore used to keep myself awake as long as I possibly could , not knowing at what Hour he might come in. On Thursday Morning the 24th of last Month, the Prisoner came into my Room: He came to the Bed Side to listen whether I was a sleep, and I breath'd hard as if I had been asleep He then went from the Bed Side, upon which I raised myself up, and look'd through the Curtain, and I saw him take my Breeches off the Window, and go off with them into an opposite Chamber. I immediately got out of Bed, and look'd at him, and I saw my Breeches on the Chest. He had taken my Purse out of my Pocket, and I saw him take something out of the Purse and put into his own Pocket, and then he put the Purse into the Breeches in order I suppose to return them into my Chamber . I imagined that he had taken some Money, and I thought it was then a proper Time to go out and seize him, accordingly I went in upon him, and took him by the Collar. He was very much surprized , and while the Servants were in the Room, he denied that he knew any Thing of the Matter; but when they were withdrawn, he fell on his Knees and begg'd that I would not take away his Life. The Night before this I counted my Money when I went to Bed, and put 10 Guineas in my Purse, and when I examined it next Morning, there were but 8 remaining. When I went before Mr. Deveil, I desired to have a Search Warrant, and I sent for the Prisoner's Box. He then fell on his Knees and said he had taken but 10 Guineas, but I think we found in the Box 18 Guineas and some Silver, and 3 Guineas he had in his Pocket, all which he said was mine, and desired it might be given to me.
John Brown. I have known the Prisoner about 3 Quarters of a Year, and never heard any Thing against his Character before .


                  Henry 
                  Trotter 
               



            . I have known him upwards of 3 Years: He lived with Mr. Drummond at Charing Cross , and then I believe he behaved well.


                  Michael 
                  Laban 
               



            . I am his Brother, and have known him from his Infancy , and never heard but that he had an honest Character. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


