






426. + 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Weller 
                  



               
             , of St James's Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk Handkerchief, value 1 s. a Silk Purse , val. 1 d. a Bag, val. 1 d. 11 Moidores, value 14 l. 17 s. 32 Portugal-pieces, value 57 l. 12 s. 4 ditto , value 14 l. 8 s. 159 Guineas, and 16 Half-Guineas , the Property of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Grubb 
                     




                    . And 8 Holland Shirts , val. 3 l. the Goods of Persons unknown , in the Dwelling-house of Henry Grubb
            . July 28
.
Mr. Grubb . I live in St James's-street


, and am a Pawnbroker
. On Saturday the 26th of July, Mrs Grubb and I told out 205 Guineas, not all in Guineas; but in Guineas and Portugal Pieces, to that Value. I put the Money in a Bag, and then lock'd it up in my Bureau, in the Parlour, behind my Shop. In the Evening I had a pretty deal of Money in my Pocket, so I put 60 L . all in Gold, out of my Pocket into the Bag. On Sunday Morning I went out of Town, and came home on Sunday Evening. The Prisoner, who was my Servant, went out of Town with us, and came home with us. On Sunday Evening I felt the Cabinet, and found it fast and secure, so I did not open it. Next Morning between 7 and 8, my Daughter came to me, before I was up, and told me the Cabinet was broke open. I immediately got up, and found my Bag, and Purse, and all my Money gone, and the Cabinet broke open. It was not unlock'd, for it was a very good Lock, and there was a Plate above it, and below it, to secure it; but it was wrench'd open; the Plates were flown, and the Lock was shot, so that it could not be shut close. All the Money mentioned in the Indictment, was in the Bag and Purse; but I can't recollect what particular Pieces were in the Bag, and what, in the Purse. Upon missing the Money, I called all my Servants about me; and the Prisoner told me, he found the Area Doors under the Kitchen open, when he got up, and he believed the Thieves came in that Way. But I looked at the Doors, and there was no Violence had been used to them, and they were strong and substantial; so I said, possibly they might go out that Way; but which Way did they come in? He said he could not tell, - he was very innocent. I suspected the Prisoner, because all the rest of my Servant
s are employed in Trade; and are entrusted with great Sums of Money every Day, and if any of them had had a Mind to have deceived me, they could have done it other Ways. So I sent for a Constable, who desired he might search the Hayloft and Stables, (for the Prisoner served me as a Footman), and in searching, he had the good Success to find all the Money, and I had it all again. When the Money was found, we tax'd him with it; and he insisted upon his Innocency . After this we searched him, and found a Handkerchief which I had lost some Time, and this Knife in his Pocket; here's an Eye (a Hole) in the Blade, and upon examining the Cabinet, we found every Impression made in it, fitted this Tool, as exactly as if they had been made by it; and the Flap of the Cabinet being lined with green Velvet, had been press'd by the Tool, and in the press'd Part, there was a little Space unpress'd, which exactly fitted the Hole in the Knife. The Prisoner did not lie in the Stables, but over the very Room from whence the Money was taken. I asked him, if he had been out that Morning? He told me, - no farther than the Stables; but remembering he had a Sister-in-law, by Red-Lion-Square, that he called upon sometimes, I went to Colonel De Veil's for a Warrant to search there; but I had no occasion to make use of it; for I asked her if she knew John Weller ? She said, Yes; and told me he had brought her 6 Holland Shirts that very Morning; shewed them to me, and they are the Shirts of a Gentleman who pledg'd them at my House, and they were taken out of my Warehouse. There are eight Shirts in the Indictment; two of them we found in his Possession, one in his Box, and the other in his Room; they are of a coarser Sort; the six fine ones are worth three Guineas, or thereabouts; here are our Tickets upon them. I can't be so positive to these 2, as I am to the other 6, because they were in the Holland when they were pledg'd; but have been made up since.
Prisoner. How is it possible, I should take the Shirts out of the Warehouse, when I never was in it 3 Times in my Life?
Mr Grubb . Our Warehouse-door is generally open, and he goes through the Warehouse to fetch Corn; and Mrs Grubb has been so indiscreet, as to give him the Key, to go thro' the Warehouse by himself.
Prisoner. What Character had you with me from my Lady Salisbury?
Mr Grubb. I was to blame to take him on so slight a Character; I took him on the Character given him by a Servant, and never enquired any farther.
Mrs Grubb confirm'd her Father's Evidence.


                  Robert 
                  Morris 
               



            . The 28th of July in the Morning Mr Grubb sent for me, and told me of this Affair, and that he suspected no one but the Prisoner, and would have had me have taken him into Custody: I called him out, and desired him to take the Prisoner down Stairs, while we searched the Hayloft, and Stable. Mr Grubb said, he fear'd 'twould be to no purpose, for the Prisoner had been out that Morning with a Bundle. I told him, if we searched and found it not, we should but have our Labour for our Pains. So Mr Grubb, and I, and his Brother searched the Stables, and a Warehouse, where he sells Coals, and in rummaging about, we found a Hat: so we searched farther, and Mr Grubb's Brother found a Bag of Money. I took it out of his Hand, and felt in it, and there was the Purse likewise in the Bag. I carried them to Mrs Grubb, and they were soon after carried with the Prisoner before the Justice. [The Witness mentioned the Pieces of Money in the Bag, and Purse, as they are in the Indictment.] The Prisoner said he was as innocent as the Child unborn; but we searched him, and found this Knife upon him, and a Pair of Scissars, and a Handkerchief. The Knife exactly fitted the Impressions which had been made in the Bureau, by wrenching it open. After he was committed, we broke open his Box, and found a Shirt in it, which Mr Grubb claimed.


                  Alice 
                  Weller 
               



            . I live in Eagle-street, by Red-Lion-Square, and follow Plain-work. The Prisoner brought me 6 Shirts that Morning, but here are only 5 of them. They have not brought them all right, for this is not one of them; this is one I made for him. He brought them the 28th of July in the Morning (I think) about 7 o'clock, before I was out of my Bed.
Mrs Grubb . I found the Cabinet broke about about a Quarter before 8.
Weller. He knock'd at my Door, and said, he had got 6 Holland Shirts for me to mark. I ask'd him, how he came to have so many ready-made Shirts, when I work'd for my Bread? He told me, his Master was a Pawnbroker, and they had a Sale once a Month; and he being in Favour with the 'Prentice and Journeyman, they could get them cheaper for him of his Master, than he could get them for himself. They were Holland, and he told me he gave Half-a Guinea a-piece for them: then he said he was in haste, and went away. He had his white Frock on, and his Velvet Cap.
Mr Grubb . We have no such Sales at such Times, nor were these Shirts sold.
Weller . When he went away, he told me, he believed he should come away from his Master next Day, and begg'd I would speedily mark them for him; and four of them being full-trimm'd, he desired I would pick of the Ruffles for him; which I did. In May last he brought me some Holland, cut out for 2 Aprons, with a Piece of coarse Cloth. I made him a Shirt of the 2 Aprons, and this is that Shirt. Mr Grubb took the Piece of coarse Cloth from me. In June he brought me another Piece of Holland, and I made him another Shirt; but that Shirt is not here. Mr Grubb that Afternoon had me before Colonel De Veil. I delivered the Shirts to him, and said he was welcome to search any where in my Room. He put it hard to me, - whether I had any Thing belonging to the Prisoner, and said I must deliver it. I then spoke of the Piece of coarse Cloth, and the Prisoner having given it me, I put a Piece of my own to it, and made me an Apron, and this Mr Grubb took from me.
Prisoner. Ask her if, some time ago, she did not go with me to buy a Piece of Holland, to make me 2 trimm'd Shirts.
Weller. Yes, I did. He lived at that Time with the 
               
                  Countess
                   of Salisbury
               



            , and behaved well I made those Shirts for him 3 Years ago, on Account of the Wedding of the Lady's Sister.


                  Jane 
                  Veesy 
               



             . On the 28th of July, I saw the Prisoner in Mr Grubb's Yard, about a Quarter after five in the Morning. I asked him how he came to be up so soon? He told me he got up at four that Morning. I did not ask him the Reason of it, because I had often seen him up early. Between 6 and 7 I saw him again, with something like a Bundle of Linnen under his Arm.


                  Samuel 
                  Goodwin 
               



             depos'd, That the Prisoner and he went to Bed on Sunday Night about 12. That at 6 the next Morning he got up, and went down Stairs, but came up again and laugh'd, and said the Area-Doors were open. That the Prisoner being afterwards tax'd with the Robbery, he deny'd it; and being asked if he had not been abroad that Morning, he declared he had been no farther than the Hay-market. That when he was in Prison, he told the Witness he had bought 14 Shirts for 10 Guineas, some of which his Sister had, but she was gone to Bristol. He desired him to beg of his Master not to hang but to transport him. The Witness added, that the Prisoner looked after the Horses, and used to bring the Keys of the Stables home to the House every Night.
Mr Hardwick, Mr Grubb's Neighbour, depos'd, that he saw (from his own Window) the Prisoner in the Room where the Cabinet stood, between 5 and 6 that Morning, but could not see what he did there, because one of the Window-Shutters was put to. This Witness put brass Plates, above and below the Lock of the Cabinet, to secure it, and it was his Opinion the Flap was loosened with the Knife, till a Man's Fingers could be got in, to pull it open.



                  Jane 
                  Kelloway 
               



             , the Maid, confirmed part of Goodwin's Evidence. She told the Prisoner, if Thieves had got in at the Area-Door they were honest Rogues, for a Silver half-pint Mug was left upon the Dresser, where it stood the Night before. She added, that it was her Business to open the Parlour-Windows, and the Prisoner never did it but once; and that he confessed to her, he was guilty with Regard to the Shirts, but was innocent of all the rest. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            * 
* As the Prisoner's Confession was made use of against him, as a Proof he stole the Shirts, the other Part of his Declaration, must likewise he admitted in his Favour; wherein he denies taking the Money . And as two of the Shirts laid in the Indictent , were not Shirts, when taken by him, and one of the Shirts produced was not Mr Grubb's, there was Proof only as to five Shirts.




[Transportation. See summary.]


