





165. + 
               
                  
                     James 
                     How 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a perriwig, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Fitzar 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Grant 
                     



, January 17
.


                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . I was servant to Mrs. Grant; the Prisoner 
               
                  James 
                  How 
               



             came into her shop at Hoxton


 to be shaved; when he came in, the wig was hanging upon a peg; I went for some warm water, and shaved him; in about a quarter of an hour after he was gone I missed the wig, and called to my mistress to know whether she had delivered it to any body, and she said she had not. I went to seek after him, and found him behind Old Street Church wheeling of bricks: I charged him with stealing the wig, went with him to a publick house, and he delivered me the wig out of his pocket. I had some knowledge of him, he had been shaved there at different times.
Prisoner. I went into the shop to be shaved, I did not take the wig out of the shop with a design to cheat him of it, but out of a joke; and when he came to me, I delivered it to him again directly. Smith went to my wife, and agreed to take a guinea of her not to appear against me, and offered to let me go. I have a note [receipt] here to prove it.
The following paper was produced and read.
' February 25, 1744. Received of 
               
                  James 
                  How 
               




' two shillings and six-pence, in part of one pound
' one shilling. Received by me,
' 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH 
               



            .'
Q. Do you know any thing of th is? Whose writing is it?
Smith. This is one Brown's writing, a gardner at Hoxton. Mr. Brown wanted me to make it up, and gave me half a crown, and I told him no such thing could be done - I have seen this paper before.
Prisoner. Mr. Smith said he would make it up.
Smith. I said if I could do the Prisoner any service, I would; but afterwards, when I had informed myself, I went to his wife, and told her I could not do it: I would have served him if I could, because he had a wife and two or three children. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


