





13. 
               
                  
                     Bridget 
                     Crayth 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing the carcass of one sheep, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wright 
                        




                      
                  , value 5 s.
            
Dec. the 2d.




                  William 
                  Grey 
               



            . I had thirty sheep in my charge at Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wright 
               



            's door. On this day sev'night, a little after ten, the Prisoner took one of them from the hooks, and carried it away; they were carcasses of sheep for the market, and she was stopt in Somerset-street with the Sheep in her basket.
Q. Did the basket hold it?
Grey. Yes, Sir; she put it under her arm, she said, a man gave it her coming from Whitechapel: I am sure it was Mr. Wright's sheep.
Court. So you are sure the Prisoner is the woman?
Grey. Yes, Sir; I wish I was so sure to go to heaven, I should be glad to leave the world this minute.


                  John 
                  Bradshaw 
               



            . Last Wednesday night I was going through Whitechapel-bars, and I heard a little girl cry stop thief; I said to the girl, who is it? she said it was that woman; I followed her, and askt her what she had got; she swore at me, I took hold of her, and found the sheep in her basket of lemons, and brought her to Mr. Wright's door.
Q. to Prisoner. Will you ask the witness any questions?
Prisoner. This witness took me forcibly to the place, he dragged me along to the watch-house.


                  Ann 
                  Grey 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner take it off the hooks, and put it in her basket.
Q. Whose was it?
Grey. Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wright 
               



            's. I said to her, what do you do there? and she said, what is that to you, you young slut; it is time you were abed.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


