






73. + 74. + 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Macklin 
                  




                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Bryant 
                     Ivery 
                  




                
            , of Christ Church, Middlesex



, were indicted for 


               stealing thirteen linen handkerchiefs, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Paine 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop
            , January 6
.


                  David 
                  Paine 
               



             . I deal in the linen drapery way
; I have two half doors to my shop, I heard something of a noise, and looked, and saw these two boys; I was surprized to see them in the shop, as I knew the doors were shut; the little one went out, and I laid hold of the great one. Said I, what business had you in the shop, and now you want to go out again? He said he came with the little boy that went out. I told him, I believed he was one of those who had robbed me some time before, and I would take him before a magistrate; though I did not know at that time that he had robbed me of any thing. The great one was a little frightened, and said he did not take any thing, but at last he confessed, that they had taken two pieces off a shelf, and he shewed me where they took them from; (the little one was hovering about at a little distance) and when he had acknowledged the little one had taken something, I called out , Stop thief! and he dropped the goods, and was taken.
Q. Did you see him drop the goods?
Paine. Yes I did, these are my goods.


                  Bryant 
                  Ivery 
               



            . Pray ask him whether he saw me do any thing?
Paine I saw him make room for the little one to pass him, and that made me suspect him.
Ivery. Did not I ask for a pair of scarlet garters ?
Paine. One of my neighbours asked for garters, but they asked for nothing.


                  Eleanor 
                  Delafort 
               



             . I happened to be in the street, and heard somebody cry out, Stop thief! and I stopped a boy with these goods.
Q. You cannot say that is the boy?
Delafort . No, my lord, I cannot.
Ivery. I went into the shop to buy a pair of scarlet stockings, and did not go into the shop to steal any thing.
Q. to Macklin. How old are you?
Macklin. I am ten years old.
Q. You are acquainted with the place you are in, are not you?
Macklin. No, Sir.
- I am afraid you are, and that you have been there several times.
Both 


               guilty, 4 s. and 10 d
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


