





119. + 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Moss 
                  



               
             , of St. Botolph Aldgate, Middlesex


, was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of cloth breeches, value 6 s. one pair of plush breeches, value 6 s. six pair of leather breeches, value 30 s. a duffle coat, value 10 s. and a white dimithy waistcoat, value 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rymer 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , January 26
.


                  Thomas 
                  Ryner 
               



             . On the 26th of January I lost a scarlet cloth cloak, and charged the Prisoner with it, but he denied it, and I could not find it upon him, but I found some of the goods that I lost at several pawnbrokers that were pledged by the Prisoner.
Q. How do you know that?
Rymer. By the information of the pawnbrokers these are my goods, there is my mark upon them.


                  James 
                  Jacobs 
               



            , I am a pawnbroker. In December last the Prisoner had been at my shop several times, and my servant told me he did not like him, and believed he was not honest: he brought first one pair of leather breeches, one pair of plush breeches , and a short cloak; about a fortnight afterwards he came to my shop with another pair of leather breeches.
Q. Did you take them in?
Jacobs. My man did, and after the Prisoner was gone he suspected him, and did not like him; the next time 
               
                  Peter 
                  Moss 
               



             came with goods, I asked him whether they were his own, and he said they were another person's. My man advised me to go into Rosemary-Lane, which I did, and saw the Prisoner in a shop: I asked an acquaintance of mine whose shop that was; he said Mr. Rymer's; I asked Mr. Rymer if he had a journeyman
; he said yes; I asked him his name, and he said his name was Moss.
Q. What goods had you of the Prisoner?
Jacobs. I had two pair of breeches and a short cloak .

Q. Did Mr. Rymer come and own these goods?
Jacobs. My Lord, a few words will do it; I did ask my acquaintance to tell Mr. Rymer I had a few words to speak to him, and I discovered to Mr. Rymer the transactions Mr. Moss had with us, and went to Mr. Rymer's house to apprehend the Prisoner, which we did; and after the Prisoner was convinced we had opened the affair to Mr. Rymer, he fell down on his knees, and with tears in his eyes said he had wronged the best of masters.


                  Richard 
                  Foot 
               



            . I live in the same street with Mr. Jacobs; he came to me, and asked me what goods I had of Mr. Moss; I said I had a waistcoat of him about twelvemonths before, and two pair of breeches, which Mr. Rymer said were his; and the Prisoner owned the whole affair before the Justice.


                  Anthony 
                  Malpas 
               



            . The Prisoner at the bar mentioned in the indictment, did on the 22d of January pledge a duffle coat with me, which was Mr. Rymer's; the Prisoner said it was his own property, and that he gave 32 s. for it; he wanted 16 s. upon it, and I would not lend him above 8 s.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


