





134. 
               
                  
                     Joel 
                     Niblett 
                  



               
             , of St. Luke's Middlesex


 , was indicted for 


               stealing a shirt, value 2 s. and a handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lamb 
                  




                
            , Dec. 29th
.


                  Thomas 
                  Lamb 
               



            . I missed the handkerchief in Nov. and the shirt the week after Christmas, I suspected the prisoner, because we found him out in taking some little pieces of copper which were my master's property, and so I charged him with these things, and he said he had pawned the handkerchief to one Badcock, in Golden Lane, for six-pence, when I went to Mrs. Badcock she said he brought a shirt to pawn, and she would not take it in, and he carried it to one Barnes, another pawnbroker, in Golden-Lane; and pawned it for 2 s. Barnes delivered the shirt to the constable - the prisoner was an errand-boy to my master - he is about 12 or 13 years of age, as he says. I do not know any otherwise.



                  Anthony 
                  Barnes 
               



             . I believe I did take in the shirt, but I cannot remember the Prisoner's bringing it; I took it in the 29th of Dec.
Mr. Badcock. I delivered a handkerchief to Mr. Lamb, I do not know that the boy brought it, though I knew him by living in the neighbourhood, but he owned he brought it to me.


                  William 
                  Eves 
               



             . I had a search warrant brought by Mr. Crawley , another constable of the same mannour; says I, it is in a very good hand; he said it was out of his liberty; he said, could not you give it to one of your head-boroughs? I sent it to one of the head-boroughs and he desired me to serve it; and I did go, and as soon as I showed Mr. Barnes the warrant he fetched the shirt down himself.
Q. to the Prisoner. What age are you?
Prisoner. I am 13 next October. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


