





63. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Beak 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four Butt-Soles
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Jarvis 
                  




                
            .


                  Q. 
               


            (to Jarvis) What Leather is that the Prisoner stands indicted for?

Jarvis. They are Butt-Soles.
Q. When were they stole?
Jarvis. I cannot tell. But the Witness will give you an Account.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Anne Maria 
                  Perry 
               



            .) What say you to the Prisoner, as to the stealing these Things? Do you know any Thing of these four Pieces of Leather.
Perry. The Prisoner said that she had paid for them.
Q. Did you know her before?
Perry. Yes.
Q. How long?
Perry. About six Weeks.
Q. Do you know any Thing of the Goods the Man has here in Possession?
Perry. The other Witness will give an Account of them.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            .) What do you know of these four Pieces of Leather?
Smith. I work in a Stall next the Street, and this Person (the Prisoner) came by me and stood a considerable Time; and said; Do you want any Thing I have got; I said, let me look upon them.
Q. When was this?
Smith. About five Weeks ago. I ask'd her what she would take for two Pair. She ask'd me 8 d. I gave her 7 d. I ask'd her whether she came honestly by them. She said, she did. She ask'd me if she should call again the latter End of the Week. I said she might. I never saw her 'till Thursday last; she came again, and ask'd me, do you want any more Leather. I answer'd I could not tell, it was so cold; but I carry'd one of these Soles to a Leather-Cutter's; and he told me, he was sure it was stolen; and desir'd me, when she came again, I would stop her: Accordingly, she came; but I said, go into the publick House and I will come to you. She went in and I bought a Pair of her mark'd 7 d. for a Groat: When I carry'd them to the Leather-Cutter, he bid me pay for them and he would come immediately: And when he came, he look'd upon the two Pair she had in her Hand, and ask'd her what she would have for them; 1 s. She ask'd, and he bid her 8d. With that, he just touch'd her by the Hand and said, How come you by these Goods: He insisted to know where she bought them : She said, she bought them of Mr. Jarvis's Maid on Snow-Hill.


                  Q. 
               


            ( to Perry.) What have you to say to these Things, do they belong to your Master, did you ever sell them to the Prisoner?
Perry. No. She never bought nor paid me a Farthing for these Goods. What she bought of me was sixpenny, but these are ninepenny and twelvepenny.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Now make your Defence.
Prisoner. Please your Lordship. I bought them of the Maid, a pair at a Time and never any more.
Q. Have you any Witnesses to prove it; What Business are you of?
Prisoner. I bought old Clothes and old Shoes and us'd to have them mended.
The Reason the Prisoner gave that she had not Witnesses was, that she heard she was to lie 'till next Sessions. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


