





261 + 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Boyd 
                  



               
             , of St. Paul Covent-Garden


, was indicted for 


               stealing 6 Yards of Cambrick, val. 30 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Conran 
                        




                      
                  , in his Shop
            , May 16
.
Eliz Conran. Last Monday Morning, between 7 and 8 o'Clock, the Prisoner came to our Shop; says she, I was recommended to you to buy some Cambrick: I asked her what Price she would have it; she said, about 7 s. 6 d. a Yard; (she had a Basket with Butter and Eggs, I believe she sells Butter and Eggs
) said I, Mistress, you seem to be a poor Woman, and you shall have it at the same price it is mark'd; I cut her a Nail, which is the 16th part of a Yard, which, at 7 s. per Yard, came to 5 d. farthing, and I took 5 d. for it. She desired I would show her some Lawn; I showed her some Long Lawn, and she said she would have a Handkerchief of it, and I apprehend, at the Time I turned my Rack to get the Lawn, (for I had left several Pieces of Cambrick on the Counter) that she took an Opportunity to take the Cambrick; I had a trembling came over me, suspecting she had taken something, I looked in the Woman's Face, and immediately she shifted her Elbow very much; I heard, as I thought, a piece of Cambrick rustle, said I, Mistress, I must ask your Pardon, but I believe you have got something of mine. She denied it, and gave me very unhandsome Language; I call'd, Adam , and got some Assistance; she had a red Cloak on, I turned it on one side, and saw the Cambrick under her Arm; I snatch'd at it twice, and at the second Pull I got it from her. (The Cambrick was produc'd, which was sworn to by Mr and Mrs Conran.)
Prisoner. I took this Piece of Cambrick, and put it under my Arm, because I liked it better than any other, and never thought of stealing it; for the Minute she asked me whether I had a Piece of Cambrick of her's, I said, Yes.
Mrs Conran. I had forgot one thing, if she had not put me in Mind of it; when she bid me measure the Lawn, she said she would not have it now, but would call again for it, and went to take her Basket up, and go out of the Shop.


                  George 
                  Perry 
               



            . I saw Mrs Conran take a Piece of Cloth, from under the Prisoner's Arm.


                  Adam 
                  Price 
               



            . I saw Mrs Conran pull a Piece of Cambrick from under her Arm.
Prisoner. I am a Woman that works hard for my three Childen, and never did any such thing in my Life.


                  Alexander 
                  Buchanan 
               



             . I have known the Prisoner five Years, and never knew any ill of her; she takes Care of her Children, and works for her Bread; and has the Character of a very honest Woman.


                  Ann 
                  Dawes 
               



             . I have known her fifteen Years, and never heard of any thing to stain her Character in my Life; she has three small Children; her Husband is in Flanders ; I went to Mr Corran's Shop about this Affair, and he took me by the Shoulder, and bid me get out: I said, I came about the Affair that has happened to this poor Woman, and desired him to be favourable; said I, Sir, perhaps it may be a Mistake; the Gentlewoman said, her Face was never from the Counter, while the Prisoner was in the Shop.


                  Mary 
                  Langwill 
               



             , - 
               
                  Mac 
                  Fun 
               



            , and - Murran , gave her the Character of an honest Woman. 


               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


