






316, 317. 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Spurling 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of linen sheets, value 10 s. four table-cloths, value 3 s. three yards of printed linnen, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Steven 
                     Harrowsmith 
                  



                
            . Feb. 20

. And 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Price 
                  



                
             , for 


               receiving them, knowing them to be stolen.
            



                  Steven 
                  Harrowsmith 
               



            . The 20th of February my yard was robb'd by one who makes himself an I never saw the things after they were stolen.
Robert Borbam. 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Spurling 
               



             , the prisoner at the bar, was concerned with me in stealing some wet linnen belonging to Mr. Harrowsmith, the 20th or 21st of February last. We carried them to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Price 
               



             to dispose of. She said, she could not do any thing with them till they were dry; then we carried them to Sir John Oldcastle's , and hid them. We went the next day, and carried them to Hornsey wood to dry, and then brought them home to her about eight o'clock at night . When we went in, there were two men in her house; we went up stairs, and she took what she thought proper; which was one sheet, and three tablecloths , and went out with them; she brought us 4 shillings.
Q. What did she say she had done with them ?
Borbam . She said, she had pawned them; there was one sheet she was to give us 2 s. 6 d. for; she asked us, where we got them, and we told her.
Q. Where does she live?
Borbam . In George-alley by Shoe-lane. I have been at her house several times, when I wanted lodging, being destitute, she directed me first to Black-boy-alley. We gave her two old sheets and a tablecloth. She was to give us half a pint of gin for a piece of flowered linnen. She keeps what we may call a Bawdy-house. In looking over the things, she found a mark on one corner; she took a pair of sizors, and cut it off, and flung it in the fire; saying, Why did you bring it thus? Do you know the danger you expose me to? We told her we did not see it.
Q. Do you know what letters they were?
Borbam . I do not know. She bid us go out, and get more; telling us, she designed to take a house to keep people to go out a thieving; and she thought she might get 2 d. a night of lodgers, as well as others.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


