





28. 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Birke 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Dozen of Buckshorn Handled Knives and Forks, Value 3 s. 3 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Horne 
                  




                
            , December 8
.


                  Thomas 
                  Horne 
               



             . Yesterday in the Afternoon, I lost six Knives and six Forks, out of my Shop in Old Swan-Lane


, in Thames-Street, about four o'Clock in the Afternoon. The Night before, the Prisoner came into the Shop to buy a Dozen of Buckles, which cost 8 s. I suspected him of stealing, and the next Day I designed to set a Trap for him; and my Servant in serving him (just as I thought) observed him to take a Dozen of Buckshorn Handled Knives and Forks; he let him go out of the Shop, and went after him, and brought him back: I happened to come in just at that Time: my Servant told me, he saw him put them into his Bag; he had bought a Dozen of Black Handled ones, for which he paid 23 d. He said, he would satisfy me, if I would be easy; but I would not let him escape, for I have had too many of these Sort of Chaps.


                  John 
                  Havard 
               



            . I knew nothing of the Prisoner, any farther than by his coming now and then to buy a small Matter. I observed him as strictly as I could, because I had a Suspicion of his Thieving; and I saw him put a Dozen of Buckshorn Handled Knives and Forks into his Bag; he had bought a Dozen of Black Handled; I follow'd him, and took him; he said he took them through a Mistake; he had nothing to say to the Purpose, only in an equivocating Way; they were tied up in a Paper, as they are now.
Prisoner. The Set of Knives which I paid for, I had put into my Bag, and looking for my Money, I had forgot I had put them in, and these lying pretty near my Bag, I put them in through a Mistake. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


