





355. + 
               
                  Ann 
                  Webb , otherwise 
Cheworth




             of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk purse, value 1 s. a snuff box, value 20 s. 59 guineas, and a two guinea piece, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Haddock 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , August the 9th
.


                  Richard 
                  Haddock 
               



            . On the 9th of August I was going home in a chair, very much in liquor, and the chairman set me down at a night cellar by Charing-Cross


 and I went in - I was so much in liquor that I could not tell what time of the night it was. - I believe it was between 3 and 4 in the morning; the Prisoner came in to drink. I had 3 s. to pay, and I gave the man of the cellar half a guinea instead of a sixpence. I lost my purse, in which I had a two guinea piece and 60 guineas; though I swore but to 59 guineas, because I don't know but I might change one. I lost my snuff box. When I came home I told my wife I had been robbed; I went to the cellar and told the person that keeps it what had happened. He said if I would give him 5 guineas he would help me to my money: and the Prisoner was taken with the money upon her, and my purse was brought to me with 45 guineas in it, the rest of the money was gone. When she was before the Justice she fell down on her knees and begged for mercy; she owned the taking the money, but she denied that she took the snuff box.



                  Christopher 
                  Moore 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Haddock; I was at the taking the Prisoner at Chelsea, we forced the door open and took her in bed about two o'clock in the morning. I was afraid there was a man in bed with her, but there was not; when I told her what we came about, she said she was a dead woman, and begged for mercy. She took the purse out of her pocket and said, here is the purse, it is Mr. Haddock's purse and money. - There were 45 guineas in the purse: she said she wished she had gone to Portsmouth , for she was to have gone there the next day , in order to go to Flanders .
Jury . Did the Prisoner know Mr. Haddock?
Mr. Haddock . I did not know her, she lived with a woman next door to me, so she might know me though I did not know her. 


               Guilty of the felony, not guilty of the privately stealing
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


