





226. 
               
                  
                     Rachael 
                     Wilford 
                  



               
            , of St. George in Middlesex


, was indicted for 


               stealing 1 Cotton Gown, val. 2 s. and 6 d. one Dimitty Petticoat, val. 18 d. 1 Apron, val. 1 s. 1 piece of Linnen Cloth, val. 1 s. 2 Pillowbiers, val. 1 s. and 2 Napkins, val. 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Stinson 
                        



                      
                  , and one Pair of Stockings
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     White 
                  



                
            , Feb. 14th
.


                  Mary 
                  Stinson 
               



            . On the 14th of February, I was robbed; I lost the Gown out of a Wash-Tub, in a close Yard belonging to my House, in Marsh-Yard, in Wapping


; and on 22d of February, I saw the Prisoner with this Gown upon her Back; I found the Prisoner in Whitechapel, the first of April, and then she told me, the Gown was at the Pawnbroker's; the Petticoat she had sent to her Mother's, and the Apron she had made Shift Sleeves of. I found the Gown at the Pawnbroker's by the Direction of the Prisoner.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Ingram 
               



            . On the 22d of February, I was going up Well-Street, and saw the Prisoner with the Gown upon her Back; I went to Mrs Stinson, and told her, but the Prisoner was gone; Mrs Stinson got a Constable, and took her in Whitechapel, the first of April; she had not the Gown on then.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Bedford 
               



            . When the Prisoner was before the Justice, she said she bought the Gown two Years ago on Tower-Hill; and said, she would work twenty Years, and give her three Shillings a Week, if she would but make it up.


                  Mary 
                  Murphy 
               



            . She said, she had sent the Petticoat down into the Country; and that she would work twenty Years, and pay three Shillings a Week, if they would not send her to Jail.
Prisoner. I bought the Gown in Rag-Fair, and gave three Shillings and Six-pence for it. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


