





494. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hunt 
                  



               
            , of St Giles's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a checqu'd Apron, val. 6 d. a linnen Shift, val. 6 d. and a Cambrick Handkerchief, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Miles 
                           Swinney 
                        



                      
                  . 14 Yards of Callimancoe, and 8 Yards of Stuff, cut out for Petticoats
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ryder 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Nicklin 
                  



                
            . October 5
.


                  Martha 
                  Swinney 
               



            . I live in Wild-Passage, near Drury Lane


. On the 5th of this Month, I went out at 3 o'clock, and left the Prisoner in my Room. I left my Things all safe, and bid her go out, and take the Key of the Door with her. I return'd at 5 o'clock, and found my Door lock'd; but the Key was left in the inside. I asked my Neighbours, whether they had seen the Prisoner go out? and was told, that she was gone, and had carried a large Bundle out with her. I immediately gave notice to several Pawnbrokers, to stop my Goods, if they should be offered to pawn, and accordingly, Mr Johnson, in Wych-street, stopped 2 Coats, which were brought to him by a Woman, who had them from the Prisoner. She confessed, before Mr Justice Frazier, that she took these two Petticoats, which were not quite finish'd, and one which was almost made up, and that she had left the Shift and Apron at Rebecca Rines's; but the Handkerchief she dropped, as she was going along.
- Freer. On the 6th of October, 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Rines 
               



             brought 2 quilted Petticoats to our Shop to pawn; My Master was not at home, so I stopped them, and gave Notice to Mrs Swinney . The Prisoner confessed before the Justice, that she took them out of Mrs Swinney's Room, and that she had given them to Rines to bring to our House; but she would not set her Hand to any thing.
Rebecca Rines. The Prisoner came to my House, and asked me to let her lie there? I told her, she was welcome if she pleased. I asked her what she had got in her Apron? She said, she had got some Petticoats, and would be glad if I would pawn them for her; I told her, I would, and accordingly I carried them to Mr Johnson's , in Wych street ; they asked me where I had them? I said, I did not know the Name of the Person, but I would carry them to the Place where she was; so I had them to the Alehouse where I left the Prisoner, and she could not deny the taking of them, but would not sign her Confession.
Prisoner. That Woman came to me the Friday before this happened, and desired me to do such a Thing; she would pawn them, and I might come to her Lodging. I told her I was afraid; but I brought my Things to her, and she has a great many of them now. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


