





335. 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Roberts 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 2 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Grafton 
                  




                
            , September the 2d.


Grafton. The Prisoner has robb'd me of several. Sums of Money, but 2 s. in particular.
Q. When did he steal 2 s. from you?
Grafton. On Wednesday Evening.
Q What is the Prisoner?
Grafton. The Prisoner is a Porter
 that I employ.
Q. What did he do on Wednesday last?
Grafton. I having a Suspicion of him for some time, and the Tuesday before I mentioned it to my Apprentice, and he said, he was afraid it was too true; so Joseph Boon, my Apprentice, he puts some Money into the Till, and hides himself, that he did not see him, and he saw him take some Money out.
Q. Was any Money found upon him that you can swear to be your's? What was the Money you gave to your Apprentice to put in?
Grafton. I gave him three Half Crowns, four Shillings, and three Six-pences.
Q. Was all this mark'd?
Grafton. Every one.
Q. Was this in the Morning or Afternoon?
Grafton. I gave him the Money about Noon, to the best of my Rememberance. The 2 s. was found upon the Prisoner on Wednesday Evening. He was search'd in my Presence.


                  Joseph 
                  Boon 
               



            . I am an Apprentice to Mr Grafton.
Q. Do you know of any Money Mr Grafton gave you to put into the Till ?
Boon. He gave me thirteen Shillings; three Half Crowns, four Shillings, and three Six pences.
Q. Did you observe Marks upon these Pieces?
Boon. Yes, my Lord; about seven o'Clock I laid them in the Drawer.
Q. What was the Reason of your putting in mark'd Money?
Boon. Because we had a Suspicion that the Man had taken Money out of the Drawer. I told my Master of it, and we mark'd some Money.
Q. Did you put all this Money into the Till ?
Boon. All, my Lord. I saw his Hand in the Drawer about a Quarter of an Hour after I laid it in. I was concealed in the Shop.

Q. Do you intrust him in the Shop ?
Boon. No, my Lord; there is three in the Shop to serve besides, therefore he has no Business at all at the Drawer. The Candle was on the Counter, and the Till is so placed that I could see it.
Q. Was he search'd upon this?
Boon. He was search'd between the Hours of seven and eight.
Q. How much was missing?
Boon. Two Shillings.
Q. Where was this 2 s. found?
Boon. Found in the right Side Pocket.
Q. Was any Body else besides you present?
Boon. Yes, Mr 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Demee 
               



            . He took it out in my Presence; he took out 2 s. I saw them in his Hand, and they are the Shillings put into the Till; they are both mark'd P.
Daniel Demee. I am a Neighbour of Mr Grafton's. I was at the Coffee-house on Wednesday, between seven and eight o'Clock, and Mr Grafton was giving me an Account of the Affair that happen'd between him and his Servant, who had robb'd him several Times. As he was giving me this Account his Apprentice came in, and told him, he had caught the Porter taking Money out of the Till. There was a Constable planted to charge him if he was guilty. The Man clapt his Hand into his Pocket, and did not bring it out so quickly; so I desired him to slip his Breeches off; accordingly the Man happen'd to give me his Breeches, and I took the 2 s. out of his Pocket, which was marked P.
(The 2 s. were produc'd in Court.)
Upon that his Box was examin'd, which was above Stairs, and in that Box was found a Taylor's Bill of 13 l. He confess'd he had taken Money several Times out of his Master's Till; and in all upwards of 11 l.
Court to the Prisoner. What have you to say for yourself ?
Prisoner. It is all done out of Spight.
Q. Have you any Witnesses ?
Prisoner. I liv'd with a Distiller in Drury-lane, but I could not send to him. They took away all my Money.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


