





127. 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     White 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Chimney-Glass, a Hand-Bell, a Pistol, a Fishing-Rod, a Brass Candlestick, a Piece of Green Cloth, 2 Pokers, &c. and a Book entituled , Dr Anderson's Royal Genealogies ; with sundry other Books
            , Dec. 27
, the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Thompson 
                  




                
            .
Mr. Thompson . I have a little House at Weybridge


 ; my Study was broke open and I lost the Things mentioned in the Indictment, with several other Books. - There was a second Robbery; this Book, Dr Anderson's Royal Genealogies, was found among the Books taken in the second Robbery, which was the 14th of Dec. they cut through the Wall of my Summer-house, and threw out one hundred Books more than they took away; I found them upon the Ground in my Neighbour's Orchard; they took away seventy Octavo's, Quarto's and Folio's; twelve Volumes of Rapin's History, in Octavo, &c. after making the best Enquiry I could in that Town, I came to my Bookseller, and desired him to print Notes to give among the Booksellers; a little while after, Mr. Taylor, the Bookseller, came to me and desired I would come and see some Books which he had; there were Anderson's Genealogies , and all the Books in the Indictment, except the first Volume of Rapin's History, which was in another Place; these are the Books I lost, and which I had of Mr Taylor. I believe this is my Pistol.


                  Thomas 
                  Taylor 
               



            , The Prisoner has been with me twice with Books; the first Time she brought me Dr Anderson's Royal Genealogies, which she wanted to exchange for a Family-Bible; I shewed her one very hansomely bound, and she sold me Anderson's Genealogy, for this Bible and 3 s. in Money, and she said, she had other Books to sell; and on the 15th or 16th of Dec. she brought eleven Volumes of Rapin's History; all the first 12 Octavo Volumes, except the first, 3 Volumes of Shaw's Bacon, the first Volume was not among them; Pemberton's View of Sir Isaac Newton's Philosophy, and the sixth Volume of Bundy's Roman History; and I said, She could not expect to have the same Money for them as if they were compleat, and I would have had her have made them compleat, but she said, she wanted Money, and was willing to dispose of them; I said, I would give her 2 Guineas and an half for them, and would buy the rest when she thought fit to bring them: She said, she lived at Mr. Wilkins's , in Pye-Street; I said, I would bring her the Money there; she said, No, she could not do it; I said, I must know whether you live there or no; she said, I might satisfy myself when I would; I told her, I would go along with her, and that she need not be afraid of her Money: She did not care for that, she said, she had no Occasion to trust me, and wondered what I meant by it, and said to the Man that was along with her, Put them into the Basket and carry them away. No, said I, Madam, I have bought them, and so I gave her the Money, and she gave it to the Man who brought the Basket; and when I came to Tutik-Street , the Man went away, so that I saw no more of him; said she, I will carry you to Mr How's in Pye-Street , whom I lived with, and he will satisfy you as to my Character: Mr How was not at home, but Mrs How came and gave her a good Character; and when Mr How came in, he said, he believed she was a very honest Woman; but still she did not care to let me know where she lived; she said, that she owed her Landlord some Money, and must not let him know she had received any; I told her, I would be satisfied; then she spoke to Mrs How, and they went into a Room together, and while I was talking with one Mrs. Waters about it, (that I would secure her if she did not make it out, that they were her Property ) she was gone; said I, Where is Mrs White? they said, She was gone to the Little-house; and so she made her Escape though those People heard me threaten her with a Constable: In 2 or 3 Days there were some Hand-Bills delivered among the Booksellers, to acquaint them, that such Books were stole: These are the Books I bought of her, they are very remarkable; when Mr Thompson came to me, I went to Col. 
               
                  Deveil
               


            , and said the same I do now: I went to Mr How's and asked a young Woman, who lodges in the House, where White lived, and she said, she lived at the upper End of the Willow-Walk , facing the Monster at Chelsea; we got a Search Warrant and went there, and had Dirt flung in our Faces that we could hardly get in there, but hearing her Voice, I was sure it was the same Woman that I bought the Books of; I found a Pistol there and the first Volume of Rapin, which matches with what was brought to me; she said, I might search the House if I would, she owned she sold me the Books.


                  Thomas 
                  Harris 
               



            . I found there the Green Cloth that covered the Table, and a Chimney-Glass; this was after White was in Custody - that is the Pistol that was taken out of the House; I know it because it has been in my Custody ever since; there was a Crack in it, just at the Butt, and it is filled up with Wax.
Prisoner. I lived as a Servant with 
               
                  William 
                  Lefford 
               



             , who lived at that House which Mr Thompson searched for his Goods, and they were my Master's Property, as far as I knew; and it is very unlikely that a Woman with a young Child should go to Weybridge , in Surry , to steal such a Parcel of Goods as Mr Thompson says he has lost.


                  Katherine 
                  Hayes 
               



            . I was in the House, and saw those Books delivered to Mr Lefford's Kinsman, John, and the Prisoner and he went out together, and I saw the Money that John brought back, there were 2 Guineas, and 10 s. 6 d. in Silver, and he delivered it to Mr Lefford , for the Books. I saw Mr Lefford pay her a Guinea for Wages, the Day after last Christmas Day.


                  Thomas 
                  Whiting 
               



            . The Prisoner's Husband kept a Publick-House at Egham , and had a very good Character; I have been come from thence about two Years; about a quarter of a Year ago I met her, and she said she kept a Man's House somewhere by Chelsea.


                  John 
                  Beauchamp 
               



             was sworn, but appeared to be the Prisoner's Husband, and therefore could give no Evidence. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


