








98. + 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pattison 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing 12 Linnen and Cotton Handkerchiefs, a Linnen Apron, two Napkins, ten Towels, and other Things the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           George
                            Albright Trotshey
                        



                     
                   in his Shop
            , December 31


. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            

99. + He was a second Time indicted with 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Styles 
                  



                
             for 


               stealing nine Pair of worsted Stockings, Value 22 s. 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Ridler 
                        



                      
                  , in his Shop
            , November 18


. And,
100. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Ellis 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               receiving three Pair of the same, knowing them to be stole
            . November 18


.
Mr Ridler. I keep a Hosier's Shop
, in Little Suffolk Street




; I lost a Bundle of Stockings containing nine Pair, out of my Shop Window. - 'Tis a close Window, and I put them there my self but a little while before they were stole. I missed them the 17th or 18th of November.


                  William 
                  Wevlin 
               



            . Styles, Pattison and I, on the 18th November, stole nine Pair of worsted Stockings; (some of them had red Clocks, and some of them white) we stole them out of Mr Ridler's Shop-window in Little Suffolk Street, near Great Suffolk Street, in the Haymarket. Styles (being the biggest Man) went into the Shop for a halfpenny worth of blue Thread, and stood before Mr Ridler. I stood at the outside of the Window to watch, and Pattison whipp'd in, and took the Stockings, while Mr Ridler reached down a Bundle of Thread. When Pattison was got out of the Shop with the Stockings, he gave them to me; I had Pattison's great Coat on at that Time, and I clapped them under the left Side of the Coat, and he and I went to the Corner of the next Street, and waited 'till Styles came up to us. Then we all three went to Margaret Ellis's, in Parker's Lane, and went up into her one Pair of Stairs Room: she came up to us there, and bid us 7 s. for them all. While we were talking to her, Styles snatched up four Pair out of the nine, and ran down Stairs with them. Out of what was left, I had three Pair, and Pattison had two. My three Pair I sold to Ellis for 3 s. but Pattison said, he would not sell his at any such Price, he would sooner pawn them. - We all went out with a Design to get what we could get, and seeing these Stockings lie in a Bundle in the Window ready at Hand, we agreed that Styles should go in for a halfpenny worth of Thread, and stand before Mr Ridler, while Pattison whipp'd away the Bundle. Ellis (the Prisoner) knew us before this Time; Pattison and I, lodged in her House, and we used to go out every Night, and what we got we used to carry to her. She knew how we came by the Goods we brought her, and that we had stole these Stockings in particular.
Pattison. There was no Body in this Robbery but the Evidence (Weblin) and I. We were coming that Night thro' Leicester Fields, and meeting 
               
                  Jemmy 
                  Styles 
               



            , we asked him to pawn some of these Stockings. He refused, because he was afraid they were not honestly come by: Upon which Weblin was angry, and said he'd be up with him. I undid the Prosecutor's Door myself. I have often opened it. We took these Goods while the Prosecutor and his Wife were drinking Tea. Pray, Sir, have not you often found your Shop Door open?
Mr Ridler. Yes I have.
Pattison. 'Twas I that opened it. We carried these Stockings to one 
               
                  Bess 
                  Cane 
               



            , alias 
               
                  Bess 
                  Price 
               



            , and she bid us 9 s. for them.
Ellis. I had neither Act nor Part in this Matter, nor have I ever bought any Stockings since I came to London. I happened to take this Bess Cane into the House, and she brought the Gang about me. My dear Husband is dead in Goal, upon this Account, and I hope you'll take my Case into Consideration.
Jury to Ridler. Do you remember any such Person as Styles, who came to you for a halfpenny worth of Thread at that Time?
Ridler. I remember serving a Man with a Skain of Blue Thread, but I can't swear it was the Prisoner Styles. I never had my Goods again, nor did I ever hear any Thing of them, 'till I had Information from Colonel De Veil, that the Persons who robbed me, were taken, upon Weblin's Information. Styles and Pattison, 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
             Ellis, 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


