





352. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Doe 
                  



               
             , was indicted for 


               stealing a copper tea-kettle, val. 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Lumley 
                  




                
            , Sep. 2 d
.


                  Margaret 
                  Lumley 
               



            . The Prisoner came into my house, at the Green Dragon in Long Lane


, and asked if there was not a young man and a young woman waiting for her? and I said, no; I was half an hour with the Prisoner in the kitchen, I turned my back to get something, and missed her; I looked out at the street door, and could see nothing of her; the next morning, my servant looked for the tea-kettle, and it was missing. There came one Fennel into the house, whose wife keeps a broker's shop, and hearing we had lost a tea-kettle, he said, such a tea-kettle was offered to his wife the night before to be sold, with about a pint and a half of boiling water in it. The Prisoner came into the house some time afterwards, and I asked her, if she wanted to steal another tea-kettel; she said , she never was in my house before , and used me with ill words, though I used her with very good words; I said, I would send to the woman that she offered it to; and if she did not say, she brought the kettle to her, she should go about her business: I sent for Mrs. Fennell, and she said, she was the person; then she begged and cried and desired to be excused; and said, she had sold it for 2 s. 3 d. at a Brazier's shop , but could not tell where, for she had not been in town above three weeks. I found it at one Mr. Beardman's a Brazier's in St. John's Street.


                  John 
                  Swan 
               



            . (Constable) The Prisoner owned she sold that kettle, which Mrs. Lumley owned, for 2 s. 3 d.


                  Rebecca 
                  Siddall 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Lumley; I saw the Prisoner in the house the 2 d of this month; the tea-kettle was on a trivet upon the fire, when the Prisoner was there, and the next morning I missed it.
Prisoner. The Prosecutrix said, if I would tell her where the kettle was, she would forgive me.
Lumley. I did say so before I charged the Constable with you; but you did not confess it till after you was in the Compter. 


               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


