





289. 
               
                  
                     Abigail 
                     Butler 
                  



                
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing one man's linen waistcoat, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Cormoreck 
                  




                
            , March 22
.


                  Christopher 
                  Cormoreck 
               



            . I am a porter
, and live in Swan yard, Newgate-street


 , I had been at the market , going home I met my little girl, just before I came to my door with a bottle in her hand, she me there was a gentlewoman in my room had sent her of an errand; I went in, mist my waistcoat, as it us'd to hang up. The prisoner was well dress'd, so I did not ask her about it; when the girl return'd, I ask'd her who had been in my room; saying, my waistcoat was gone: the prisoner said, I hope you don't suspect me? when she got up out of the chair I saw my waistcoat hand down, some part of it below her cloak, I took it from her directly, and she offer'd me 5 s. not to expose her.


                  Catherine 
                  Burk 
               



            . The prisoner came into our room and I was alone, she desir'd I would go and fetch her a dram : said I, I cannot go, and I told her the shop was just by, and she might go; for, said I, there is no body in the house but my self: No, no, said she, I must not go out; I may as well have it here that you may drink some: I refus'd going; then she said, Go, huffey , if you don't I shall make you; at last she gave me a penny, and bid me go for a penny worth of anniseed; then I went and met my master; he ask'd me where I was going; said I, For a dram for a gentlewoman that came in a little time ago: After I came back, my master went to the closet, and said he missed his waistcoat, I said, no body had been there but that gentlewoman, (she was drest very well or I would not have gone out for her.) When she got up the waistcoat hung down longer than her cloak from under her arm, and my master took it from her : she went to run out from him and he stop'd her; she said she would give him a crown not to expose her, but he did not let her go; then the neighbours came in and they took her up.
Q. How old are you?
Burk . I am almost 13 years old.
Prisoner's defence. The prosecutor is indebted to a gentlewoman in the city; she desired me to call upon him, when I was there he lock'd me into his room, and said if I would not let him lie with me, he would take my life away; and when he found I would not let him, he said he would have satisfaction on me some way or other.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


