





148. 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Brockley 
                  



               
            , of Paddington


, was indicted for 


               stealing 3 Sheets, 2 Bolster-Cases, and 2 Pillow-Cases
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Baker 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Prouse 
                  



                
            , February 8
.


                  Frances 
                  Baker 
               



            . My Sister having lost a Pair of 
               
                  Tabby 
                  Stays 
               



            , insisted upon searching the Prisoner's Box, and found the Things mentioned in the Indictment; the Marks are cut out of all except one Sheet: Mr Baker and Mr Prouse are Partners in Trade, and the Linnen belongs to both; the Prisoner owned she took them out of the dark Closet and cut the Names out.


                  Mary 
                  Prouse 
               



            . I told the Prisoner I had missed some Things, and to prevent Disputes the best way was to search her Box; I took hold of some Sheets, which had my Brother's Name upon them; said I, Catherine you had these Sheets out of the dark Closet: Said she, Pray, Madam, do not let my Master and Mistress know it: Said I, Catherine take your Things and go about your Business; (she was a very good Servant) she fell down on her Knees and desired I would forgive her, and said, she never did such a Thing before and never would again; - We are Sisters, the Prosecutors are Brothers-in-law.
Prisoner. Madam, was not I a good Servant
?


                  Mary 
                  Prouse 
               



            . Yes; but you were far from being honest; we took her without a Character.
Prisoner. This is the first Fact; I never did so before. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


