





131. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Skarrett 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint mug, value 31 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Broome 
                  




                
            , January 26
.


                  John 
                  Broome 
               



             . The Prisoner came into my house the 26th of January last between four and five o'clock, called for a mug of beer, and went away with the mug, and was detected presently afterwards .


                  Henry 
                  Brooks 
               



            . On the twenty-sixth instant I was at a publick-house, and they said that 
               
                  George 
                  Skarrett 
               



             was just gone by with a mug, which they supposed to be silver, so drunk, that he could hardly stand; he went into an entry, and endeavoured to put it into his pocket. This is the mug. I asked him whose it was, and he said it was his. The Prisoner is a silver-smith, and I did not know but he might have it to do something to; I looked at it , and found no fault but a bruise on the side; and I suppose he hit it against something, in order to get it into his pocket. I saw a Castle upon it, and I went to Mr. Broome's, who keeps the Castle at Cow-Cross


, and he went and fetched the fellow to it. This is the identical mug I took from the Prisoner.
Mr. Broome. This is my mug.
Mr. Green (Constable.) This mug was delivered to me at Justice Poulson's, and he ordered me to keep it till it was called for.
Q. You did not see it in the custody of the Prisoner?
Green. No.
Prisoner. I did not hit it against any thing to bruise it, but I run against a post and bruised it . I did not know whether it was silver or pewter.
Q. How came you to bring the mug out of the house?
Pris. I was going home with a pint of beer in it, and was very drunk.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


