





247. 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Hurst 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Cloth Coat, Value 3 l. a Scarlet Duffil Joseph , two Pair of Breeches, a 
                     
                        Lawn 
                        Apron 
                     



                  , two Linnen Handkerchiefs, two Pair of Linnen Sleeves
            , the Goods of 
               
                  Mr.
                   Pollen
               




             in Great Russel-Street


, the 10th of June
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Pollen 
               



             .) What have you to say against the Prisoner at the Bar?
Pollen. The Prisoner liv'd with us about seven Weeks as a Servant
; she was House-Maid.
Q. When was it she came to you?
Pollen. The 23d of April .
Q. Madam , did you lose any thing?
Pollen. I lost many Things; a black Coat of my Husband's, a 
               
                  Joseph Scarlet 
                  Duffil 
               



             which was mine, a Linnen Apron, two Handkerchiefs, two Holland Shifts , six pair of Cotton Stockings, two Pair of Shirt Sleeves.
Q. You lost all these Things; do you know who took them?
Pollen. I tax'd every other Servant; I thought I had great Reason to suspect the Cook: About a Months afterwards I discharg'd two Servants upon her Account. The Way we first miss'd them was this; Mr. Pollen wanted his black Coat; the Person that went up to the Press for it could not find it, and upon Search, my Joseph , that was in the same Place , was not there; we sent out to Monmouth-street to the Taylor; he made Enquiry n the same Street , and traced the Matter out: When the Person that bought the Coat of her saw her, he knew her again; she then told me the Person she had pawn'd the Joseph to; we found several Things in her Box, and this Handkerchief I found upon her Neck, which I am positive of.
Q. Is there a Mark upon it?
Pollen. No, my Lord; but 'tis my own Work, and I know it.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner.) Will you ask your Mistress any Question?
Prisoner. I won't plead 'till I have my Clothes deliver'd.
Pollen. The Prisoner gave me an Order to deliver them to her Sister at Justice Smith's, but Mr. Smith did not care to take them.
Court. Whether you are guilty or acquitted, you will be intitled to your Clothes again.
Prisoner. There were two Pair of Holland Sleeves that she said was her's , and two Pair of Sleeves, they are mine; as to the two colour'd Handkerchiefs , they never were her's.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Bradock 
               



             ) What do you know of this Affair?
Bradock. I know this to be 'Squire Pollen's Coat and Breeches.
Q. How came you by them?
Bradock . When they sent to me, they said the Things must either be pawn'd or sold; I recollector about a Fornight before this there was such a Coat offer'd to me, which I was certain was Mr. Pollen's Coat; my Son had it from Mr. Harris's, at the Wheat-Sheaf; I went to Mr. Harris myself; he said, I don't take it at all amiss, if you can find it out; he was for having a warrant for to take up the Man that sold him the Coat. I went to the Man, and he said he bought it of those that bought it of the Thief.
Q. Was you present when she own'd it?

Bradock . I was present before the Justice when she own'd it; she said she sold the Coat for 13 s. and 6 d.
Q. Had you the Coat before Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  De Veil 
               



             ?
Bradock. Yes, Sir.
Q. What did she say concerning the Breeches?
Bradock. She told us the Breeches were at Mr. Grange's , at the Cross-Keys in Holbourn; that she sold them with the Joseph.
Q. What is that Person that she sold them to?
Bradock. He keeps a Sale-Shop .
Q. What did she sell them for?
Bradock. For 20 s.


                  Q. 
               


            ( to the Prisoner. ) Have you any Witnesses ?
Prisoner . No, my Lord.



               Guilty
             .




[Transportation. See summary.]


