





+ 48. 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Harvey 
                  



               
             , of St. Buttolph without Aldgate


, was indicted for 


               stealing three brilliant Diamonds, Value 50 s. and one Pearl, Value 5 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Godfrey 
                        




                      
                  , in the Dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Carey 
               



            , Aug. 28
.


                  John 
                  Godfrey 
               



            . The Prisoner nursed my Wife in her Lying-in; she came to me the 13th of August ; on Sunday the 28th of August I went to a little Box, I always keep locked in my Bed-chamber, in which I keep my Diamonds; the Bottom was in one Place, and the Lid in another; I missed three Diamonds and a Pearl; I had the Room swept, I did not know but I might have taken them up with my Feet; I searched all about for them, and the Prisoner lighted me all the while. Says she, I don't know but I may have put them among the Ashes, I have thrown some Ashes into the Street; we went down into the Street, I grabbled in the Ashes, but could not find them, which made me very uneasy; I could not charge any Body with them, for I did not know who had been at my Box. I had given them over for some Time, and knew nothing of them till I heard they were offered to a Goldsmith in Whitechapel; so I took the Prisoner up, carried her before Justice Oxenford , of the Tower Liberty , and she made an ample Confession of the Fact, and said, she would make me Restitution for them. I went to the Goldsmith's, to search for them, and it fell out very unlucky, that I could not search for them, on Account of his being dead.
Blanch Flower. The Prisoner lived in the same House with me at the Field-Gate in Whitechapel; she asked me to go with her one Day, about nine or ten Weeks ago, to sell three Diamonds and a Pearl. I went over the Way with her to Mr. Gray's a Goldsmith, and she gave them into the Boy's Hand; he said, there was no body in the way to look at them; but, he said, you may leave them, and call again - She told me, they were a Jew Gentleman's Cook-maid's.


                  Ann 
                  Hayes 
               



            . She said they were a Jew Gentleman's; she showed them to me in a paper. 


               Guilty, 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


