





27. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Sprightly 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Dimity Petticoat, value 4 s. one Linnen Sheet, one Table cloth, three Linnen Handkerchiefs, and two coloured Aprons, &c. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Wilkins 
                        



                      
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Lily 
                           Cameron 
                        



                      
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dudley 
                        



                      
                  , Esq
; out of the Lodgings
             of 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Howard 
               



            . November 8
.
Q. to 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Howard 
               



            . Do you know the Prisoner? What is her Business?
Howard. Sir, when I was acquainted with her, she worked Plain-work for a Gentlewoman; she took these Things from me.
Court. See if this be that Dimity Petticoat.
Q. Where were these Goods?
Howard. I had them to wash.
Q. Who gave you them to wash?
Howard. The Lady Dudley.
Q. What is she a married Lady?
Howard. Yes, her Husband is Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Dudley 
               



             : the Dimity Petticoat and the Table-cloth are Sir William Dudley's.
Q. Who gave them to you?
Howard. The Lady Dudley's Woman gave them to me the Week that they were taken from me, on Saturday the 8th of November, the Petticoat, Table-cloth, and the Sheet.
Q. Where did you put them? Or, where did you lose them?
Howard. They were drying in the Garret.
Q. How long was it ago that you missed them?
Howard. Sir, I lodge up two Pair of Stairs, and I heard the Prisoner go down Stairs, and I looked out at the Window, and saw her go out with the Things.
Q. When did you take the Things on her?
Howard. When I saw her go out, I saw the Handkerchief that I thought was Esquire Dudley's, and I went after her.
Q. And when or where did you take her?
Howard. I overtook her in Cross-street; and those two Gentlemen, Pierce and Wilkinson, they assisted me to take her, and found these things upon her; here are two coloured Aprons.
Q. Whose are these?
Howard. One of them belongs to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Wilkins 
               



            , and the other to 
               
                  Lily 
                  Cameron 
               



            .

Q to the Prisoner. Will you ask 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Howard 
               



             any Questions?
Prisoner. No.
Q to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Pierce 
               



            . What do you know of these Goods?
Pierce. I am Foreman to one Mr Cross, a Plumber; at a Publick-House we use, we were going to Dinner the 8th of November, while we were there we were washing our Hands; the Prosecutor run down Stairs, crying, She was robbed. Seeing of her run out after the Prisoner, I ran after her, and one of my Fellow Servants, 
               
                  John 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            , I ran before the Prosecutor and seized the Prisoner, and seized this Bundle. I led her to the Publick-House, and had her into a little Room, and would not let any Body meddle with her, till we sent for a Constable to see the things; so we turned them out one by one.
Q. Was Wilkinson with you?
Pierce. Yes, my Lord.
Q. How did you know the Prisoner?
Pierce. I was in Sight of her as soon as I went out at the Door.
Q. to the Prisoner. Will you ask this Witness any Questions?
Prisoner No.


                  John 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            . Please ye, my Lord, I was a going to Dinner; as we went into the House, this Woman comes running down, and said she was robbed, and she wanted Assistance, so we run out, as the above Witness has declared.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


