





102. + 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  White , otherwise 
Wilks




            , of St. Botolph Aldgate


, in Middlesex, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 50 s. and three shillings and six-pence in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Parke 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , October 18
.


                  Richard 
                  Parke 
               



            . I am a shoemaker
; on the 18th of October, about five o'clock in the evening, I was going to buy some leather - I was a little in liquor I must own, but not so bad but I knew what I did. As I was going along Leadenhall-street, the Prisoner came and walked Check by Jole with me; we went to King-street


 by Tower-hill


; then she said she was my cousin, and asked me to go home with her. I said I was resolved I would go and see how my new cousin lived, and I went home with her. I asked her what she would drink. She said she would have a pot of hot, and she asked for the money beforehand. I gave the Prisoner a shilling for the hot pot, I drank once, and she bid me drink heartily, but I would drink no more. Then I was talking of going home. When she heard me talk of going home, she let the bed down, and the bed's feet touched the chair I sat upon. Then I got up, and thought I had better have got into better company than this, and insisted upon going home. She asked what it was o'clock. I pulled out my watch, and said it was just turned of five. I put my watch into a deep side-pocket, string and all: then I insisted upon going home, and I said I would go home. She said, No, I should not; I should have another full pot of hot. I said, I would not have any more. Then she said herself down upon the bed, and pulled her clothes up; and I laid myself down upon her. I was no sooner upon her, but her hands began to be at work; they were soon in my pockets, and that soon cooled my courage, for I had not much then. Said I, Madam, what business has your hand in my pocket? Then she drew her hand out, I took hold of her hand to open it, to see what she had got; and while I was seeing whether she had got the watch, she drew the watch out with her left hand.
Q. Did you feel the watch going out?
Parke. Yes, I did; which made me look that way. I saw a bit of the string in her left hand, but I can't say I saw the watch: she took my money with the right hand - the money was in my left hand pocket, and my watch in my right hand pocket: as soon as I saw her hand draw back, I took hold of her right hand, and endeavoured to force it open.
Q. Did you feel her hand in your pocket?
Parke. I can't say I did, but I felt it groping about my breeches.
Q. Which was drawn out first, the watch, or the money?
Parke. The money was drawn out first.
Q. Did you wrench her hand open?
Parke. I got one of her fingers open so far, that I could see the edge of a half-crown, and touched it; but before I could get the money out of her hand, she with her left hand took my watch - I had half a crown and two shillings in my pocket; one of them I gave for the hot pot, and then I had three shillings and six-pence left. I asked her where my watch and money were. She said my watch was dropped down by the side of the bed, and my money was upon the bed. She said, let me get up; and as I was in a strange place I was afraid, and let her get up; and she being cunninger than I, and more roguish than I, and a strong lusty woman, she pushed me down upon the bed; I had my breeches to put up then, and while I was doing that, she made off both with my watch and money - the door was shut, and a chair set against it - it was at the desire of her servant that I prosecuted her; for she said, it was a pity she should not be prosecuted. I did not design to have fought after her, but if I had met with her, I would have taken her up.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I was servant to the Prisoner in East Smithfield; she gave me a shilling a week to go out with her with earthen ware. One Thursday night, about six weeks ago, she brought the Prosecutor into her own house; I went for a pot of hot, and sat it down upon the table: the man said he must go, she desired him to stay a little longer, and asked him what it was o'clock. He pulled his watch out, and said it was between five and six. Then I went out of the room, and left them by themselves; he shut the door, and set a chair against it. In a little time I heard the man cry out; he said, she had got his money and watch. She said, she had not. Said he, Huffs, you have got the money in your hand now. I see the glimpse of a half-crown, says she; let me get up, for your money is upon the bed, and your watch is dropped down by the bed-side. I was frightened, and went to the end of the court. I staid there about two or three minutes, and she came running out with her hat and cloak in her hand. I asked her where she was going. She said she was going to the Blue Anchor for a pot of beer for her cousin and she. I asked her whether she had given the man his watch and money. She said she found the money upon the quilt, and the watch was by the side of the bed. She went away, and hid herself somewhere; and between twelve and one she knocked at the door, her husband was along with her; she asked me whether the man made a noise about his watch. I said, Yes, he did. She sat down by the fire-side, pulled the watch out, and gave it to 
               
                  Harry 
                  White 
               



             her husband. Then she went out again. Two days afterwards the man came about his watch; (they sold the goods off upon this account, and went away). I went to find her out, and found her at one Gore's in Broad St. Giles's. Then I went to the Prosecutor, and acquainted him where she was, (for he had left me a note where to find him.) They were taken up, 
               
                  Harry 
                  White 
               



             was sent to Bridewell, and she to New-prison.
Prisoner. I don't know her. I have witnesses to swear, that I was sick in bed at that time, and that I never lived nor lodged in that place. Her mother is a common prostitute, and she is a very wicked girl, and has been so these six years.
Parke. When she was at the Justice's, she run after the girl, and said, You b - h, I'll stick you; have not I given you shoes and stockings, and clothes; and have you done this for me?


                  Frances 
                  King 
               



            . The Prisoner is a very honest person, she rises up early, and takes a great of pains to get her bread, she was sick of a fever and ague at that time, I live in Broad St. Giles's, I buy and sell things at market, she lodged in my house a month before this goodman [the prosecutor] came to take her out of the house. [she was committed the 23d of October.]
Q. Had she a house in East Smithfield?
Kinge. I believe she never had a house in her life, she was not capable of keeping one.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Avery 
               



            . I have known the prisoner between 8 and 9 years, she goes out to market early and sometimes lays out 10 or 30 s. in a morning, I never saw any harm of her, or that she was any ways quarrelsom and never saw any fellows come after her. I heard the girl [Spencer] say on Saturday in this yard to her uncle that she was afraid to go into court about this watch, and he said, don't be afraid for if I receive the reward you shall be cloathed from head to foot, and I heard the prosecutor say this day that he bought her shoes and stockings on purpose to come here.
Dinab Hagan. I heard the prosecutor say on Saturday, that he took the girl out of a baudy house and bought her shoes and stockings to come to be an evidence.
Parke. The girl had hardly a shoe or a stocking to her feet and I was forced to buy her some or she could not have come here, but as to taking her out of a baudy house I did not. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


