





59. 
               
                  Lancelot 
                  Barrot 
               



            , late of London


, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint mug, val. 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jasper 
                     Fetchen 
                  




                
            , Nov. 30
.


                  Jasper 
                  Fetchen 
               



            . After I had dined, the 30th of last month, and went out, and coming home between four and five o'clock in the evening, I saw a crowd about my door. I asked the reason of it, and was answered, there had been a person at my house, under a pretence of seeing some rooms which I had to let, and that he had stole a silver pint mug.


                  Mary 
                  Jarret 
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Fetchen. On the 30th of Nov. I was talking with a gentlewoman at our door, the prisoner seeing a bill put up (lodgings to let) he came and asked me what lodgings; I told him a first and second floor unfurnished, all to be let together. He desired to see them; he went up stairs, and I followed him. He saw the rooms, and went down again, and said he lik'd the apartment very well. He cheapened them. I told him my master could let them for 25 l a year. He said the person he came from would not grudge that money. He put his hand upon the lock, and opened the fore parlour door. and went in, and I followed him. He asked whether there was any body belonging to the house at home. He likewise asked me if there was any body living in the house who belonged to the silversmith trade; saying, they were very disturbing. Then he asked me for a pen, ink, and paper; I told him my master had got them out with him. He asked me to get him a pencil; I told him I could not find one. He pulled out a pocket book, and desired me to look about, but I did not go out of the room. Then he asked me for some small beer, I told him we had none. He begged for God's sake for a glass of water; so I went down stairs, and heard him move from out of the fore parlour into the back parlour; I flew up again with the water in my hand, and as I was coming up I saw him thrust something into his left side under his coat.
Q. How far did you go for the water?
Jerrat : But just to the bottom of the stairs. He took the water out of my hand, and as he was drinking it, I clapped my hand on his left breast, and asked him what he had got there. He gave me the glass, and put his hand to my throat, and swore an oath, and bid me let him go.
Q. Did he hurt you with his hand ?
Jerrat. I cannot say he hurt me much; I let him go, and as he was going by, I put my head out of the fore parlour, and cry'd out stop thief; when he saw my head out at the window, he turn'd side way to me, and said, will you, will you do it? Then I bolted the parlour-door, left he should come in again; then he went off, I am sure the Prisoner at the bar is the very person, his face is remarkable to be known.


                  Henry 
                  Munk 
               



            . I was going through the street when this thing happen'd, I saw the Prisoner go from Mr. Fetchen's house, he came out in a violent hurry, and ran down the street as hard as he could; I hearing the cry of stop thief, and seeing nobody run after him, I ran myself, I followed him to a house where he went into.
Q. Did you see him all the way he ran ?
Munk. I once lost sight of him, but soon got sight of him again; and he would often as he run put it farther under his coat; he sometimes turn'd about to see who followed him; then I could see something like pewter or silver in his bosom : I am sure this is the same person; this was about half an hour after three o'clock in the afternoon, Nov. 30.
Q. How far is it from Mr. Fetchen's house to where you saw the Prisoner go in?
Munk. It is better than half a mile.


                  William 
                  Hockley 
               



            . I was smoaking a pipe at my own door, about the same time before mentioned, on Nov. 30. and the Prisoner at the bar came hastily up to me, and ask'd for Mrs. Pearoe, a young woman that lodges in my house, and he went up stairs, and stay'd a little time and then came down.


                  Mary 
                  Peares 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner about a 12 month; I remember his coming the 30th of Nov. about four o'clock, he came up to ask me how I did; I said how do you do, Mr. Barret, what makes you come in such a hurry? said he, I had a little business this way, so I call'd to ask you how you did.
Q. Did you see any thing he had got in his coat?
Peares. I perceived something of a little bundle; it was wrapp'd in a silk handkerchief much in the form of a pint-pot; he staid the value of seven or eight minutes, and then went away.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


