





222. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Mackgraw 
                  



               
            , of St. Peter, Cornhill


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Gold Ring, val. 8 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Evenden 
                  




                
            , March 7
.


                  Ann 
                  Evenden 
               



            . The Prisoner at the Bar, and another Man, came to my House in Sugerloaf-Court, in Bishopsgate-Street


, the 7th of March, about half an Hour after Two in the Afternoon, in Sailors Habits, and great Staves in their Hands, and called for a Tankard of Beer; I sent them a Full-pot, because I did not know them; they came into the Kitchen, I desired them to go into the publick Room, Mackgraw, said he would take it standing; said I, Take it standing, or sitting, I do not care which, if you will but go into the publick Room; the other that was with him, went into the Drinking-Room first, and the Prisoner followed after; they had staid there about twelve Minutes, or a quarter of an Hour, Mackgraw came into the Kitchen, and asked for Change for a Shilling; he felt in his Pocket, and then unbuttoned his Trowsers, and said, sure he should have a Shilling, and sell a swearing and cursing prodigiously, and he was so impudent in unbuttoning his Trowsers and Breeches, that I was obliged to turn my Head to the Fire-Side: After that, he threw me down a Six-Pence that was a naughty one, I refused it, he snatched it out of my Hand, and then gave me another, which was a naughty one, and I refused that; then he threw down a Shilling, I put that into my Pocket, and gave him Nine-Pence; I laid it upon my Hand, in this Manner, (holding her Hand out quite open) said I, Friend, here is Nine-Pence, the Money lay flat in my Hand, and he took hold of my Hand so hard in taking the Nine-Pence out of my Hand, that he dragged the Gold Ring off my Finger along with it; and he tore my Fingers with such Violence, that it put me to a great deal of Pain, and I called out for help, and said, The Fellow has got my Ring off my Finger; he clapped his Hand up to his Mouth, and said, I have not got your Ring; d - n you, you may search me if you will? Said I, it does not signify any thing searching you, for you have got it in your Mouth, or else have swallowed it. - We did not find it upon him, for he had it in his Mouth to be sure.
Q. Are you sure, when you held out your Hand to give him Change, that the Ring was upon your Finger?
Evenden. Yes, I am sure of it; that at the Time the Money was in my Hand the Ring was upon my Finger; I had not had my Ring off for six Years, and the Blisters which he raised upon my Hand, did not break for several Weeks afterwards; he hurt me very much in the doing it.


                  Thomas 
                  Thorp 
               



            . I was in Mrs Evenden's House, when the Prisoner and another Man came in, and called for a Tankard of Beer, they went into the Kitchen, and she desired them to go into the Drinking-Room, which they did; in a short Time, the Prisoner went into the Kitchen, and called for Change, (I was by the Fire-Side) said the Gentlewoman, You have given me a French Six-Pence; he pulled out another, and that was a French Six-Pence, by and by he pulled out a Shilling and threw it down; (I did not see it only heard it) then the Gentlewoman said, Here, Friend, here's your Nine-pence; she called out presently, Mr. Thorp, Mr. Thorp, he has got the Ring off my Finger; I came up presently to her Assistance, and went to searching of the Man, but could find nothing of it.


                  John 
                  Fellows 
               



            . I was in this Gentlewoman House, drinking a Pot of Beer by the Fire-Side, when the Prisoner and another Man came in; I saw them whisper together, but could not tell what they said; he went into the Kitchen and called for Change, and I heard her say, he had given her a French Six-Pence, she gave it him again, and he gave her another; she said, that was worse than the other; he wrapp'd out a great Oath and said, she did not know good Money; presently I heard her cry out, he had got the Ring off her Finger, I went to her Assistance, and she shewed me the Marks of Violence upon her Finger, which were caus'd by taking the Ring from her.
Prisoner. I am as innocent as the Child unborn; I am a Stranger here; I have no Friends or Witnesses; I leave myself to the Court and the Jury. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


