





132. + 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Lovat 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight Guineas, and two Half Guineas, and nine Pounds in Silver, out of a Stable
             belonging to His Majesty at Westminster Horse-yard


, the Property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Gittings 
                  




                
            , February 8
.
Q. to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Gittings 
               



            . Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar?
Gittings. The first Time I saw the Prisoner at the Bar, was the 5th of February: he came into the Stable, his Majesty sent and ordered for the Officers Horses to be got ready; a Serjeant then desired me to give him Change for a Guinea, I said, Sir, I believe I can do it, upon that I opened the Chest, where I put the Books and other things, and I pulled out 5 l. in Silver, in an Handkerchief, upon this, the Prisoner see me put up this Handkerchief; when I had so done, the Prisoner stayed all the Afternoon, pro and con, alter I had given the Serjeant Change: upon seeing this Silver put into the Chest, he staid with me the Afternoon, came again the next Morning, and brought with him some little Books, which he took in by Subscription; he went away again till Saturday, between seven and eight o'Clock, the next Morning about Six, when I came to the Stable I saw the Prisoner, who said he had been robbed, his Coat and his Hat taken off, and 15 s. taken out of his Pocket; upon this I said, my Lad, I am afraid you keep ill Company; Sir, says he, I don't keep ill Company. I accidently left my Key in my Chest, left it for about eight Minutes; when I returned and saw it, I thought I was a Fool for it; I opened it and found the Bag taken away, and the Money gone; I called out and said, What is become of that Lad? they said he was just gone out; I said which way did he go, I was afraid he had robbed me of such and such Money, at last we heard at Westminster-bridge that he was gone down the River Thomes, we searched all about the Borough, and at St James's, there we heard his Name was Lovat, and his Father and Mother lived in Duke-street; we heard of him again in the Evening, that he had landed at Westminster-bridge, that he had been at the Alehouse going to the Bridge, I think, the Magpye; he came into the City, and bought him a new Suit of Clothes: With this, a Waterman that was with him, came the next Day, and told me he had been at Supper with him, at the Horn Tavern. I heard of his being gone to Windsor; I pursued him there, and found him in Pescot street, Windsor. With that I brought him to the Bell and Castle, and I goes to Mr Mayor, and sends for an Officer. When I met the Prisoner, I said to him, Your Servant, Sir; I am glad to see you at Windsor. Sir, says he, I never saw you. I said, to my Sorrow, I saw you at the Horse-yard, so soon. He told me, he would make a free and ample Confession, if I would not hang him. I then called his Name 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hamilton 
               



            : I said, Lad, they tell me your Name is Lovat; then he cried, and said it was; and that he had been seduced by ill Company, and had lived a Month without Bed or Board. I saw him make the Confession before the Mayor, and signed 
               
                  Henry 
                  Lovat 
               



            , as follows.

[The Examination and Confession of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Lovat 
               



            , taken the 8th of February. This Examinant confessed, that between Eight and Nine o'Clock he found the Chest in the Officer's Stable in the Horse yard, Westminster, unlocked; that he took out from thence Eight Guineas, Two Half Guineas, and Nine Pounds in Silver, and carried away the said Money, &c.]
Prisoner. Please ye, my Lord, that Confession was extorted from me.
Gittings. The Confession was no ways extorted, but a free and voluntary Act.
Prisoner. My Lord, they told me that what I signed was a Minute.
Q. to the Prisoner. Will you ask the Witness any Questions.
Prisoner. Did I say I bought a Watch with Part of the Money?
Gittings. You told me you bought a Watch with Part of the Money, and the Watch and Money was delivered to Mr Terry, the Constable.
The Prisoner had no Witness to his Character, or to contradict the Evidence.



               Guilty
             of the Indictment.
[ The Prisoner seemed to be but about fourteen years of Age, a very sensible, likely Youth.]




[Transportation. See summary.]


