





368. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bothaw 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 21 pounds of Mace, value 20 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hayter 
                  




                
            , merchant
, August 10
.


                  William 
                  Clack 
               



            . I act in the office of a constable at the water-side. I went in search of this box, and found it at the Prisoner's lodging, Mrs. Plaistow's , in White's-yard in Rosemary-lane.

William Gold burne . Last Friday was a month, I saw the Prisoner go up the dark gate-way by Galley-Key, with this box under his left arm: about 10 or 15 minutes after, I met a woman in Thames-street with the same box. A few minutes after, I saw the Prisoner with Mr. Mead and Mr. Addison at the water-side; and they desired the box might be sent back again, and promised him favour. Said I, Bothaw, receive mery while you can - and he made reply, You black-guard dog, what business is it of yours? I went to the woman's house whom I saw with it under her arm, and found it in her room, under the rug upon the bed: And some people will scandalize me about it, with being a thief-taker, but I am sure I am not, for I want no reward - I knew the woman before, by her sitting with others and things upon the Keys ; and got information concerning it by a neighbour of hers in White's-yard, who saw her carry it into the house, after I had waited 2 or 3 hours at the door. - The Prisoner worked upon the Keys.


                  William 
                  Hayter 
               



            . I had two boxes of mace sent me by the Queen of Hungary. One was 
               
                  N. 
               


            3. the other 
               
                  N. 
               


            4.


                  John 
                  Wheeler 
               



            . Those boxes were landed near the custom-house for Mr. Hayter; and one of them was lost. One was 21 pound Dutch weight, and the other 19 pound and a half.


                  Matthew 
                  Mead 
               



            . On the 10th of August, I entered 3 small pieces in the name of Mr. Hayter, and ordered them to lye upon the Keys; and when I came to enquire for them, one of the boxes was missing. - When the Prisoner was before Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Willimott 
               



            , he fell down on his knees, asked pardon, and told us where it was; and it was found by his direction. - I know this is the box that was stolen, because I sealed it with my seal.


                  Mary 
                  Colburne 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 26 years, and never knew but that he bore a good character.


                  Arthur 
                  Pertt 
               



            . The Prisoner served his Time with me. I know him to be an honest man, and that he has been so all his life-time. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


