





131. 
               
                  
                     Vincent 
                     Symonds 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Feather-bed, two Pillows, six Woollen Blankets, four Camblet Bed-Curtains, three Camblet Window-Curtains, &c. out of the Dwelling-House
             of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dingley 
               



            , the Goods and Chattels of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Meade 
                  




                
            , Esq
; January 26
.
Q. to 
               
                  William 
                  Meade 
               



            , Esq; Will you give an Account of what you know in Relation to the Fact charged upon the Prisoner?
Mr Meade. On the 26th of January last, about eight o'Clock in the Morning, I was told that Mr Dingley's House was broke open and robbed; upon that I goes directly to see what was taken out of the House; I went over, and the first Room I came into, that I call the Red-bed-chamber (I let this House to Mr Dingley) I missed a Feather bed, two Pillows, three Blankets, a Bed-quilt, and four Camblet Bedcurtains, and two Harateen Window-curtains.
Court. You say you let this House to Mr Dingley ?
Mr Meade. Yes, my Lord, he had it for three Years, from Year to Year.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner's having these Things?
Mr Meade. Yes, my Lord.
Court. You don't know any thing particularly, whether this House was located or fastened, but as you have been told?
Mr Meade. I know as much as this, my Lord, I found it open, and it used to be locked.
Q. Did you observe any Marks of Violence on the Door?
Mr Meade. No, my Lord; there is a great old Peartree at the Side of the House: I apprehend he came upon that Tree, and got in at a little Window at the Side of it; for I found the wooden Bar of that little Window broke.
Q. Do you know any thing concerning these Goods?
Mr Meade. It was noised about that Mr Dingley's House was broke open; it was my Servant found the Goods in the Prisoner's House.
Q. To the Prisoner. Will you ask Mr Meade any Questions ?
Prisoner. I beg to know whether he can swear to that Blanket the Bed was wrapped in; it is very hard that the Blanket should be sworn to amongst the rest, which I bought in May last.

Q. to 
               
                  William 
                  Ashly 
               



            . What is it you know in relation to the breaking open Mr Dingley's House, and stealing Goods from thence?
Ashely. Mr Dingley's Man, Thomas Clark the Gardener, called me over, and said, I believe the House is broke open: He said, let us look in the House; so I went directly, and there I found the Bed, Blanket, and all those Things Master has mentioned, gone out of the House.
Q. What Bed was it?
Ashly. It was a large Feather-bed, with a brown Ticking; there were all the Pillows gone, put into a Sack.
Q. Did you miss any Blankets?
Ashly. Yes, my Lord; I am sure we missed three, and a Bed-curtain too.
Q. What were those in the Bed room ?
Ashly. In the Bed room the Curtain was taken away, and the Feather-bed.
Q. Was there any Blankets out of the other Room missing?
Ashly. I believe there was, my Lord; but I cannot speak so particularly as to them.
Q. Do you know any thing of these Goods since?
Ashly. My Lord, I found the Feather-bed in the Prisoner's House.
Q. Where?
Ashly. In Warden-lane, in Thistleworth.
Q. Did you find any thing else?
Ashly. He had taken the Feathers out of his own Bed, and put my Master's Feathers and Tick in his Sack: I can swear that was my Master's Bed.
Q. Did you find any thing else there?
Ashly. I know only of the Feather bed and Blankets; a large fine white good Blanket.
Q. Where was that large fine white Blanket?
Ashly. On the top of the Bed; the Bed was made, and he had put it upon the top of my Master's Bed.
Q. Was the Prisoner present, when you seized these Things in the Sack ?
Ashly. No, my Lord; he was run away.
Q. How came you to say that was your Master's Blanket ?
Ashly. I don't know directly; but I can swear to the Bed.
Court. Then you cannot swear positively to the Blanket's being your Master's Blanket.
Ashly. I cannot swear to it, but it was like it.
Q. Do you know the Value of the Bed?
Ashly. It was a very large one; I believe it might be worth 3 l. but I am no Judge of the Value.
Q. to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Roads 
               



            . What do you know of the Matter ?
Roads. On the 27th of January last, I went up to Hounslow on a little Business, and I went with a Friend to the Crown to drink a Glass of Beer, and they were talking of a Gentleman's House being robbed, and several such Sort of Goods stole, as have been mentioned. Mr - that keeps the Rose and Crown, the Post-house; he was saying there was a Man came up the Lane, by his House, with a Wrapper of Goods, about Six o'Clock in the Morning; he said he pitched them upon the R before his House; he said to him, Does the Windsor Caravan stop at your House? Says he, I have these Things to send to London: He told him, it did not. With that I said I would go up to the Red-Lion, to see whether this Wrapper or Goods were gone; by that Means, perhaps, we shall trace it out. So I enquired if there was not a little Man came there yesterday Morning. Says the Landlord, there was a Man brought a Sack with some Goods in it. I asked where it was: He said it was not gone, his Hostler forgot to give it the Caravan; so I opened it, and I saw in it there was a Blanket tied a cross, and I examined farther; and there was another Blanket, &c. So I said to the Landlord, I would have you carry them into your Chamber, and if any body comes after them. I would have you stop them. So I acquainted Mr Meade with it, and he dispatched one of his Servants to see if they were his Goods. When we came again to the Red Lion, where the Goods were left, we heard the Prisoner had been there to see after the Sack of Goods left on Monday Morning; he wondered they did not fond them, for he had been at London, and they were not come: They were directed to be left at one 
               
                  William 
                  Barber 
               



            's, in Piccadilly. Then we went in Pursuit of this Man the Prisoner; his Wife gave us Intelligence, that we should find him in such and such Places in London, but could not light of him. Then we heard that he was gone to Gravesend: We went there, but we could not find him. On Saturday was Fortnight there was a Woman to nurse his Wife in her lying in; and she told me he was to be at her House on Saturday Night late, or on Sunday Morning: So we waited till Seven o'Clock in the Morning; we waited till the Fore-door was open. I said, now is the time, let us go. So I drew my Hanger, and put it under my Coat; so his Wife asked who was there: I told his Wife I had a Letter for him: I said I came from a Woman the Nurse down at Thistleworth: I heard the Child say, Mamme, and Dadde; then I thought I was sure of him. I said to his Wife, where is your Husband? She said, he is not here. I said, I had heard the Child cry Dadde; so I examined the Bed, and looked at the Feet of the Bed, and I saw his Clothes; I put my Hanger under the Bed, and said I would cut him if he did not come out; so I touched him at his Neck, and 
               
                  drew 
                  Blood 
               



            ; he said, Don't kill me, don't hurt me, I am a dead Man; says I, I won't hurt you; but if you put up your Hand to do any Thing, I'll cut it off; he was in his Shirt; he said when he was dressing, I wonder such a Man as you should turn Thief-catcher. I said I would have gone a thousand Mile to apprehend such a Rogue as you, you have committed many Robberies; he said if he had Pistol he would have shot me dead; I said, would you have shot me that am an innocent Man? he said, my Life is as dear to me as your's, and I would have shot you dead: he confessed that he had sewed the Feather bed, and that he was in a great Passion with his Wife, that she did not let him have the Thread soon enough.
Q. to the Prisoner. Would you ask any Questions of this Witness?
Prisoner. My Lord, I know he is a foresworn Wretch; he said for the Sake of the Reward he would go all over the World to catch Thieves. I told him before the Justice I did not break the House open, and I told him who it was I had a Suspicion of, because they brought the Goods to me, and I would have made myself the King's Evidence, but the Justice would not admit me.
Roads. He did deny the Robbery when I took him.


                  James 
                  Hobbs 
               



            . About the 26th of January, I was going to work betimes in the Morning; I met the Prisoner with a Sack upon his Shoulder, but what he had in it, I could not tell: on the 27th I went up to Hounslow along with Mr Meade's Man, and saw it opened, that I suppose was the same.
Q. Are you sure it is the same?
Hobbs. I can't say that.
Q. Does the Prisoner live at Hounslow ?
Hobbs. He lived in Warden lane just by me.
Q. Was you in the House when the Man found the Bed and the white Blanket that was found with the Prisoner.
Hobbs. Yes, my Lord.
Q. Do you know any thing farther?
Hobbs. I saw the Quilt and Blankets shot out of the Sack.
Q. Who was that Sack showed to?
Hobbs. It was carried up before the Justice; when there was a Report of the House being robbed, he persuaded me to say it was some Wood he had carried in that Sack; I told him to go Home and consult his Pillow, and not be ruled by any Body; when he went from my House, he said it was better to hear the Birds sing than the Mice squeek.
Q. to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hitherington 
               



            . Did you receive the Sack.
Hitherington. I received the Sack with these Goods in it, to be sent by the Maidenhead Caravan.
Q. Where do you live?
Hitherington. At Hounslow, Sir.
Q. Where was it to go to?
Hitherington. It was directed to be left at the Black Bear in Piccadilly
Q. Who was it directed to?
Hitherington. I can't remember the Person it was directed to.
Q. What did you do with it?
Hitherington. I put it into the Ostry; we had a Coach and Caravan together, that I forgot to send it.
Q. What became of it?
Hitherington. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ryder 
               



             and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Roads 
               



             had the Sack of me.
Q. What Time was that Sack delivered to you by the Prisoner?
Hitherington. About Seven o'Clock in the Morning.
Q. to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ryder 
               



            . Was you present when Hitherington delivered the Sack to Roads ?
Ryder. Yes, my Lord, we had the Constable and opened the Sack, and looked all the things over; there were two Blankets, two Pillows, a white Quilt, and Red Curtains, belonging to the Red-bed, I think there were four.
Q. What did you do with these Goods after you had thus searched ?
Ryder. We tied them up again, and left them at the Ostry, till we had consulted with my Master, and they were carried before the Justice of Peace.
Q. Who was present when they were carried before the Justice of Peace?
Ryder. 
               
                  William 
                  Ashley 
               



             and Roads.
Q. Was the things produced before the Justice of Peace, these things that you opened, that Charles Roads found there ?
Ryder. My Lord, I don't know, I did not go with them to the Justice's, but 
               
                  Charles 
                  Roads 
               



             did.
Q. to Charles Roads. Was you present when the Sack was opened before the Justice of Peace?
Roads. No, my Lord, I was before the Justice, but they had opened them before they called me in; I saw the Sack at the Door and I know it to be the same Sack.
Q. to 
               
                  William 
                  Ashley 
               



            . Was you present when these Goods were brought to Mr Clithroe's, the Justice of Peace.

Ashley. I was present at Hounslow Inn when the Sack was opened, and saw them when carried before the Justice, and turned them out of the Sack myself.
Q. Do you know whose Goods they were?
Ashley. I believe them to be my Master Meade's.
Q. to Hitherington. Was the Sack 
               
                  William 
                  Ashley 
               



             took from Hounslow, the same Sack the Prisoner delivered to you?
Hitherington It was, my Lord.
Q. to the Prisoner. You hear what hath been sworn, what have you to say in your Defence?
Prisoner. My Lord, I know nothing of breaking open the House; I never heard of it till Tuesday Morning.
Q. Have you any Witness to call?
Prisoner. No, my Lord, but I hope you will hear me speak.
There was one 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Larkin 
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Scawen 
               



             a Drover; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Scawen 
               



             had a Mother going into an Almshouse, as she had some Goods he-said he would let me have them reasonable, but I must bring them off privately.
Q. Who were these People?
Prisoner. Thomas Scawen is a Drover, and 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Larkin 
               



             a Shoemaker, he said on Monday Morning he would bring some things to me if I could pay him; I worked that Night to get some Work finished; about Twelve, or a little after, they brought a Bed, and those things in a Sack, with that I went up and told my Spouse they had brought such and such things; she desired I would have nothing to do with it, she believed they were stole. On Monday Morning I told them that they were actually stole, and Larkin told me if I did not take Care, they would be found out, and told me to keep them privately: On Monday Morning I took them away from my House to carry them to Hounslow, to send them out of the Way; I told him as I had been at Sea before, I would not go again; I was a Stranger in the Place, I knew nothing of the House.
Court. Then you have no Witnesses to prove this?
Prisoner. No, my Lord.




               Guilty of single Felony only, acquitted of the Burglary
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


