





136. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Smith , otherwise 
Audrey, otherwise 
Pepper




               
            , of St. George, Hanover-Square


, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Fortman 
                  




                
            , Jan. 27
.


                  Richard 
                  Fortman 
               



             . The Prisoner was taken up, and carried to Justice Broadhead's; and there was a silver spoon, which is my property, at the Justice's; the prisoner had sold it to a silver-smith; I desired her to come , she said there is no occasion for you have your spoon again (this is my spoon ). The Prisoner said before the Justice, that she had not stole it, but had found it fairly.


                  Ann 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I live in Princes-Street, Hanover-Square


 , with Mr. Fortman. The Prisoner rung at the door, and the man let her in; she had four bunches of sallary upon her head; she said a lusty fat gentleman had bought them, and I was to give her six pence for them. She came down into the kitchen ; I told her I would not give her six pence, she might stay till the gentleman came: She desired a little small beer, I went to draw the beer, and she stole the spoon out of a China plate.
Q. How do you know that?
Johnson . Because there was no body in the kitchen but myself.
Q. You did not miss the spoon till after you had drawn the beer?
Johnson . No, I did not miss the spoon till after she was gone. I did not say any thing of it till night, and then I told my fellow servant, that I had lost a spoon, and desired him to buy a spoon at a pawnbroker's and then my master and mistress would not know it; my fellow servant went to a pawnbroker's and found it; they said a woman with four bunches of sallary upon her head had left it there.
Prisoner. And please you, my Lord, I do not know her . God bless you.


                  Thomas 
                  Wyrett 
               



            . I went after the spoon, at the request of my fellow servant, to a pawnbroker's , and found it, and they said a woman with sallary brought it.
Q. Who told you this?
Wyrett. A man that keeps a brandy shop in Tyburn-Road.
Q. Was the spoon sold there?
Wyrett. No, it was sold by Holborn-Bars for ten shillings; I gave a shilling to a woman who went along with me: I got the spoon again, and the Prisoner was taken up the same day, and she said she found it fairly .
Fortman. It was sold to a silver-smith for ten shillings, and the woman finding it was stole, returned it again without the money.
Prisoner. My Lord, indeed I found the spoon in a little street by Grosvenor-Square , but I do not know where it is .



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


