





311. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Leppard 
                  



               
            , of London, was indicted for 


               stealing one pound and an half of tobacco, value 12 d.
             the goods of Persons unknown, Aug. 12th
.


                  Ebenezer 
                  Hartley 
               



            . I am a Constable upon the Keys, about 11 or 12 at noon, I saw the Prisoner lurking about a hogshead of tobacco, at Butolph's wharf ; I watched him, and saw him take some tobacco out of the hogshead: I followed him, and took him; he said it was a very small matter, and hoped I would forgive him; I said I would not, if it was never so little.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner?
Hartley. He is a foreigner that works upon the Keys; he is not a ticket porter. He has been a porter about a year.


                  Joseph 
                  Atkins 
               



             . The Prisoner works upon the Keys, I have employed him a great many times, my Lord, his character is very good, and I never knew him do any ill thing in my life.



                  George 
                  Buckeridge 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner thirteen years. I have intrusted him with fruit and other things in the warehouses. I have intrusted him with money, and he never wronged me of any thing in his life.


                  Samuel 
                  Tatem 
               



            . I am a gangsman. We are for the merchants, and the landwaiters are for the King. We put the goods into the warehouses, and lock them up, and if they don't turn out right we make up the deficiency, and make every thing answerable, as they were when they came in. I have employed the Prisoner daily and hourly, and have intrusted him frequently, I have intrusted him with money, and I never found him to deceive me in any thing, but he was always just and true.
Q. Is that his general character?


                  Samuel 
                  Tatem 
               



            . I believe so.


                  William 
                  Tinkler 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner 3 years, and have intrusted him as my own servant. I have intrusted him to change gold, and never knew him to do any thing amiss; and I would intrust him again, if he was clear.
Hartley. My Lord, it is no wonder that these gangsmen speak for these persons, to encourage thieving, for they put them upon it.


                  William 
                  Clack 
               



            . (A constable upon the keys) I have known the Prisoner about a year and an half, and know him to be a reputed pilferer . He is one employed by these gangsmen to do what they call sweep for the soot; that is, to work for what they can thieve or steal.
Prisoner. I was informed by some lemon porters that there was some tobacco lay under some planks, and so I took it.
Jury. I desire to know whether Hartley saw him take it out of the hogshead.
Hartley. I saw him take it out of a hogshead, but I can't tell whose property it is, because there were more merchants than one concerned in that ship. 


               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


