





196. 
               
                  Magdalen
                   Swawbrook, * otherwise 
Beakley , otherwise 
Pingo




             , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tip of a mug, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Vaughan 
                  




                
            , March 15
.
* She was tried in Sep. Sessions in the Mayoralty of 
               
                  George 
                  Heathcote 
               



            , Esq; for breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Pearce 
               



             (her own father) and stealing a guinea and an half, and five shillings, and Acquitted pag. 29. trial 78.


                  Richard 
                  Vaughan 
               



            . I keep an ale house
 in King Street, Westminster


, and used to serve Mr. Pingo, an opposite neighbour. He sent for some beer, and not having a pot at hand, I sent a mug tipped with silver. I said to the prisoner (she lived in that house with Mr. Pingo) you have got my mug; she said, she had it not. I said, if she would let me know where it was, I would go and fetch it; and she said, she knew nothing of it.
Q. Who was the mug delivered to?
Vaughan. I think it was delivered to one Bailey.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Bailey 
               



            . I went for the drink. The prisoner lived in the house where the drink was sent to. She was as mistress of the house. The mug was tipped with silver; and it was broke off and sold. She confessed it before the Justice.
Prisoner. My son-in-law said, that if he could transport me, it would be the only way to separate me and his father.


                  Philip 
                  Jones 
               



             . On the 15th of March I went to Mr. Pingo's , and sent for some beer; and it was brought in a mug tipped with silver. She told me that the child had taken the silver off the mug, and wanted me to melt it, as I was a jeweller . She afterwards confessed she took it off the mug. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


