





33. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Hyat 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing the Inside-work of a Watch, with an Outside-case, made of Silver, an Iron-ring, with three Keys, a small iron Box, an iron Bottle-screw, and a Clasp-knife, from the Person of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Read 
                        




, June 6
.


                  Joseph 
                  Read 
               



            . June the 6th, I went out into the Fields, and fell fast a sleep, and lost all the Things, (which he mentioned ) they were all found upon this Woman except the Watch.
Q. Were these Things in your Pocket when you went to sleep?
Read. Yes.
Q. When was it?
Read. It was one Monday Morning, about 5 o'Clock.
Q. How came you to be asleep at that time in the Morning ?
Read. I ought to have been at my own House; but I was overtaken in Liquor, and fell asleep.
Q. How do you know when the Prisoner took these Things from you?
Read. I do not know exactly when she took them from me. She followed me up into the Fields.
Q. How do you know she followed you up into the Fields, when you were so much in Liquor and fast a-sleep?
Read. I do assure you she did follow me into the Fields ; the first Place I happened to meet with her at, was in Holbourn, behind Gray's Inn Gate.
Q. Did not you go to her Lodging with her?
Read. Yes, Sir, I did: She asked me to go in? I told her I wanted to go home; she insisted on my going in; I was coming out again, she said, pray, Sir, have patience; but I came out directly, accordingly she followed me into the Fields, up by the New-River-Head. I was much out of order. I did not want her much: She sat down by me, and I fell fast a sleep: I do not believe I had been a-sleep above a Quarter of an Hour, but I started up, and the first thing I felt for was my Watch. I happen'd, to have two Guineas and a Half in my Waistcoat Pocket. I missed my Watch, and the other Things out of my Pocket, and 2 s. 1 d.
[The Things were produced in Court.]
Read. All these Things are mine. I lost them.


                  William 
                  Garnet 
               



            , Constable. They brought this Woman, as a Prisoner to me, in the Morning, and I took her into Custody, the Keys and the Watch they told me, were found upon her; but I did not see them found. I told her if she did not let me have the Watch, it would be worse for her; she said the Watch should be left at such a Place, and I found it there. -
Q. Who took the Things from her?
Read. I took all but the Watch, out of that young Woman's Pocket; the Watch she had conveyed away. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


