





49. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cullum 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 30 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Farrier 
                        Cripps 
                     



                   , and a cloth coat, value 20 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joshua 
                           Gill 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling house
             of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sydney 
               



             the elder; Sept. 21
.


                  Thomas 
                  Sydney 
               



             junior. On the 2d of Sept. I went to the prisoner's house; he lives with one 
               
                  Nan 
                  Thompson 
               



             in Turnbull-street ; I told him I lived with my father in Bell-court , Brooks-market, and we agreed to take any thing from thence that we could get, to buy pistols, in order to go upon the highway. It was agreed between us, that I should go to bed, to prevent suspicion in the family, and that I should tie a string about my wrist, and let it hang out of the window, which he was to pull to wake me. He came that very night, but could not find the string; so he appointed to come the next night. Accordingly I tied the string about my wrist the second time, but he was (as he afterwards told me) so drunk, that he could not find the way. We made the same appointment a third time, and he came. I was awake at the window, and let down the two coats mentioned in the indictment with the cord of the bed. We sold the coats for about 25 or 26 s. out of which we had 5 or 6 s. apiece, and the rest we laid by to buy a pair of pistols.


                  Robert 
                  Morris 
               



             . I went to see after the prisoner, and found him at the Run at Perter's-block. I asked him where the coats were; and at first he would not tell me, but afterwards he went with me into Chick-lane, and called for the coats, and they were delivered to him.


                  Sarah 
                  Sydney 
               



             deposed, that the morning this robbery was committed, she missed the two coats and the cord of the bed, which she was sure were there the night before. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


