





+ 58. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Lander 
                  



               
            , of St. Leonard Shoreditch


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Tankard, value 7 Pounds, the Goods of 
                     
                        Hearsay 
                        Broomhead 
                     




                   , in his dwelling House
            , October 7th
.
This Mark + is prefixed to such Indictments on which the Prisoners would receive Sentence of Death, should the Jury find them guilty, which will in this and many other Cases account for the Jury's either finding the Value of the Goods to be less than is laid in the Indictment, or abating the Charge.
By an Act of the 15th of his present Majesty any Person convicted of stealing any Sheep or other Cattle, or feloniously killing any Sheep, with Intent to steal any Part of the same, must suffer Death, as Persons convicted of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.
The following are likewise capital Offences.
Privately stealing above the Value of 1 Shilling from the Person.
Stealing the Value of 5 Shillings out of a Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house or Stable.
Stealing the Value of 40 Shillings out of a dwelling House.
Hearsay Broomhead. On the 7th of last October, the Prisoner and another came to my House, and drank a Tankard of Beer. He (the Prisoner) staid about 2 or 3 Hours, and then took an Opportunity to go off with the Tankard.
Q: Did you see him take away the Tankard?
Broomhead. No; but I advertised it; and about a Week afterwards, a Person came and informed me, that he had pawn'd it in his own Name for four Guineas; and we went and found it accordingly at this Woman, Mrs. Snelling's House. The Tankard had been pawn'd there, but it was taken from thence to another Place where I found it.
Q. When did you first miss your Tankard?
Broomhead. Within half an Hour after the Prisoner was gone.
Q. Were there any other People drinking with him?
Broomhead. Yes, but they went away before him.

Q. Are you sure the Tankard you missed was the Tankard they were drinking out of?
Broomhead. Yes, this is the Tankard; it is old sterling, and cost me 8 l. 2 s. 9 d.
Prisoner. I have spent a great deal of Money in his House, and have lodged in his House. Ask him if I ever wrong'd him of any Thing in my Life?
Broomhead. He did lodge in my House now and then a Night, when he has been late about Business. I can't charge him with any Thing, 'till this Affair, and I am sorry I can do it now.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Snelling 
               



            . On the 7th of October, the Prisoner came to our House with another Man to recommend him, and desired to have 4 Guineas on a Tankard. I accordingly lent him the Money, and if he had asked for more, I should have lent it him. The next Day, the other Man's Wife came, and desired to have the Tankard. I scrupled it, and said, it was not usual to deliver Goods, but to the Persons that brought them, upon which she went away. She soon afterwards returned with another Person, who was to lay down the Money for it; but I still insisted on seeing the Person that brought it; upon which, she went and fetched me a Note, sign'd 
               
                  George 
                  Lander 
               



            . I can't tell whose Hand it was, because I never saw the Prisoner's writing, and upon that Account, I would not let her have the Tankard. She then fetched her Husband, and I delivered it to him, upon the other Man, Swanson's laying down the Money for it.
Prisoner. I pawned the Tankard at her House for 4 Guineas.


                  Thomas 
                  Snelling 
               



            . I never saw the Prisoner till the Day he was taken up, which was the 4th of this Month. There came three Watchmen to my Mother's, to know whether the Prisoner had not pledged a Tankard with us. I told them we had had such a one, but it had been redeemed. I went with them to the Prosecutor's House, and found the Prisoner there in Custody of an Officer with several other Persons; and I heard him confess, that he stole the Tankard, and (he said) he would tell no Lies.
Q. How came he to say so much?
Snelling. I asked him when he came into the Room, and he directly own'd it, and said, he would tell no lies; he likewise confess'd, that he pledg'd it at our House the same Evening that he stole it.


                  Daniel 
                  White 
               



             I am a Shoemaker, and lodg'd at Swanson's House. Mr. Martin came to me, and informed me, he had got a Piece of Plate at 2 Pawnbroker's, who, he believed was not in good Circumstances, therefore desired me to prevail on my Landlord to lay down the Money for him, that he might redeem it. I think he said, it was in for 4 Pounds or 4 Guineas, I can't tell which. My Landlord agreed to take it out, and they went away together, and in a short Time Swanson returned with the Tankard.


                  Lawrence 
                  Swanson 
               



            . Martin and his Wife came to my House, and begg'd of me to lay down 4 Guineas to fetch a Piece of Plate out of Pawn, being desirous to put it into better Hands. Accordingly I went with Mrs. Martin, and she took out the Tankard, and directly pledged it at another Place, and returned me my Money.


                  George 
                  Wood 
               



            . I live with Mr. Bonner in Aldersgate-Street. About the 23d of last October, my Master called me down from Work, and told me, I must go with one Mrs. Allen, to fetch a Tankard out of Pawn from Mr. Smith's. It was pawn'd for 5 Guineas, and we fetched it out, and my Master lent 6 l. 10 s. on it.
Woodfield Walker. I have known the Prisoner seven or eight Years. I knew him when he set up for himself, and have bought Shoes of him several Times. I never heard of his wronging Man, Woman or Child.


                  Thomas 
                  Cross 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner fourteen Years, and never heard no (any) Crime against him till now, and what it is now, I know not.


                  John 
                  Haines 
               



            . I knew him in his Apprentice-ship. His Master lived in the Neighbourhood, and I never heard any Thing amiss of him till now.
Another 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cross 
               



            . I have known him 6 or 7 Years: He has made Shoes for me, and my Family, and I never heard a Word of Ill of him on no Account.


                  Richard 
                  Edwards 
               



            . I have known him 7 Years, and never heard any Ill of him before: He always bore a very good Character as far as ever I heard.


                  Edward 
                  Follit 
               



            . I have known him seven or eight Years, and never heard any Ill of him, or knew him to be guilty of any Crime: I was a Neighbour to him.
The Jury 


               acquitted the Prisoner of the stealing out of the Dwelling House, and found him guilty of simple Felony.
            





[Transportation. See summary in Proceedings of 15 January 1742.]


