








+ 186, 187, 188. 
               
                  James 
                  Gregory 
               



             , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Robinson 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hayes 
                  



                
            , of Twickenham




, were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Amias 
                        King 
                     




widow
, in the day time ++, no person being therein, and stealing two guns, value 20 s. a sheet, value 18 d. a shift, value 1 s. a pair of scales, value 2 s. 6 d. a hand saw, two planes and other carpenter's tools, a pail, and six bars, belonging to a kitchen grate, her property, January the 10th. 
 ++ Breaking and entering a dwelling house in the day-time, no person being therein, and stealing the value of five shillings, is Death
            .
Amias King. I came to London about the 10th of January, and locked my house up, and when I came home again in two or three days, I found the back part of my house had been broke open, the outward door was broke to pieces, and the other door was likewise broke open. - I lost two guns, some Carpenter's tools, &c. (my husband was a Carpenter,) - Gregory confessed before he was taken up, that he was concerned in breaking the house open, and wanted to make it up with me. He said one Dyer, Robinson, and old Hayes were concerned with him in doing it; the house was broke open twice, once was four or five weeks before the 10th of January, and then they took a pail, and some other things. - I know nothing but what Gregory told me.


                  Jasper 
                  Blandford 
               



            . About two months, or nine weeks ago, 
               
                  James 
                  Gregory 
               



             offered to sell me this gun for 5 s. I let him have 4 s. and told him, when he brought me the 4 s. he should have it again.
Amias King. This is my gun.


                  Benjamin 
                  Watts 
               



            . I am a smith: about the beginning of January, 
               
                  James 
                  Gregory 
               



             brought a pair of grates to me, and asked if I would buy them; and I gave him a penny per pound for them - they came to 7 s. 11 d. About a month afterwards Mrs. King came to know if I had bought a pair of grates, I said, yes; she desired to see them, I told her I had worked them up.


                  Henry 
                  Newland 
               



            . (Constable). Gregory owned he broke the house open twice, that it was some time in January; he said, one time was about three or four in the afternoon - he acknowledged there was no body in the house. - Robinson acknowledged he was concerned with Gregory, Hayes, and one Dyer, (who is run away) in breaking open Mrs. King's house the second time. - Hayes acknowledged he was only concerned in breaking the house open the first time, and that he had nothing but a pail, and that he sold it for six-pence. Gregory 


               guilty 4 s. 10 d
            . Robinson 


               guilty 4 s. 10 d
            . Hayes * 

               acquitted
            . 
 * There was no indictment for the first fact, which was the reason of Hayes's being acquitted.





[Transportation. See summary.]


