






330. + 
               
                  Charles 
                  Franklin 
               



             was indicted for 


               assaulting, and putting in bodily Fear and Danger of his Life 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Frow 
                        




                      
                  , and robbing him of one Hat value 2 s. 6 d.
             the Property of the said Thomas Frow, July the 17th
.


                  Thomas 
                  Frow 
               



            . On the 17th of July, about twelve o'Clock at Night, I met the Prisoner and some others to me unknown, as I was going up an open Way into Plumptree-Court, in Shoe lane


; I had entered that Place about five Yards, when the Prisoner at the Bar, and some others, enter'd the Place with Ha! d - n your Eyes; which startled me, the Prisoner and another attack'd me in a furious manner, but whether Franklin took the Hat, or his Accomplice, I cannot tell; Franklin continued the Assault so vigorous, that I could not pursue them; I lay upon the defensive Part, and I clos'd with him against the Wall; I told him he was a base Fellow to rob me of my Property; I said, You Villain have not I taken you beating of me, you shall not go from me till I have some Assistance. I made a loud Cry for the Watch, and he did to his Accomplices, and threatened to blow my Brains out if I did not let him go. When we were out of this Place, there was one of the Women in the Street, a masculine Creature, came up to him, and said, D - n you, why don't you seize and charge? Then, according to the Woman's Advice, he went to charge the Watchman with me, but I desired the Watchman to take care of him. When he was in the Watch-house, he insisted upon his Charge; Watchmen, said he, I charge him with laying hold of me. We carried him before Alderman Davis, and the Prisoner had not any thing more to say, but that I took hold of him at the End of the Alley
Q. to 
               
                  Raymond 
                  Large 
               



            . What do you know of the Prisoner at the Bar?
Large. I know nothing more, but that there was a great Noise, and the Man that lost his Hat call'd Watch, Watch! With that I carried the Prisoner down to the Watch house.
William Beach. There was a great Riot in the Street about twelve o'Clock at Night; presently the Watchman brought up these two Persons; they had got hold of one another, Charge for Charge; Mr Frow charged the Prisoner, or his Accomplices, with stealing his Hat: The Prisoner had nothing more to charge Mr Frow with, than that he laid hold of him; that was all, and that is all that I know of the Matter.
The Prisoner in his Defence said, that as he coming by, that Gentleman (meaning the Prosecutor) took hold of him, and said, You Villain you have got my Hat. With that I push'd him on his Breech.




               Guilty of the Felony, but not of the Robbery
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


