






397, 398. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Obrian 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Martin 
                     Lacy 
                  



               
            , both of St. Mary, Islington



, were indicted for 


               stealing one feather-bed, val. 20 s. one bolster, val. 5 s. four blankets, five harrateen Curtains
            , the goods of 
               
                  Isabella 
                  Gardiner 
               




            , spinster, May 20
.
Isabella Gardner. These things laid in the indictment, I lost from out of a shed on the back of my house, May 20.


                  John 
                  Wise 
               



            . The 21st of May I and 
               
                  Nathan 
                  Neal 
               



            , and another person that lives at Ben. Johnson's head at Stepney, we being there saw those two prisoners pass by with large bundles on their backs. I said to Mr. Neal these two fellows have got each a load which seem not to be their own; let us stop them and enquire whether they came honestly by them or not. We went after them and stop'd them, and ask'd them if the goods were their own; they said they had them in Spittlefields; one of them said they were going with them to Limehouse-hole; the other said they were going to Black-wall; said I, we shall stop you on suspicion that you have not come honestly by them; I went for a constable, and desired Mr. Neal and the other person to take charge of them. I went and brought an Officer and a Watchman; they were gone with the bundles and Mr. Neal followed them, so we went down to Limehouse Hole to see if they were gone there: we saw a person at the plying place who told us there were no such persons come that way; we all three went back again, and Mr. Neal's wife came and told us they had charg'd Mr. Neal with hindering them in their passage, and he had charg'd the Constable with them: This was in Ratcliff high-way, I went to them, and we had them before Justice Rickets, and he sent them to Clerkenwell Bridewell.


                  Nathan 
                  Neal 
               



             confirmed the same.
Obrian's Defence. I met a man in the middle of the street, he hired us to carry the goods to the Red House, Deptford. We were to have 3 s. a piece.
Lacy's Defence. 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Baker 
               



             met us in that street, and desired us to carry these goods, saying, I'll give you 3 s. says I, If you'll give us 3 s. a piece we'll carry them, he agreed to it; and as we were going with them these gentlemen stop'd us, and ask'd us where we were going with them; I told them to the Red House in Deptford; said they, this is not the way; one of them followed us; said I, since you are after us I'll go along with you where you will; when we were in Old Gravel Lane he offer'd for a shilling to let us go.
Both 

               guilty
             of Felony.





[Transportation. See summary.]


