






272, 273. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Studder 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Newman 
                  



                
             were 


               indicted for a Burglary in the Dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Akens 
                        




                      
                  , Widow
, on the 27th of June
 last. in the Parish of St John Wapping


, about the Hour of eleven in the Night of the same Day, and stealing eight Yards of Flanders Lace, value 48 sand twenty-eight Yards of brown Stuff stripped , value 32 s.
             the Goods of the said 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Akens 
               



            .
Q to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Akens 
               



             . Was your House broke open? And, What time of the Night?
Akens. I can't say positively as to the Time, but it was shut about nine o'Clock. I have a Kitchen next my Shop. I had left the Shop but a few Minutes , but I heard the Sash go up, it might be about ten o'Clock. I came into the Shop, and miss'd the Stuff, and cry'd out I was robb'd.
Q. What Sort of Stuff was it?
Akens . It was a brown Cloth Sattin Stripe, twenty eight Yards, it cost me 1 l. 12 s.
Q. When did you see it before?
Akens . I saw it an Hour before. There was fortyeight Yards of Flanders Lace I lost besides.
Q. How was your Window fasten'd?
Akens. My Sash was down.
Court. Then you suppose they got in by lifting up the Sash.
Akens . Yes; and I cry'd I was robb'd, and the Evidence stopp'd them .

Q. to Valentine Goodwin . Was you in Company with these two Prisoners on the 27th of June .
Goodwin. On the 27th of June , 
               
                  John 
                  Studder 
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Newman 
               



            , and I, lifted up the Sash between the Hours of eleven and twelve ; and 
               
                  John 
                  Studder 
               



             took out the Lace, and 
               
                  William 
                  Newman 
               



             took out the Piece of Stuff .
Q Did you go into the House to do it, or reach it out from the Window ?
Goodwin . Reach'd it out from the Window.
Q. What became of the Lace and Stuff ?
Goodwin. Being an Outcry of Stop Thieves , Newman made off with the Piece of Stuff, and Studder and I run together over the Yard, but being no Thoroughfare we run down again, and made off; and going down the Hermitage I was taken hold of, and Studder threw down the Lace and made off. I was laid hold of, and carried to the Prosecutrix's House.
Court. When you was brought to the Prosecutrix's House, what Account did you give?
Goodwin. They search'd me, and when they found nothing about me, they ask'd me, if I could give an Account of myself ; and I said I could; and that I had work'd at Mr Rickets's four or five Years .
Q. But did not you tell the Names of the two Prisoners?
Goodwin . On Sunday Morning, when I was carried before the Magistrate, I mention'd the two Prisoners .
Q. What became of the Stuff afterwards ?
Goodwin. I know not what became of the Stuff.


                  William 
                  Robertson 
               



            . I am an Officer in St George's Middlesex , I had a Warrant brought to me to take up the Witness , the Accomplice.
Q. Do you know the two Prisoners?
Robertson . My Lord, one of them was transported some Time ago.
Q. What did the Prisoners say, when you took them up?
Robertson. They said very little.


                  Stephen 
                  Bett 
               



            . Mrs Akens the Prosecutrix sent to me, and desir'd me to bring an Officer with me, which I did . When we came to the Prosecutrix's the Accomplice would not confess any thing; but the next Morning, when we carried him before Justice Manwaring , then he confess'd the Whole. So we went to a House by St George's Church , and we took Studder ; and I found in the Room where Studder was a Paper with No 28. upon it.
Mr May, of whom Mrs Akens bought the Cotton, appear'd in Court , and believ'd that was the Paper that the Cotton was in.


                  James 
                  Dixon 
               



             . I live opposite to Mrs Akens's , and I heard an Outcry of Thieves; and I saw the Witness, who was an Accomplice, come up Wapping, and I was the first that laid hold of him, on Saturday Night, and carried him to Mrs Akens's House, and went with him the next Day before the Justice. He said he was in Company with two more, with Studder and Newman . He said they flung up the Sash, and took out this Lace and a Piece of Stuff out of the Window, and they went down the Yard and came up again, as it was no Thoroughfare.


                  Thomas 
                  Barton 
               



             . I was upon the Watch. I was sent to to take up Goodwin the Witness. So I sent out the Watchman, and he took up the Piece of Lace in the Street, and Mrs Akens own'd the Lace, but the Witness would not confess that he was concern'd till the next Morning, that he was brought before the Justice.
Court to the Prisoner Studder. Would you ask any Questions?
Studder. About half an Hour after 9 o'Clock, I was stabb'd, and my Breeches were half full of Blood, and I went to Dr Sandford , and he said he would dress it every Day for Six-pence a time; that is all I have to say.


                  William 
                  Newman 
               



             . When I was before the Justice , the Witness Goodwin he said that the Window-shutter was up, and afterwards the Gentlewoman made answer, that the Window-shutter was down .


                  Ann 
                  Titchborne 
               



             . I keep the House where Studder was taken from; I was very ill upon the Saturday , and this young Man was in my House between 9 and 10 o'Clock at Night , and he was very much in Liquor; he had Words with a Woman in my House; on hearing Words with the Woman , I got out of my bed, I had two Blisters on at the same time; and on his having Words with the Woman, she stabb'd him; and that was about 10 o'Clock at Night.
Q. What did she stab him with, and where?
Titchborne . With a Knife, and in the Thigh; it was about 10 o'Clock that he went out of my House to have the Wound dressed; he lay some time a bleeding before he went out of my House.
Q. Where do you live?
Titchborne . I live by Cable-street , near Rag-fair .
Q. How far is Rag-fair from this Place, at Wapping?
Titchborne . I believe about a Quarter of a Mile.
Q. How long have you known Studder?
Titchborne . About 3 or 4 Months .
Q. What Business did he follow?
Titchborne . He used to carry Earthen-ware with his Sister-in-law about the Streets .

[Cross examined ]
Q. How came you to be so particular as to the 27th of June ?
Titchborne . I can't tell exactly the time; this was of a Saturday Night, for my Husband came to me and wanted Money of me.
Council. Might not your Husband want Money another Saturday Night?
Titchborne . Yes he might so, but Studder did not lodge long at my House.
Council . I suppose the Surgeon can't tell what time he drest this Wound?
Titchborne . No I believe not.


                  Alice 
                  Brown 
               



            . Please ye my Lord , I have nothing to say, but that I lay in the Room where he was stabb'd, and that it was about a Quarter after 10.
[Browne cross examined .]
Q. Was he stabb'd in the Room where you lay?
Brown . Yes.
Q. What Day of the Month was this?
Brown . The 27th of June .
Q. Did you see him stabb'd?
Brown . Yes, and as near as I can guess, it was about a Quarter after 10.
Court . You know no otherwise but as they told you.
Brown . No, my Lord.


                  Margaret 
                  Scot 
               



             . I was with the Woman that lay-in, and there was a Woman there that he wanted to buss, but she would not let him, and Words arose and she stabb'd him .
Q. What time was this?
Scot. It was about 10 o'Clock, but I can't say the Day , it was between 10 and 11 o'Clock.
Q. How do you know it was about 10?
Scot. He came to the House a little after 9.
Q. to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lyford 
               



             . What have you to say ?
Lyford. I have nothing to say of the Affair , but I have known 
               
                  William 
                  Newman 
               



             for several Years. but I never knew him do any thing amiss in my Life.
Q. What Business does he follow now ?
Lyford. He is a Weaver, his Father tells me .
Q. to Benjamen Ray. Had Studder any Wound when he was taken ?
Ray. He walked very well, I perceiv'd no Deficiency in his walking, he pulled his Shirt up before the Justice, and it looked as if it had been done a Month.
Q. Do you know the Prisoners?
Ray. I know them both.
Q. What Business are you?
Ray. I am Beadle of the Parish; the two Prisoners have bad Characters .
Q. Did they bear bad Characters before?
Ray. Yes, one of the Brothers was hang'd , and the other shot through a Door at me. Both 


               guilty to the value of 39 s. but not guilty of breaking the Dwelling House
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


