





38. + 
               
                  
                     Lucy 
                     Tanner 
                  



               
            , of St. Paul's Covent-Garden


, was indicted for 


               stealing two holland shirts, value 10 s. two petticoats, value 7 s. two cambrick caps laced, value 10 s. a cambrick handkerchief, value 5 s. a cambrick tucker laced, value 5 s. a pair of cambrick ruffles laced, value 5 s. and two checquered aprons, value 1 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Price 
                        



                      
                  , and a stuff gown, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Parks 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Price 
                     



, Dec. 1st
.


                  Mary 
                  Price 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner ever since she was fourteen years old, I knew her to be a very honest girl formerly, and I let her live a fortnight in my house, out of mere charity, and respect to her, and I said she should live there till she could get a place; these things were found upon her.


                  Samuel 
                  Price 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner come down stairs, she had dressed herself in my wife's gown, and had got some things in a pillow case; I asked her what she had got there, she said clothes, I followed her into the street, and the things were taken from her.


                  James 
                  Gray 
               



            . The Constable produced the things which he said were taken from the Prisoner, and they were proved to be the property of Mr. Price. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


