





286. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Smith 
                  , otherwise 
Fletcher




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one Linnen Gown, and one Linnen Cap and Handkerchief
            , &c. the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Bell 
                  




                
            , the 23d of August
.
Q. (to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Bell 
               



            ) What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Bell. Please you, my Lord, she went up (three Pair of Stairs) into my Room, and took my Gown, &c.
Q. What are you?
Bell. A Widow
.
Q. What Gown was it?
Bell. A Linnen Gown; Mrs. Beckerley saw her come down.
Q. When was it that she went up Stairs and took these Things?
Bell. The 23d of August.
Q. Where do you live?
Bell. In Petty-France, Westminster.
Q. Do you lodge there?

Bell. Yes, at one Mr. Dyer's.
Q. How do you know that she went up and took there?
Bell. She was caught as she was coming down; Mrs. Beckerly heard her coming down a little after Six o'Clock in the Evening.
Q. Was you not at home yourself?
Bell. Yes, my Lord, I was in the Kitchen. Mrs. Beckerly lives up two Pair of Stairs; she hearing somebody go up softly, and go into my Room; when the Prisoner was coming down again, she ask'd her what she did there; she said she had got what she went for. Mrs. Beckerly calls to me and said Mrs. Bell, Somebody has been up in your Room, the Woman is gone along in a blue Gown and black Hat; she run up from our House towards the Bull Head, where she left the Things: I run after her, and she had lay'd the Things down, and Mrs. Dyer followed her; she had got into the Bull Head Alehouse in Petty-France: When I came up to her, I said you brazen Face, what Business have you in my Room? she said she would shew me; what she meant by that I did not know.
Q. What did you find there?
Bell. My Gown, my Cap, and my Handkerchief, that I have sworn to.
Q. Where were they found?
Bell. Upon the Stairs.
Q. Who was by her when you came to her?
Bell. Mrs. Dyer came in before me, or after me, I cannot tell.
Q. What did she say?
Bell. She said she would go and shew me where; as she run along back again to shew me, she said that an old Man had sent her for the Things. She own'd the Fact before the Justice.
Q. What Justice?
Bell. Justice Manly.
Q. (to 
               
                  Rachel 
                  Beckerly 
               



             ) What have you to say to the Prisoner?
Beckerly. Last Saturday se'nnight I heard somebody go up Stairs very softly, and I was willing to know who it was; when they came down again, I saw a Woman with something in her Apron, and I ask'd her who she wanted; she said, what I want, or this I want, I have; (I can't tell which) she said she was sent by the old Man: I said, what old Man? she said the old Man at the Bull; with that I follow'd her down; when I came down Stairs I was in a great Surprise. I look'd at her till she was a few Doors of; then she look'd back, I fancy to see whether we observed where she was going to. I said to Mrs. Bell, the Woman is gone to the Bull Head.
Court. So then you follow'd her.
Beckerly. No, I did not; I call'd to Mrs. Bell to come up, for there was a Woman had got a Bundle out of her Room in her Apron; so Mrs. Dyer and Mrs. Bell follow'd her.
Q. to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Dyer 
               



            .) What do you know of this Matter?
Dyer. My Daughter call'd to me, and said, Mother, there is a strange Woman gone out of the House with a Bundle in her Hand; I immediately run out and follow'd her, and she went to the Bull-Head. I went immediately to the Landlord, and ask'd him if a Woman in a Blue Gown had not come in; so she (the Prisoner) was standing by, and said, here I am; but I said, where's the Bundle you had in your Lap; so Mrs. Bell was at my Shoulder, and said, what Business had you in my Room? The Prisoner said, I'll go and shew you. I ask'd the Maid at the Publick-House what she left there; so we look'd, and found the Gown, Hat, and Handkerchief.
Q. Have you any thing more to say?
Dyer. She own'd it before the Justice. The Excuse she made was, that there was an old Man that own'd her 16 s. and desired her to go up three Pair of Stairs, and turn in upon the Left-hand, and take these Things.
Prisoner. Please you, my Lord, one Robert Anderson, a Shoemaker, own'd me a little Money; I told him, my Husband would be uneasy for the Money; he said, keep yourself easy. About Five o'Clock at Night he took me to Petty-France to this House, and desir'd me to go up three Pair of Stairs, and that he would go to the Bull-Head. I went up Stairs, and staid almost a Quarter of an Hour. As I was coming down, a Woman spoke to me, and I told her that I had been up at the old Man's Room, &c.
Q. (to the Prisoner.) Have you any Witnesses?
Prisoner. They are gone after this Man; he is gone on-board the Fly Sloop.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


