





152. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Parsons 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two Pounds Weight of Tea, value 16 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Turney 
                  




                
            , February 14


Q. to 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Turney 
               



            . What have you to say to this Charge of the Prisoner, with Respect to any Tea?
Turney. On the 14th Instant, as I was loading my Waggon in Aldersgate street


.
Q. What Waggon?
Turney. St Niot's Waggon, that comes from Hundington; I saw this 
               
                  George 
                  Parsons 
               



             come cross the Yard, and he goes cross the Stable, where there were some Sacks of Flour; and I had a Truss, that stood in the Yard, where I kept the Book belonging to this Waggon, where there were two Parcels; and one of these Parcels were Tea, two Pounds of Tea; I charged it to 
               
                  George 
                  Parsons 
               



            ; I am Book keeper to the Waggon, it was committed to my Care; what is lost I am to make good; I was making a Binding the near Side of the Waggon, and I saw 
               
                  George 
                  Parsons 
               



             go out with this Parcel under his Coat; I ran immediately to the Parcel, and I missed one of those Parcels; I followed him immediately after I missed the Parcel; I ran out after him, but I was afraid I should lose other things; I did not take him immediately, I went and loaded my Waggon, and afterwards I went in search after him, and last Tuesday Night I took him at Hick's-Hall Gate, then he owned the Fact.
Q. What did you charge him with?
Turney. I charged him with stealing two Pounds of Tea; I told him if he would tell me where it was, or pay me for it, I would not hurt him; so he desired to go up Stairs; and he said, will you not hurt me? I said I would not; then he confessed he had sold the Goods in Fee-lane for 6 s. I told him, George, I will not hurt you, if you will tell me where it is: and he told me that he sold it to a Woman in Fee-lane for 6 s. one Part of it, and the other Part he sent into the Country.
Q. Any thing else?
Turney. We went before the Justice, and he said before the Justice he had taken it, and sold it for 6 s.
Q. How do you know it to be that Tea?
Turney. I can take my Oath of it, because I brought the Parcel out but about a Quarter of an Hour before.
Court. You have informed us in the Course of your Evidence, that you would not hurt him; how came you to endeavour to get his Confession in that Way, and then set up a Prosecution? You got his Confession at the Breach of your own Word, which should be sacred to every Man.
Q. to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Moor 
               



            , Constable. Do you know any thing of the Fact of your own Knowledge?
Moor. He owned he had the two Pounds of Tea; and that he took it off that Truss
Q. Where did he first own it?
Moor. He owned it at the Golden-lion in St John's-street; he owned that he sold it in Fee-Lane for 6 s.
Q. to Turney. Did you see him take it off the Truss?
Turney. I did not see him take it off the Truss; but I saw it under his Coat.
Court to the Prisoner. What have you to say?
Prisoner. I beg their Pardon, Sir, and must make them Amends, as they said they would not hurt me.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


