





217. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Demsey 
                  



                
            , spinster, 


               for receiving them, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  Elizabeth 
                  Dennis 
               



             . I live in Hart-Street


. I lost two lawn aprons Wednesday was three weeks, and a silk handkerchief; I did not know who took them; I was sitting in the fore parlour. Cassey came in the next day, and ask'd for the gentlewoman, that is Mrs. Clark, to know whether she had lost two aprons; she said she had; he said he would tell her what was become of them, if she would not hurt him; she said she would not hurt him. I was by. He said he was indebted to his landlady fourpence halfpeny for gin , and he had left them with her; then the gentlewoman of the house said she would go with him ; and then he said he had pawned them for eighteen pence. I was for having a man to go with him; says he, no man shall go with you; but we ordered it so, that a man walked behind cassey and me, and he did not perceive it. We went into St. Giles's; he went to his lodgings there, and he desired the man's daughter to go and get them; he had given them to her to pawn; she said she would not get them without the money, saying she had two shillings and sixpence upon them; cassey said she had but one shilling and sixpence; then he said they were pawn'd to a woman that was in Bridewell. We took cassey a day or two after before the Justice; he said he sold the handkerchief for three pence; but at first he said it was pick'd out of his pocket. I have nothing to say against the woman at the bar, any farther, than cassey said she forced him to steal them: she did own she had sixpence of the money. cassey staid at his lodgings, and the woman went for the things, and I owned them at first sight.


                  Thomas 
                  Ind 
               



            . I was desired to lay hold of this cassey . He has liv'd strolling about Covent-Garden; there we saw him, and brought him to where this gentlewoman lives; he confessed where they lay in the house, and how he took them out of the window there. The Prisoner, 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Demsey 
               



            , knew nothing of the things, till she came about one hundred yards from the place where they were stole, where cassey threw them into her lap; but cassey said she was looking in at the window at the same time.
cassey . I know nothing of this woman (pointing to the other Prisoner .)
Fisher, alias cassey , 

               guilty
            , Demsey 

               acquitted
            .



[Transportation. See summary.]


