






312. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Burk 
                  



                
             of St Paul Covent Garden


, was indicted for 


               stealing 4 Glass Salts, val. 12 d. and one Glass Cruit val. 4 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gardiner 
                  



                
            , May 28

. And
313. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Boone , otherwise 
Haynes




               
            , of St Martin in the Fields


, for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stole
            .


                  Thomas 
                  Gardiner 
               



            . I lost these Things out of my Shop on Saturday Night, May 28, and found them by the Information of my Servant; I know Brone's is a noted House for receiving stolen Good, - When the Boy was apprehended, I asked him what he did with them; he owned he stole them, and that they always carried their stolen Goods to the Prisoner's House, and she owned that she had them that Burk pawned them to her, and she lent him 3 d upon them - I have got them again.
Prisoner. Did you find any thing upon me?
Gardiner. I don't say that I did.


                  Daniel 
                  Kennedy 
               



            . The Boy when he was taken owned the Fact. I went to Bonne's House to ask for 4 Salts and a Cruit; she said she had lent the Boy 3 d upon them, I gave her the 3 d. and she returned me the Salts.


                  Mary 
                  Stewart 
               



            . When the Boy was taken up, I told him he shou'd not be harmed if he wou'd tell me the Truth; he showed me the Shop where he had taken them from, and led us along to Boone's House in Covent Garden, where he had pawned them: She said she had the Salts, and they were returned upon the Payment of 3 d. which she lent the Boy upon them.
Boone. The Boy came, and asked for 3 d for his Lodging, and to buy some Bread and Cheese, and when I gave him the 3 Pence, he put the Things out of his Apron, or something that he had before him, and said he would leave them; said I, Take them away, for I will not have them; he said he must leave them till the Morning, and he would bring the 3 Pence again; I called to him twice to come back, but he would not.


                  James 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I have known Boone these 12 Months, and never knew any Ill of her - She takes in Quilting.


                  Alexander 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I have known Boone these 29 Years, and never heard of her doing a bad Action - She is a Yorkshire Woman - I am a Scotsman.
Ann Young I have known her some Years past, and never heard any thing but what was just and honest of her.


                  Joel 
                  Whiteford 
               



            , 
               
                  Philippa 
                  Whiteford 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Hales 
               



             have known her several Years, and never knew any Harm of her. Burk 

               Guilty
            , Boone 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


