





481. + 
               
                  
                     Isaac Alvarez 
                     Decosta 
                  



               
             of St. Leonard Shoreditch


, was indicted for 


               stealing 27 yards of superfine scarlet cloth, value 27 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Winter 
                        




                      
                  , in his warehouse
            , February 11
.


                  James 
                  Winter 
               



            . On the 11th of February I lost a whole piece of superfine scarlet cloth out of my Warehouse; it was perfectly wet as it came from the Dyers, and was not set.
Q. Tell us in what manner you apprehend it was taken.
Winter . There are some rails that are before my yard that are a sort of an Area, and one of those rails was cut away, and the cloth was drawn through there.
Q. Was your warehouse locked?
Winter. No, the warehouse is never locked, the wall is almost as high as this cieling .
Q. And was there room for one man to come through?
Winter. I did not think it was possible, but I tried myself and I could get thro'.
Q. Do you think it could be got thro' without hurting of it?
Winter. It must be sadly purpled.
Q. When did you hear any thing of it?
Winter . On the Whitson monday there was a letter sent to a person that if I searched Alvarez's lodging, I should find my cloth or some of it in remnants .
Q. What did you find?
Winter. I found this waistcoat and breeches.
Q. Did they appear to have been worn?
Winter. No, his landlady said they were brought home that morning, and I said I was sure that was my cloth, for it never was planed nor pressed.
Q. Was the prisoner at his lodging?
Winter. No, he had absconded from thence six Weeks, and was taken by one Johnson a constable.
Q. Did the prisoner give any account how he came by this cloth?
Winter . He said before my lord mayor that he bought it of a Polander.
Q. Can you say whether that is an English manufacture or a foreign manufacture?
Winter. It is an English manufacture.
Q. Are those stains done by fresh water or salt water?
Winter. I take them to be done by drawing it thro' my rails, for salt water would make it turn quite black.
Q. Do you know any thing of importing cloth from Poland?
Winter. I never heard of any such thing.
Prisoner . Bid him look upon the breeches, I had not enough to make a waistcoat and breeches, and I was forc'd to buy a bit to make the waistband of the breeches.
Winter . The waistband of the breeches is quite another thing.


                  Edward 
                  Butler 
               



            . I belong to the cloth business .
Q. Has that waistcoat ever been planed?
Butler . No, never; these stains are what we call crimsoned, which come by dirt, &c. and if it had been done by salt water it would have turned black, and if it had been close tied up, the edges would have been wet and the inside free.
Q. Did you enquire after the prisoner?
Winter. Yes, I enquired after him night and day, and found him about a week or a fortnight before last sessions.


                  Walter 
                  Buckland 
               



             . I am a taylor, about the 25th of May I made a waistcoat and breeches for the prisoner, there were some stains in it, and he said he bought it of a Polander , and that those stains came by the salt water.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man?
Buckland . Yes, I think he is the man; I believe him to be the man, but he was better dressed then.


                  Joseph 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I am a constable of Portsoken-Ward , and about six or seven weeks ago, as I was going my rounds, I went to search an infamous house in Cock and Hoop Yard, in Houndsditch; and a turnkey of the Counter told me, that Alvarez was in the house, but I did not see him that night, but I took him the next night. There was a bed, and I turned down the clothes, and I said, this is Mr. Alvarez; he said, my name is not Alvarez; I said, your name is Alvarez, and I took him; and there was one 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Cordosa 
               



             there, who is a receiver of stolen goods.
Mrs. Barnes. The prisoner had lodged at my house some time, but had absconded from my house on account of a shift and an apron that a boy had discovered was stole; and when he was at my house I heard several persons dragging something up stairs that was heavy, but I did not take any notice of it because I thought it was tea, for I took him to be a smuggler.


                  Benjamin 
                  Sampson 
               



            . Some time in April last, it was on a Friday, but I cannot tell how long it was ago: It was about six months ago, I was coming down Shoemaker-Row, about 9 o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner come to a stall in Shoemaker-Row to buy some fish.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner?
Sampson. I never knew him or saw him before or since in any shape whatsoever, for I did not know his name, and was an intire stranger to him. As that gentleman, the prisoner, was buying the fish, a Polander came to him with two remnants of cloth over his arm, and offered to sell them to the prisoner; the prisoner asked him how much there was of them, and he said, there was a yard and three quarters.
Q. How did you know him to be a Polander?
Sampson . Because he was in a Polander's dress.
Q. Did the prisoner speak to the Polander first, or the Polander to him?
Sampson . I cannot tell who spoke first; the Polander asked him a guinea, and he gave him 18 s. for them, I did not see them measured; but the Polander said there was a yard and 3 quarters of them.
Q. What did you do in Shoemaker-Row ?
Sampson. Why master we want to buy fish as well as other people, and when the bargain was made, we went to one Coveneys, in Shoemaker-Row, and drank a pot of beer together.
Q. What business are you?
Sampson . A money changer.
Q. What business is that?
Sampson. Buying gold and silver.
Q. Did you see the money paid, and the cloth delivered?
Sampson. I saw the money paid, and the cloth delivered.
Q. Who asked you to go?
Sampson. The prisoner asked me to go along with them.
Mr. Cole and Mr. Kay desired to besworn, and they deposed, they had seen the prisoner and Sampson together about last sessions, and that they were acquainted.




               Acquitted of privately stealing in the warehouse, guilty of single Felony
            .
Decosta. My Lord, I desire to have my cloths again, as I have paid for them.
The court committed Sampson, in order to him being indicted the next sessions for perjury.




[Transportation. See summary.]


