





313. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Swinton 
                  



               
            , of London, was indicted for 


               stealing fifteen yards of Scotch cloth. val. 12 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cartwright 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Tyson 
                  



                
            , July 29
.


                  James 
                  Cartwright 
               



            . The Prisoner was my porter
, he lived with me about four months; but the latter part of his time he was apt to stay out, and not come so early home as my hours required, which made me think he came by money dishonestly, and I was determined to part with him. I desired to look into his trunk, he refused it at first, but I told him if he would not open it, I would have it opened; then he, with reluctancy, opened it, and this piece of Scotch cloth was in it; he asked pardon, and said it was mine. I said, how can it be mine when it is in your trunk? I looked on it and saw it was mine; it was marked with characters.
Prisoner. This piece of cloth lay some time in the cellar, and as I was brushing my clothes I was called up, and when I went down again I found this piece of cloth in my trunk, it might fall down into it by accident. And I did not know what to do with it, but had a design to keep it there, to give it to my master the first opportunity.
Q. Excepting this, what is his general character?
Cartwright. I had a good character of him. They said he was a little given to drinking; but if I had a strict hand over him, he might do very well.
Q. Did he make the defence he does now, when you first found it out?
Cartwright. No, it is quite new. 


               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


