





324. + 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Campbell 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing thirty yards of black mantua silk, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Cox 
                        




                      
                  , in her shop
            , May 30
.


                  Mary 
                  Cox 
               



            . On the 30th of May that gentlewoman stole thirty yards of from me, out of my shop.
[The silk was produced, and sworn to by Mrs. Cox, to be her property.]
Q. Where was it found?
Cox. It was found in Tucker's-Alley; I heard my mother cry out, stop thief! and one 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Grimes 
               



             gave that silk to my mother, and she brought it into the shop again.
Grace Baxter. I am Mrs. Cox's mother; she keeps the shop, and I live with her. I was in the shop, when the Prisoner stole the silk.
Q. What pretence did she come under?
Baxter. No pretence at all. The silk was in a white paper upon the counter, and presently I missed the silk, and I was frightened out of my wits; and I run out of the shop after her, and cried out, stop thief! and she threw it down a baker's cellar.
Q. Did you see her throw it down the cellar?
Baxter. I did not; this girl, 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Grimes 
               



            , gave it me, and when the Prisoner was brought back to the shop, she gave me a slap on the face.
Q. Did you lose fight of her?
Baxter. No.


                  Catharine 
                  Grimes 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner about half an hour, looking about Mrs. Cox's door, in Cranbourn-Alley


; she had a child in her arms, and gave the child a half-penny to keep her from crying, and she took the silk out of the shop, and I saw her throw it down a baker's cellar.
Prisoner. My Lord, if you please, I will tell you how it was, from the beginning to the latter end. About two months ago I was ill of a fever, and I had an acquaintance in the Prince of Wales's nursery, and she advised me to go into the Hospital, and I was six weeks there under the physicians hands; and I went that day to the Prince of Wales's, and as I was coming down this street, with the child in my arms, a woman, with a white cloak on, slipped behind the counter, and took something out of the shop, and Mrs. Baxter took hold of me, and gave me a slap on the face, and I gave her another; and as I was not guilty, I did not know why I might not give her another.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


