





446. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Connelly , otherwise 
O Hara




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Watch, with the outside and the inside Case made of Silver, value 3 l.
             the Property of 
               
                  Bezer 
                  Blundell 
               




             , October 3


Bezer Blundell. I was going along Russel street the 3d of October, and the Prisoner came to me, and desired me to go along with her, and treat her: I told her I had but one Halfpenny, but I went with her to one Gerrard's, in Windsor-Court, Drury-Lane


; I went up Stairs with her, and there she took my Watch; she took it by main Force, and broke the Ribbon in pulling it out: I made some Resistance, but she swore, if I would not let it go, she would break it to Pieces. When she had taken it, she went down Stairs, but none of the People of the House offered to stop her. After I had taken her, and she was in Prison, I went to her to get my Watch, some of her Friends came to me, and said, if I would sign a Note of 10 l. they would tell me where I might find it; this done, they told me it was wrapped up in a Piece of white Paper, in the Cellar. I should not have prosecuted, but that I found afterwards that I was bound in a Recognizance of 40 l.
Prisoner. He came to me, and offered me 5 l. to tell him where it was, and said, I was very like the Woman who took it.
Blundell. I did tell her, I would not appear against her, if she would tell me where it was: there was no Indecency passed between us, and I had very little Conversation with her, for I had not been with her above five Minutes, before she took my Watch.
Prisoner. I never saw the Man in all my Life, till he came to the Goal, and offered me 5l. to tell him of any Body that had got his Watch; I have had my Friends here these 4 or 5 Days, but they are gone now. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


