





482. 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Barber 
                  



               
            , of St Catherine's


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Watch, with a single Case made of Silver, val. 3l.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Oliver 
                  Fleury 
               




              , September 14
.


                  John 
                  Peters 
               



            . I can only say that this Watch was taken out of the Cabbin of a French Sloop , and is the Property of Oliver Fleury.
Shadrack Hammond. About a Month ago the Prisoner's Father came to my House in Well-Close-Square , with a Watch, and asked me the Value  it, but I could not tell him, so he went away. In the Evening the Prisoner came, and desired me to let him have a Lodging; I asked him where the Watch was, and he said he had given it to one 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Rye 
               



            , in Long-Alley, and that he found it in a Court. I sent to this Rye, but she had it not ; I carried him, for that Night, to the Watch-house , and the next Morning before Mr Justice Fowke , who committed him to New-Prison. The Prisoner confessed, as we were carrying him thither, that he had taken the Watch out of the Cabbin, that the Gentleman whom it belonged to could not speak English, and if we would go back with him, he would shew us whereabouts it was that he took it. This Watch was produced by 2 Men before the Justice, and is the same which the Prisoner's Father shewed to me.


                  Abraham 
                  Bromley 
               



             . The Prisoner was present, when the Watch was produced before the Justice, and owned that he took it out of a Ship.
Prisoner. The Owner of the Watch is gone to Sea.


                  Nicholas 
                  Squire 
               



            . I assisted the Constable when the Prisoner was taken, and heard him say, that he took it out of a French Sloop, at Brown's Wharf.
Prisoner. I was coming down to Brown's-Wharf with my Lighter, and this Watch dropped out of the Cabbin Windows; there was a Man in the cabbin at the same Time, catching Rats. I carried the Watch to my Father, and then went on Board the Vessel, but nobody was there. I had it again from my Father, and went to my Master's where I served my Time, to fetch my Cloaths away, intending to go on Board a Man of War, but as I was returning, 2 Men met me, and took the Watch from me. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


