





6. 
               
                  
                     Rowland 
                     Harrison 
                  



               
             , of St James Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing half a Firkin of Soap , containing thirty-two Pounds, Value 14 s.
             the Goods of  
               
                  
                     Elisha 
                     Impey 
                  




                
            , November 13th
.


                  Elisha 
                  Impey 
               



            . The Prisoner commenced Servant
 with me last January was Twelve-month. I am a Soapboiler
 in the Hay-market


; presently after I had taken him into my Service, abundance of my Customers complained of want of Weight in their Soap; I consulted with several of them what to do, in order to make a Discovery, and desired them to wait with Patience. On the 13th of last Month, one of my Servants said, I believe I have found out the Rogue . The Prisoner had received a Letter out of the Country, acknowledging, that they had received the Soap, and desired to have more sent: One of my Men said, one of his Boxes was heavier than ordinary, and he did imagine there was a considerable Quantity of Soap in it: When the Prisoner came in, I said, Here is a great deal of Villany, and I will have all the Soap weighed; some was weighed, and found wanting: Said I, I will have all your Boxes examined; the Prisoner ran up Stairs foremost, opened one of his Boxes, and took out something, which I suppose was Money, and said, he would secure that; then he unlocked another Box, and opened the Lid about six Inches, and I perceived half a Firkin of Soap: I said, There is half a Firkin of Soap; then he fell down upon his Knees, and asked Pardon: I endeavoured to bring him to a Confession, whether he had any Accomplices; I sent for a Constable and charged him; but I could not discover any.


                  Richard 
                  French 
               



            . I am Fellow-Servant with the Prisoner; he owned before the Justice, that he cut some out of one Barrel, and some out of another; but did not own how much: I saw this in his Box when it was opened. - It was my Master's Cask .
Prisoner. I know nothing of it; 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Scorer 
               



             , desired that Box might be let by my Box; but it was not my Box, but Scorer's; he gave me half a Crown to buy it, and I bought it in Coventry-Court. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


