





+ 27. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Miller 
                   , otherwise 
Barefoot




             , of St. Martin's in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Gold Watch, with a large Diamond on the Pendant, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pitt 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; in the Shop
             of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Duhammel 
               



             , Nov. 15, 1741
.


                  Isaac 
                  Duhammel 
               



             . I am a Watchmaker; on the 13th or 14th of November, 1741, Mr. Pitt sent his Watch to me to be mended, and it was stole out of my Shop in the Strand


; the Watch being advertised, the first Person who gave me Intelligence of it, was one 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Jacobs 
               



            , who told me the Watch had been offered to him for Sale, and that he could help me to the Person who offered it to him (I never had the Watch again.) This Person was one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Vanhop 
               



             , otherwise Barefoot, but she since married one Miller, who lived in Rag-Fair; I got a Search-Warrant from Justice Richards, Jacobs took her up, and carried her to the Round-House, and she was searched, but nothing found upon her, or in her Custody, so she was discharged. I advertised twenty Guineas Reward for it, I employed one Harris a Thief-taker, but I never could get her taken up.


                  Abraham 
                  Jacobs 
               



            . Two Years ago last November, I happened to go into Rag-Fair to buy a second-hand pair of Shoes; the Prisoner said to me, are you a Jew? I said, yes; she said, she had got a Gold Watch to dispose of, and she wanted me to help her to a Chap for it; I told her, I would try; I told my Father of it, and he, Mr. Levi, the Prisoner and I, met at the Green Man in Goodman's Fields; my Father said to the Prisoner, my Son spoke to me of a Watch you had to sell, and the Prisoner pulled out a middle sized Gold Watch - There was a Diamond on the Pendant, and a Diamond on the Button: Said I to my Father, how do they fix a String to this Watch? he said, the Ring was wanting.


                  Jacob 
                  Jacobs 
               



            . My Son Abraham told me there was a Gold Watch to be disposed of, that we might get a Penny by, and seeing Mr. Levi , I desired him to meet me to ask him his Opinion of the Value; the Prisoner pulled out a Gold Watch, I looked upon it, and said to my Son in the Hebrew Language, I am afraid that Watch is not honestly come by, for there are two Diamonds, and two very handsome Diamonds. Seeing an Advertisement, I went to Mr. Duhammel's, got a Warrant from Justice Rickards , went to her House in Rag-Fair, and took her in my Arms, and brought her out; I was in Danger of my Life, there was such a Parcel of Thieves came about us; Mr. Duhammel was to come the next Morning, but he being too short of coming, she was discharged - She offered to sell it for 17 Guineas - There was a Diamond on the Pendant, and another on the Button, and there was a Ring wanting.


                  Samuel 
                  Lovi 
               



             . About two Years ago, on a Friday, I was in Company with Mr. Jacobs and his Son; Mr. Jacobs asked me, if I would buy a Watch, there was a Woman (I cannot say it was the Prisoner ) offered me a Gold repeating Watch to sell; she pulled it out of her Bosom - there was a Diamond upon the Button, a Diamond upon the Pendant - there was no Ring to the Watch - I did not ask her where she had it - I told her it would not do for me, for I did not understand the Value of it.


                  John 
                  Berry 
               



            . In November, 1741, I saw a Gold Watch with two Diamonds, which the Prisoner showed me; says she, I have got a Chance, and if you help me to a Chap for it, I will satisfy you; said I, Let me look at it; as soon as I saw it, I told her there were twenty Guineas Reward offered for it, and advised her to carry it to Mr. Dubammel ; she said, she would not, for she could make thirty Guineas of it. There was one Harris who kept her Company, but is gone off, said to her, You will come to be hanged for this Practice. Oh! says she, I am not afraid of that by Jesus God, as that is their Irish way of talking. I told Mr. Dubammel I could inform him where the Watch was, but she had so many Thieves about her, that if we went into Rag-Fair to take her, we should be knocked on the Head.
The Prisoner being called upon to make her Defence, said, that Berry was a Thief-taker, and desired he might go out of Court while her Witnesses were examined
Berry. She wants me to go out, because I should not discover who the Persons are, that come in her Behalf; for they are all like herself.


                  Joseph 
                  Rawlins 
               



            . I am the Constable, that took the Prisoner up by a Search-Warrant from Justice Rickards . 
               
                  John 
                  Berry 
               



             said, if I went into her House I should be murdered; but we were all as peaceable as could be, and she came quietly along with us; we stripped her naked, all but her Shift, and searched every Part of her, and made her extend her Legs, for fear she should have concealed it; we went to her House, and searched that narrowly; we cut the very Beds open, but could not find it. The next Morning she was carried before the Justice, and discharged.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Carlow 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner ever since she was a Child; she lives in my Neighbourhood now - She never went to live out of the Place; she is a Child's-Coat-Maker; I never heard of any Dishonesty by her in my Life - I live in Cable Street; I buy and sell Clothes - I have bought Things of her, and never was challenged for any Thing that I bought of her.


                  Ann 
                  Brown 
               



            . I have known her seven years, I never knew any Thing but what was just and fair of her - She is a Stay-maker, and buys and sells that sort of Goods.


                  Ann 
                  Austin 
               



            . I have known her five years; I know her to be a Dealer in the Fair, I know nothing of her Character.
Q. Pray don't you know her to be a Woman of a very bad Character?
Austin. I don't dive into that, I have enough to do at Home; I only say what I know.
Q. to Berry. What Character has 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Carlow 
               



            ?
Berry. She buys such Things - I know they all buy these Things - I don't know any Harm of them - I know nothing of their Characters, but that they deal that way -
Q. What, do you mean in stolen Things?
Berry. Mrs. Carlow has forty or fifty Thieves about her always, and they get these Things for her. 


               Guilty of the Felony, acquitted of stealing out of the Shop
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


