





247. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Foster 
                  



               
            , of St James Clerkenwell


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Spoon, Val. 2s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Josias 
                  Brian 
               




            , May 6
.


                  Josias 
                  Brain 
               



            . On the 6th of this Month, this Spoon was found upon the Prisoner; 'tis my Property, and- 'twas missing about 6 o'Clock in the Evening. I am a Drawer
 at Sadler's-Wells


, and have belong'd to that Place these 7 Years. My Wife sent for me from thence, to my Lodging, that Evening, and I found the Prisoner in my Room; she was charged by my Wife, with having taken the Spoon, and I called the next Witness ( 
               
                  Harry 
                  Hales 
               



            ) into the Room, and he found is upon her, because I had so much Modestly, I could not put my Hands where he did; I was in the Room at the same Time, and am sure the Spoon which he took from the Prisoner was my Property: For it was my first Child's Spoon, and there's my Name, and my Father's and Mother's Name upon it.
Hen. Hales. Josias Brain called me up Stairs at that time, and told me his Wife suspected the Prisoner had taken a Spoon. I put one Hand down her Bosom, and the other Hand up her Petticoats, and took the Spoon from under her Petticoat- Strings, between her Skin and her Smock, and the Tightness of her Petticoat-Strings had bent it. This is the same Spoon I took from her, and which Brian own'd to be his. She deny'd the Fact, till I found it upon her; then she said she was sorry for it, and when she was before the Justice, she begg'd for Mercy.


                  Rose 
                  Brian 
               



            . I am the Wife of the first Witness. The Prisoner on the 6th of May sent to desire me to come to her, and she would inform me that I might have a Child to nurse, of one Mr Foster in the Temple. But I had some Milk then boiling on the Fire, so I desired her to come to me for an Answer. She accordingly came, and while she was in the Room, I missed the Spoon from a little Stand at the End of the Chimney: I was sure I laid it there while the Milk was boiling, and therefore I taxed her with taking it. She denied it, and said she would make me suffer for challenging her upon such an Account, and told me I had only mislaid it: But I sent for my Husband, and the Prisoner was taken by him and Hales, into another Room, where (they told me) they searched her, and this is the Spoon which I missed, and which (they said) they found upon her. When I first charged her with taking it, she threatened me, and said, - whoever took it away would certainly have taken the rest, for there were two other little Spoons lay by it.
Prisoner. I did take it up, and I thought to have laid it down again before I went out of the Room, - but I did not.

Jos. Brian. She told me she lived with one Mr Foster, in the Temple; and I went thither to enquire after her, but they knew nothing of her. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


