





316 
               
                  
                     Luke 
                     Ward 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that he on the 7th of this present Month September
, 


               did rip, cut and break 49 Pounds weight of Lead, value 4 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Adam 
                           Calamy 
                        




                      
                  , Gent.
 which was fixt to the Dwelling-House
             of 
               
                  William 
                  Prichard 
               



            .


                  William 
                  Prichard 
               



            . I live in Red-Lyon-Street, Whitechapels


 the Prisoner came to the next House, which was building, about a quarter before 12 o'Clock at Night last Monday.
Q. Did he make a Noise?
Prichard. Yes.
Q. And what did you do upon hearing this Noise?
Prichard. My Man came up and called me, and said, there was some Body breaking in he thought, and when I came down I found the Prisoner at the Bar; I saw him in the Yard, and he did his endeavour to get over the Fence; he run backward and forward, and endeavoured to make his escape.
Q. Did you see him do any Thing?
Prichard. No, he was afterwards taken and carried to Whitechapel Watch-house, and he confessed there were two more that belonged to him; but when we went back again they were made off, if there was any body.
Q. When you came was there any Lead ript?
Prichard. It was ript, and cut up, ready to carry away.
Q. Was there any Lead rolled up?
Prichard. Yes, Sir; but he was cutting the Pipe that belongs to my Ba ke-house. Mr Calamy is the Landlord of the House.
Q. How did you get into the Yard?
Prichard. There was only a Fence; the Lead was rolled up just ready to carry away; and when we carried him before the Justice, he owned that he cut the Pipe.
Q. Did you find any Materials about him?
Prichard. No.


                  John 
                  Bebb 
               



            . I live in Red-Lyon-street, Whitechapel. On Monday Night between eleven and twelve o'Clock, Mr Prichard's Wife came to my House in a great Fright, and begged my assistance; she heard persons, as she thought, breaking into their House; I said I would load my Gun: She came again, and begged for God's Sake I would come, for she believed they were just ready to come in. When I came, I saw the Prisoner endeavouring to get away over the Fence. I told him, if he offered to go off I would shoot him. When he was getting over the Fence, I said, if he did not come down I would shoot him dead. So we took him, and had him to the Watch-house, where he said that there were others along with him. We went back again, with the Officers with us, to search for those other Persons, but have found none, but the Lead rolled up ready to carry away; the Lead was cut up in two Places: The Place where we heard the knocking, was of the Lead that came out of Mr Prichard's Bake-house; we examined the Place where we heard the hammering, there we found the Lead cut, and the Water dropping.
The Prisoner had nothing to say in his own Defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


