





120. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Randall 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 8 yards of Irish linen, value 20 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Clavey 
                  




                
            , December 21st
.


                  Charles 
                  Clavey 
               



            . About the 20th of December last, I had occasion to look out ten yards of Irish linen for a customer, and I first went to the cut pile as we call it, to see if there was any thing there that would do. I looked out this remnant, and thought it was about 10 yards, and that it would do; when I came to measure it was but eight yards three quarters, and finding the quantity not sufficient, I put it again into the pile: the next morning I looked out a whole piece of cloth, and had a mind to compare it with the remnant I had looked upon the day before, and when I came to look for it it was gone; (I had rebuked my man for carelessness in not puting it into a paper the day before) this being pretty early in the morning, I thought no shoplifter could have got it by any stratagem, and then my suspicion rested upon somebody in the house. I made an enquiry among the Gentlemen in the shop whether any of them had mislaid it, and they said no; then said I, this piece of cloth is absolutely stole, and I will be satisfied what is become of it; the middle apprentice said, Sir, don't be impatient about it, I may find it by and by: we went into the cellar to see if it was there, for my suspicion rested upon the Prisoner, and upon a thorough search we found it under some coolers, or brewing vessels. I took no notice that I had found it, but enquired after it in the family (for I was not fully satisfied that he was the thief though it was there) and in order to find it out I planted my apprentice at night in the dark to have an eye upon him, for if he came with a candle he could see what he did, and I desired a friend of mine to stay with me: the piece was rolled up when he took it, and when it was found it was tied up in a square form. The Prisoner went down into the cellar and moved it from the place where it was; my apprentice was coming up to tell me, and I believe his shoes might crack; says he, he has moved it, and I believe he has seen me; I said I must not let him go out of the shop with it, for if he does he will run away. Said I, do you go and get a Constable, and in the mean time Mr. Jupe and I will try if we can get him to confess; we went into the cellar and he had his soul linen about him: said I, what do you do with all this linen, I have a great suspicion that you are a rogue, don't you know that I have been making an enquiry after a piece of linen that is lost out of the shop to day? Do you know nothing of it? He said no, he knew nothing of it. Said I, did not you hide it in this part of the cellar, and take it out from the place where you hid it? He said, no; said I, I think you are a fellow of the most consummate impudence to deny this, for Ralph has seen you do it. My friend interposed and said, friend, I am very sorry for you, I wish you would confess the thing and see if your master will forgive you: I said, Will, if you do not now produce it I will make a thorough search; and if I find it I will send you to Newgate. By that time the Constable came, and then he began to whimper, and he put his hand into a prickle of straw, pulled it out and gave it to me in this flat form it is now. - It was not near the coolers then, it was in another part of the cellar. - I suspected him the more, because he had been a little tardy before: when I told him he must go to Newgate, he begged very hard that he might not be sent there, and said it was the first time he had ever wronged me or injured me in his life. I told him he must go there, and then I bid him pull off his clothes and put on his old frock.
Q. What were the words he said to you when he delivered the bundle to you?
Clavey. He said it was the first time that ever he had injured me or robbed me in his life.
Q. Are you sure he made use of the word rob?
Clavey. Yes, I can safely say he made use of the word rob.
- Jupe. On the 21st of December about six in the evening, I went to Mr. Clavey's (I had some business with him) and he desired me to go into the compting-house; he said he was about making a discovery of a robbery and desired me to stay; I heard him give directions to his servant to conceal himself and watch the Prisoner; some time afterwards the apprentice came and said, I saw him take it out from under the tubs or coolers, and I saw him take some clothes from under them; says he, I believe he is gone to some other part of the cellar , and has conveyed it away, and the reason he gave his master was, because he brought the candle to the lettice to see if he could see any body. Then Mr. Clavey sent his servant for a constable, and desired me to go down into the cellar with him; the Prisoner was in the cellar, and stood as if he was rolling up some soul linen. Mr. Clavey asked him what he was doing of; he said he was looking up his shirts or linen. Said he, I believe you are a rogue, what is become of the linen that was under the tubs or coolers, I can't tell whether he said tubs or coolers; the Prisoner said he knew nothing of it; said Mr. Clavey, we know you have removed it within these five minutes; a little while afterwards somebody knocked at the door, and Mr. Clavey said I will send you to Newgate as sure as you are alive if you don't give it me; upon that he went to a prickle or a basket of straw, and took it out in such a shape as it is now, and gave it to him; then he charged the Constable with him and ordered him to pull off his livery, and when he had done that, he cried and said he hoped his master would forgive him, for he had never wronged him before in his life.
Q. This time that you speak of, was this the time that Mr. Clavey mentions.
- Jupe. The very same time.


                  Ralph 
                  Hodgkins 
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Clavey, on the 21st of December in the morning, he looked into the Irish pile, and said there was a remnant of Irish gone, and asked me if I knew any thing of it; I told him no, but I would look in the shop and endeavour to find it, but I could not; by my master's orders I watched the Prisoner, and about 12 o'clock, or between 12 and one, I saw him put it between two coolers or under the coolers in the cellar; about five o'clock in the afternoon, I went down to look if it was there, and I found it had been removed, in the evening I went by Mr. Clavey's order to watch in the cellar, and in a little time the Prisoner came down with a box of knives to clean; after he had cleaned 3 or 4 of them he went to the coolers and lifted one of them up, and took out a piece of linen (it was half in the paper and half out) and carried it to another part of the cellar. - It was then in a long form, I think he tied it up in this square form; then he went up stairs and came down in about 3 or 4 minutes. I went afterwards and stood upon another pair of stairs that went into the shop, and he put the candle through the lettice of the stairs where I was, and I believe he saw me, but he did not say any thing to me nor I to him. I went to Mr. Clavey to let him know what I had seen, and he ordered me to go for a Constable, and when I came back he fell down on his knees and begged Mr. Clavey to forgive him, and said, it was the first thing that ever he did in his life.

Q. What were the words he spoke then?
Hodgkins. I cannot remember the words, but he desired Mr. Clavey to forgive him.
Prisoner. I would ask the Prosecutor whether I have not lived with him two or three years, and have been entrusted with money from one part of the town to another?
Clavey. It is true he has lived with me about two years, but I never entrusted him with money unless it was to go to market, and when the porter has been out of the way, I have sent him with a little parcel.
Prisoner. I would ask him whether he has not trusted me with his portmanteau and his money?
Clavey. That was when I was travelling the country and he went as my servant. Perhaps there might be 4 or 500 l. in the portmanteau, but then I was with him, and I don't apprehend that to be trusting him with the money.


                  John 
                  Greenly 
               



            . I am a sadler , and the Prisoner is a sadler by trade, I have known him three years last July, he was my servant about 7 months, he behaved himself honestly and justly to me, I never suspected him of any wrong, and he had opportunities of wronging me if he would.


                  William 
                  Willoughby 
               



            . I have known him between 3 and 4 years, Mr. Greenly did business for me, and the Prisoner used to carry goods backward and forward, I never knew him to be guilty of any such thing. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


