






59. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kent 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of November
, one cotton gown, value 30 s. one camblet gown, val. 5 s. one linen shift, val. 4 s. one linen apron, val. 6 d. one cloth coat, val. 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           McCulla 
                        




                      
                  , out of his dwelling-house
            .


                  David
                   Mc Culla
               



            . On the 3d of December, a witness in court saw the Prisoner go out of my house with a bundle, and she told me of it, and I pursued him, and took upon him one camblet coat, a cloth coat, a linen apron, and one linen shift: All these things were taken from my kitchin; and I took them upon the Prisoner, between 5 and 6 o'clock in the evening, about an hundred yards from my house.
Q. What are the worth of these things?
Mc Culla. I valued them at 4 s. and 6 d. when I took the goods from him, he joined both his hands to a stick, which I will show, and it had a tuck in it; I did not give him an opportunity to draw it, for we laid hold of his arms.
Prisoner. Ask him whether I made any Resistance.
Court. He swears, that you put your hand to the stick, in order to draw it.
Court to the Prisoner. What have you to say for your self?
Prisoner. These things and the stick was given to me, by a person to carry for him to the other side of Tyburn.


                  Catharine 
                  Barber 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner go down to Mr. Mc Culla's door; and there were two more with him, I saw him go down into the house, and come out again with clothes, some of the things were wet. I went over, and told Mr. Mc Culla directly, and he run after him: I was opposite to Mr. Mc Culla's door; and there was a lamp, that I could discern him from an hundred; he had a leather apron. And this was confirmed by two other Persons.


                  Daniel Mc 
                  Ancy 
               



            . Mr. Mc Culla and I went after the Prisoner, and we came up to him, and threw him down directly; gentlemen, says he, let me have my stick. So I took hold of his stick, and said, let us disarm a thief; he was very earnest for his stick.
Prisoner. A man gave me a shilling, to carry the things to the other side of Tyburn-road; There were two men gave me the things; and when I was taken hold of, they run away.
Mc Culla. Not five minutes before he went to light a candle in another house near to mine.
Q. To Barber. Had he any light in his hand?
Barber. I did not see any light he had.


                  Mary 
                  Friend 
               



            . The Prisoner came in to my shop, and opened the door with one hand, and lighted a candle with the other. I live two Doors from the Prosecuto's house.
Q. to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hutton 
               



            . What have you to say on the behalf of the Prisoner?


                  Ann 
                  Hutton 
               



            . The Prisoner was drinking about five o'clock in Berwick-street, with a soldier; and as I came out, I saw two men ask him to go on an errand, to carry some things the other side of Tyburn-road.
Q. Where do you live?
Hutton. I live near this place.
Q. Did you know that he did go?
Hutton. Yes, he said he would go to earn a shilling, for if his wife knew of it, she would not let him have sixpence in his pocket.


                  Margaret 
                  Pinkey 
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop in Russel-street Covent garden. The Prisoner has worked for me, and I have entrusted him in my shop; he fitted it up for me; he is a carpenter
; I never knew him wrong me.


                  Gilbert
                   Mc Kelney
               



            . I have worked with the Prisoner these twelve years, and he always behaved like an honest man.
Q. Is his master here?
Mc Kelney. No, he is gone to see the serjeant hanged to day.
Court, What, would he go to see a man hanged, and not come to save one from it?


                  Robert 
                  Rentham 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner these three years; and I have entrusted him many times in my house; and I have an 100 l. worth of plate about it, and I never knew him to wrong me of any thing.


                  John 
                  Morris 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner about five years, and I always took him for an honest man: I trusted him with a watch to carry into Worcestershire, and he brought me the money.


                  Arthur 
                  Collins 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner these four years : I was sixteen months in a ship with him, and he always behaved like an honest man.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


