





186. 
               
                  Mordecai 
                  Baron 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one Quarter of Lamb
             , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lewis 
                  




                
            , April 5
.


                  Thomas 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I was in my Kitchen, and I heard my Men cry out, Stop Thief! I asked what was the Matter when they cried stop Thief, then the Prisoner dropped the Quarter of Lamb.
Q. What do you know of your own Knowledge?
Lewis. The Quarter of Lamb was my Property; I hung the Lamb by for a particular Customer ; I know my Servant's dressing, and my Servant see him drop it.


                  Elias 
                  Collet 
               



            . I was brushing the Side block down, and there were two Women cheapening a Bit of Meat with my Mistress; while my Mistress's Back was turned, the Woman cried, Mistress, Mistress, a Man has got a Leg of Mutton ; I cried Stop Thief! and I caught him about four or five Doors from our House .
Q. What did he drop?
Collet. The Quarter of Lamb.
Q. Are you sure that was the Person?
Collet. Yes, my Lord.
Q. Did you take up that Lamb that you see him drop?
Collet. I did not take it up, but I saw it brought back .
Q. What became of it, did you show it to your Master ?
Collet. Yes, my Lord, and I took him to the Watch-house.
Q. When you had him to the Watch-house, what did he say then?
Collet. He said he never meddled with it.
Q. How far was you from him when this Lamb was dropped down?
Collet. I was just coming out of the Door, and I saw him drop it, and I pushed by directly; and I came back directly when this Lamb was brought in, I believe it was some Customer picked it up; it was the first Grass Lamb we had this Year.
Court . Then you don't know who those Women were.
Collet. No, my Lord, I don't know where they live.
Lewis. This Fellow returned from Transportation the first of February last; whether he staid his full Time , I cannot tell. Mr. Alderman Davis spoke of being here , I expected to have seen him here. The People that saw the Prisoner take it, thought it was a Leg of Mutton; they cried, the Man has taken a Leg of Mutton . This Fellow has an exceeding bad Character .




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


