





199. + 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wilcox 
                  



               
            , of St. George's Bloomsbury


, was indicted for 


               stealing a fustian frock, value 21 s. a pair of buckskin breeches, value 7 s. a pair of shag breeches, value 3 s. two laced hats, value 10 s. four shirts, value 20 s. three stocks, value 1 s. a waistcoat, value 3 s. a linen frock, value 6 s. four pair of stockings, value 8 s. a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s. a pair of silver knee-buckles, value 4 s. a pair of sleeve-buttons, value 12 d. &c. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Nicholls 
                        




                      
                  , in the stable of - Pollexsen, Esq
            ; Feb. 7
.


                  John 
                  Nicholls 
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you know the Prisoner at the bar?
Nicholls. I know him better now than I did at first.
Q. What have you to say against him?
Nicholls. I lost all the things mentioned in the indictment.
Q. What in a stable?
Nicholls. Yes, in Mr. Pollexsen's stable.
Q. What was the Prisoner?
Nicholls. He was employed in the yard a little time for his victuals and drink.
Q. What makes you think he was the man that took them?
Nicholls. Because he was taken near the Mew'sgate with my breeches, stockings, and pumps on.
Q. What do you know further?
Nicholls. He had an ill character before.
Q. What did he say when he was taken?
Nicholls. He said he bought them of an old clothes man; but he did not deny but what they were mine.
Prisoner. He said at first they were not his.
Court. Did you ever say so?
Nicholls. I never said any such thing.


                  John 
                  Paris 
               



            . The Prisoner came into the yard, and said he wanted employment, and would do any thing for a bit of victuals.
Q. Did you employ him?
Paris. He was sometimes employed by one, and sometimes by another.
Q. What do you know of this charge?
Paris. I know, that when 
               
                  John 
                  Nicholls 
               



             went out of town, the things were in the stable.
Q. What things?
Paris. The things mentioned in the indictment, and more than those.
Q. Was you present when the Prisoner was taken?
Paris. Yes, and was with Nicholls before the Justice, and he challenged the Prisoner with his stockings, pumps, and breeches, which he had on.


                  George 
                  Eylett 
               



            . I am a coachman to Dr. Galley; I have-seen the Prisoner before, but I know but little of him. I saw the Prisoner, on Monday the eighth of February, cleaning Mr. Spooner's stable, and Mr. Spooner's groom said he had lost a shirt, and three pair of stockings. I saw a ladder in the yard, and thought there was something more than ordinary, by my hay being tumbled about, and that the person must get through my haylost into Nicholls's, and so into Mr. Pollexsen's stable.


                  John 
                  Price 
               



            . The Prisoner came into our yard, and said he wanted employment, and he worked in one of the stables about a quarter of an hour, and Mr. Foxall's coachman said he would not employ him any more, for he believed he was a rogue; and there came the news that Mr. Nicholls had been robbed, and I took the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Buttery 
               



            . I am coachman to 'Squire Spooner, a West-India merchant, and his groom was to take some mules on board a ship, and took the Prisoner with him; he was to give him a shilling for going, but he did not pay him; that night the Prisoner absconded, and the groom did not give him the shilling, the key of my hay-loft was gone, and he robbed me at the same time of a shirt and three pair of stockings; and a person brought me a key, which he said dropped out of the Prisoner's pocket. I was present when the Prisoner was taken, and Mr. Nicholls said he could not swear to the Prisoner, but he could swear to the breeches, stockings, and pumps, that the Prisoner had on.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


