





311. + 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bride 
               



            , of St. James's Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing two silver candlesticks, val. 6 l. 6 s. a silver tea pot, val. 4 l. a pair of silver snuffers, val. 20 s. a silver snuff pan, val. 20 s. and two spoons, val. 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Leprimandy 
                        




                      
                  , in her dwelling house
            , May 21
.


                  Mary 
                  Leprimandy 
               



            . On the 21st of May about 4 o' clock in the morning, I heard a noise in the house, my maid came up to me about 8 o'clock in the morning, and informed me that the house had been broke open. There was a hole cut in the kitchen window shutter, and the bolt unbolted, and a hole cut through the door, and the plate mentioned in the indictment was taken away. A sew days after Mr. White stopped the Prisoner with the snuff pan, which I knew by the coat of arms - the candlesticks are worth about nine guineas, and the tea pot about 14 or 15 pounds.


                  Mary 
                  Slaney 
               



            . When I came down in the morning, I found a hole cut in the kitchen window shutter, and in the door, and these things were gone.
Fuller White. I live in Noble street. On Thursday the 30th of May, the Prisoner came to my shop, and asked me if I would buy some old broken silver, I said, yes; he asked what I would give him an ounce, I said, I could not tell till I saw it. Then he took a piece of silver [the snuff pan] I asked him if it was his own, he said, yes; I shewed it my partner, for it was doubled up in a very strange manner. I asked him again if it was his, then he said it was his friend's. My partner and I did not like it; and I told him I would stop the silver and him too. As soon as I had spoke the words he opened the door, and run down Noble street (I cried out stop thief, and alarmed the neighbourhood, and pursued him) then he turned down Oat lane, and into Staining lane, and my partner caught hold of him at the end of Lillipot lane, and brought him back, and then he said he had a partner, and that he run out to call him. In the hurly burly, Mr. Hague came over, told him he was a rogue, and accused him with stealing them, and fetched over a tea pot he had bought of the Prisoner. There was an advertisement published by this lady with a reward, upon which we acquainted her with it, and she came and owned them by the coat of arms. I had opened the snuffer pan, and then the coat of arms appeared.


                  John 
                  Fray 
               



            . [Mr. White's partner] On the 30th of May the person at the bar came to Mr. White's house, and asked him if he would buy any old silver; he asked him what he had to sell, and he pulled out part of a snuffer pan rolled up together; he first said it was his own, and then that it was a friend's of his. I said, Mr. White, let me look at it, and said, I fancy it is stole, stop him and the silver too; Mr. White said he would, and then he opened the door and run away, and we took him in Lillipot lane. I asked him what he was, he said, he was a dealer in silver, and travelled the country. I asked him how old sterling went now, he said, he did not know the worth of it. I asked him how new sterling went, and he said he could not tell. I asked him what he gave an ounce for it, he said he did not know but he might give about 4 s. 3 d. Then he said he bought it by the lump, as they do butter. Said I, I fancy you stole it; he said, he bought it in the country, then he said he bought a parcel of silver in Mary le Bone fields, and gave four pounds, odd money for it. When Mrs. Leprimandy came to see it, I put it into the vice and opened it, and it had her arms upon it.


                  John 
                  Hague 
               



            . On the 29th of May, the Prisoner at the bar came into my shop, and asked if I bought old silver, I told him, yes; I asked him what he he had got to sell, he put his hand into his pocket, and brought out a lump of silver lace burnt, about an ounce and a half, and I gave him 5 s. 6 d. an ounce. He had a lump of melted silver, and asked what I would give an ounce for it; I said I could not tell till I had made an essay. He left it with me to have the essay made, and that took off all suspicion of its being stole, and I bought it of him; there were 11 ounces and odd peny weights. I bought a tea pot of him, which was bent together, but as he said he travelled the country, I did not suspect it to be stolen on that account, for people do that to old silver, either for lightness of carriage or ease in packing, and I gave him 5 s. 4 d. an ounce for it. I saw him go into Mr. White's, and I desired a neighbour to go in after him, and if he was selling any plate to desire Mr. White to stop him, and presently there was a hue and cry. After he was taken, I went into Mr. White's, and said to the Prisoner, you are a villain, and I verily believe the plate is stolen; and he said he bought it of a man at Mary le Bone. I carried the tea-pot over to Mr. White's, and got one of the warnings from Goldsmith's Hall. I was three quarters of an hour in getting the pot open, for fear of spoiling the coat of arms, to see whether it agreed with the advertisement, and it did. I asked him if there was any body concerned with him in it, and if there was I desired him to make himself an evidence: he said there was nobody concerned but himself, and he could impeach nobody.


                  George 
                  Shute 
               



            . I live with Deputy Bailey in Forster Lane. The Prisoner brought some silver unburnt, and desired me to burn it; and while I was burning it, he asked me whether he could not melt silver in a kitchen grate; I told him the best way was to build a forge. He pulled out a piece of a pair of snuffers out of his pocket, and I bought that of him at 4 s. 6 d. an ounce: there was no mark or coat of arms upon it; that and the burnt silver came to 13 s. 6 d.
Prisoner. I met a man at Mary le Bone, and he asked me whether I would buy any old plate, for he thought by my bag that I dealt in plate, and was going to meet a bargain; I said I did not care to buy it, because I did not know him, nor how he came by it; he said he had taken a French prize, and it was part of what he had for his share of it, and I gave him 4 l. 7 s. for the whole; for I told him French plate was not so good as English, and after I had bought it, I would have had my money again, but he would not give it me.


                  Sarah 
                  Stokes 
               



            . About the latter end of May, on a Saturday in the afternoon, I met the Prisoner in Portland Street, and he desired me to go and drink a part of a tankard of beer, and there was a sailor along with him, and the sailor pulled some silver out of his pocket: there was a silver tea pot, a silver snuffer pan, and some silver in a lump; the silver was tied up in an old handkerchief: the Prisoner asked him how he came by it; he said he found it on board a French ship they had taken, and put it into his trowzers, and he gave him four guineas in gold and three shillings in silver for it - the tea-pot was rolled up, but I could discern that it was a tea-pot.
Weldon Bride. I am the Prisoner's brother. On the 20th of May last the Prisoner at the bar lay in my apartment at the house of 
               
                  John 
                  Hume 
               



            , a shoemaker, in Duke's Court. He came in about nine o'clock at night as they were shutting up shop, and went out about seven o'clock the next morning: he could not go out without my knowing it, because he lay in the same room, and in the same bed.
The Rev. Mr. Atkinson. I have known the Prisoner sixteen or seventeen years; he lived with a near relation of mine in Ireland, and after he went out of his service he let him a farm, and afterwards he went into Colonel Frasier's service, and I never heard but he bore a very good character.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Bride 
               



             [wife of Weldon Bride.] The Prisoner came in the 20th of May about nine o'clock at night, laid with my husband, and went out between six and seven the next day.
Mr. Frasier [Nephew to Colonel Frasier.] The Prisoner lived with my father and grandfather, and my uncle, he has been entrusted with a great deal of money and goods of value, and money bills: Col. Frasier has entrusted him with a note of 50 l. to receive: he was very well recommended, and the Colonel did not discharge him for any dishonesty.




               Guilty of feloniously stealing the goods, acquitted of stealing them in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


