





265. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Spike 
                  



               
            , of St. Paul's Covent Garden


, was indicted for 


               stealing a gold watch, value 10 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Friend 
                  




                
            , Esq
; May 15
.
Mr. Masters. On the 15th instant I was informed that 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Spike 
               



             the Prisoner, who was then my servant
, was taken up for a robbery, and I found that he had taken this watch from me. It is not my watch, it is the property of Mr. Friend, though it was in my possession. I very little suspected him, because he always behaved himself handsomly and well.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Brown 
               



            . On the 15th of May my servant called me, and I was told the Prisoner had brought a gold watch to pawn. I asked him whether it was his own; he said it was. I asked him whose servant he was; he said he was my Lord Bollingbroke's servant; I said, I believed my Lord was not in town. I asked him how he came by it; he said, his brother gave it him. I asked him where his brother lived; he said, he lived with a gentleman whose name I have forgot. I said, you say your brother is a servant to a gentleman, it is very odd that he should give you a gold watch: he shall said that his brother gave it him. I said, if he did not give a better account of it, I must stop him. He said, what! do you think I stole it? I told him, to be plain with him, I did believe he had stolen it. I had him before a Magistrate, and there he said he was not my Lord Bollingbroke's servant, but Mr. Master's servant.
Q. Where was the watch?
Masters. It was in an open drawer, but I had not seen it for some months. The Prisoner is a downright country boy, and I believe it is the first fact that ever he was guilty of. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


