





284. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Sims 
                  



               
            , of St. Margaret, Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing a frock, value 6 d. a pair of stays, value 3 d. and a camblet skirt, value 9 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hughes 
                  




                
            , May the 13th
.


                  Mary 
                  Hughes 
               



             . The Prisoner stripped my child of every thing it had on almost, and he came home with only an apron pinned about him.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Hughes. I don't know the time of the day; it was the day the King went to the parliament house.
Q. How came the child to go out?
Hughes. He went by himself into the Park, to see the King go to the house.
Q. How old is the child?
Huges. Three years and a half
 *.
* The child pointed to the Prisoner, and said, Mammy, Mammy, that is the woman.
Q. What time did the child come home?
Hughes. About five o'clock. I was going by Mrs. Cooke's door, and saw my child's stays hanging up; and I said to her, these are my stays, and asked her, whether she did not buy a green camblet skirt and a frock with them? she said, yes, and I desired, if the Prisoner came again, that she would let me know.


                  Mary 
                  Cooke 
               



            . On the 13th day of this month, the day the King went to the house, the Prisoner came to my shop in Bow-street, Westminster, and offered me these things to sell.
Q. Do you deal in these things?
Cooke . Yes.
Q. What time was this?
Cooke . About four o'clock in the afternoon the Prisoner brought a frock, a skirt, and a pair of stays to me to sell. I took them in my hand, and saw they were very poor things, and asked her how she came by them? she said they were her brother's things, and that he had been put out to nurse, and was almost starved, and that his mother must sell them for bread, and I bought them. (Mrs. Hughes's child has the things on now) Mr. Hughes seeing the stay hang up as she came along, said to me, that was her stay, and asked me if I did not buy a skirt and a frock with it? and I said, yes. She desired me, if I saw the person again, to let her know. On the Monday following, the Prisoner came and offered me a gown: I looked at her, and thought it was the same woman; and my servant said, did not I buy a frock and a shirt of you? and she said, yes: then, said I, that is the woman that stript the child. I sent to Mrs. Hughes, and she took her up.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


