





151. 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Gotray 
                  



               
             was indicted for stealing 


               one Cloth Coat, value 10 s. one Pair of Breeches, value 10 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Herbert 
                  




                
            , January 14
.
Q. to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Herbert 
               



            . Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar?
Herbert. He worked Journey-work
 with me; he committed the Robbery in the County of Essex; on Sunday the 11th of January they were stolen; on Monday I missed these Goods: I said I am robbed, I am robbed, I am undone!
Q. Where was this?
Herbert. At Chelmsford; the 11th of January my Lodger, after she heard me say I was robbed, she said, did you not come in the last Night, between the Hours of eight and nine, did you not tumble over the Pail? I said, no; she said she heard some Body come in, and go up Stairs, and open your Drawers; upon this I had a Suspicion of this Man's stealing these Goods; I had a Jealousy of this Man, and pursued him into the Country to Witham, and from thence to London; I pursued him here to London, and found him in Drury-lane; I challenged him with it, and he confessed it to me immediately; I said, what is become of the Breeches you made on Saturday? I says I shall lose my Trade; I said if the Coat is not found, I must never go Home again any more; he directed me where to find it immediately of a Pawnbroker; the Coat was at one Place, and the Breeches at another.
Q. What did you do upon this?
Herbert. We went before the Justice, and I was bound over to prosecute.
Q. to the Prisoner. Would you ask him any Questions?
Prisoner. My Lord, I never directed him, nor told him any thing about it; but he frightened me so with catching me, that I did not know what I was saying.
Q. to 
               
                  William 
                  Lankake 
               



            . Do you know the Prisoner at the Bar?
Lankake. I can't say that I know the Person; I have seen him before the Justice; we had something that the Prisoner sent, which he owned before the Justice.
Q. Which was brought to you, the Breeches or the Coat?
Lankake. The Breeches.
Q. What did the Prisoner own before the Justice?
Lankake. He told the Prosecutor where to find his Things.
Q. Did he mention the Coat as well as the Breeches?
Lankake. They had the Coat first.

Q. What did the Prisoner say as to the Breeches?
Lankake. The Prisoner said they were the Prosecutor's; he said he owed Mrs. Petty something for Lodgings, and she brought them to me.
Q. Was the Coat produced before the Justice?
Lankake. Yes, he said he had them both from the Prosecutor's House.
Q. to 
               
                  John 
                  Bell 
               



            . How came you by this Coat?
Bell. This Coat was brought to us to pledge by one Mrs. Petty.
Q. Was any Warrant brought to your House?
Bell. The Prisoner came along with the Constable for it; they demanded it, and it was brought down and carried before the Justice.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


