





370. + 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Bailey 
                  



               
             , of St. Mary, Whitechapel


, was indicted for 


               stealing 100 pound weight of iron, value 12 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Scott 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop
            , August 18
.


                  Thomas 
                  Scott 
               



            . I keep a smith's shop
: it was broke open in the night-time, and I lost 100 pound weight of iron (the Prisoner is a smith) I got a search warrant, and found some of it in his shop. This is some that was found there.


                  Tho 
                  Wood 
               



            . I know this to be Mr. Scott's iron by his way of working it.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . On the 18th of August in the morning, I thought I heard a noise as if a board was wrenched off. I looked out of the Window, and saw 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bailey 
               



             come to 
               
                  Tom 
                  Scott 
               



            's shop, and take out something; and he came again; then the watch came, past three o'clock and a rainy morning: and he came 3 times afterwards, and I thought he took something every time. - Mr. Scott's shop is about a dozen yards from my house.
Prisoner. I desire the last witness may be called to my character.
Smith. I lived 3 months next door to the Prisoner: he has been in all the rooms in my house, and never wronged me; and I never heard any thing, but that he had the character of an honest man.
Q. How came you not to let somebody know of it?
Smith. It was in the night; and I did not think that a proper time: I was afraid he might run away, or something - I am sure he is the Man. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


