






+ 513, 514. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Presgrove 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Simkins 
                  



                
            , of St. Olave Hart Street



, were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Butterfield 
                        



                      
                  , about the hour of three in the night, and stealing four linnen aprons, two laced handkerchiefs, four pair of lawn ruffles, five muslin stocks, four plain handkerchiefs, and a pair of laced ruffles, &c.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Jackson 
                  



                
            , August 30
.


                  George 
                  Jackson 
               



            . On the thirtieth or thirty first of August, I lost a large quantity of small linnen from Mr. Butterfield's [Mr. Jackson mentioned the things in the indictment, and said there were a great many more things lost.]
Q. Whose goods were these?
Jackson. They were mine, and I heard the woman prisoner say, she sold all the goods to Mrs. Webb.


                  Penelope 
                  Price 
               



             . I am servant to Mr. Jackson.
Q. What do you know of the two prisoners?
Price. I know nothing of them, I know that the windows of Mr. Butterfield's house were broke open the thirtieth of August in the night, and a pan full of small linnen was taken away.
Q. What was taken away?
Price. Two laced handkerchiefs, a pair of laced ruffles, four plain handkerchiefs, four aprons, four pair of lawn ruffles, five muslin stocks, two teaspoons, and a great many more things were lost that night.
Q. Do you know who took them?
Price. No; but they were brought to my master's house.
Q. Who took the two prisoners up?
Price. Mrs. Webb took the woman up.


                  George 
                  Jackson 
               



            . On the twenty second of September in the afternoon, a person came to me, and said a woman that had stole my linnen, was seized and carried to Grocers Hall, and that they waited for my appearance; I went to Grocers Hall, and the woman was committed: as to the man , I was told two or three days ago, that he was in custody; and by the description Mrs. Webb gave me of him, I thought he was the person, and she saw the man, and said he was the man.
Q. To Mrs. Price. Who brought the linnen to your master's house ?
Price. Mrs. Leach.
Q. What day were they brought home?
Price. On the third of September.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Webb 
               



            . I keep a house in White Cross Street, at the Angel, and sell old clothes; on the thirty-first of August, the two prisoners came to my house about five in the afternoon, and she had her apron tucked up, and she opened a little bundle of linnen, for she had divided them into several parcels, and she took the bundle out of her apron: The man [Presgrove] stood at the threshold of the door, and she said it was her husband, and she said come in Will ; he did not come in directly, but stood leaning upon the hatch.
Q. Did she bring you all the things that are in this band-box?
Webb. Yes; and a great many more.
Q. What did you give her for them?
Webb. I cannot tell whether I gave her 50 s within one, or one shilling over 50 s.
Q. So you paid her either 49 s. or 51 s?
Webb. Yes.
Q. Did you ask her how she came by these things?
Webb. Yes; and she said the lady was dead that owned them, and that the linnen was all to be sold; and that the cap belonging to the laced handkerchief, the lady was laid out in; I had no suspicion of her coming dishonestly by them, for she said to the man, she believed she should not make her money of the things, and she consulted with him about it, and she said to him, well, shall I take it? and he consented to every thing that she said, she did nothing without his consent , and she had a blue woollen apron, and she said you must buy this too, for I had them all together: this gave me a suspicion, for it was not likely that the laced goods, and the woollen apron should come together, [the band-box of linnen was produced]
Q. What is the value of these things?
Webb. If they were to be kept by any body, they are worth six pounds, and to be sold to any body to sell them again, they are worth about three pounds; I heard there was an advertisement with a reward for these things, and upon that, I sent Mrs. Leach with them to Mr. Jackson's, and I said, though the gentleman had offered a reward. I thought it was enough for him to lose so much, and I would not take the reward.
Q. I suppose the gentleman paid you the money you paid for the things?
Webb . Yes; and I did not desire any more .
Court. You did very well .


                  James 
                  Ford 
               



            . I am a drawer .
Q. What are you come for?
Ford. I am come to the prisoner Simkins's character, I have known her ever since she was a child, and always knew her to bear a good character till lately, she has been at several services, and within these two years, she has bought and sold in Rag fair.




               Acquitted of the Burglary, guilty of the Felony
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


