





278. 
               
                  
                     Priscilla 
                     Swan 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Silver Stock-Buckle , value 4 s. one Cambrick Stock, value 18 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Frederick 
                  




                
            , June 17th
.


                  John 
                  Frederick 
               



             . I was in Company with a Friend of mine in the Evening , and it was so late that he was lock'd out of his Lodging, so he desired me to go with him and pass the Time away. He was obliged to get up at four o'Clock in the Morning. About three o'Clock I took a Walk over Tower-Hill to Whitechapel Mount . So I came back again, and there stood a Woman in Whitechapel . So, says she, walk in; so she brought me into her House. I thought it was a Publick House . When I came into the House I saw a great many People, so I was afraid. I was going back again, and the Woman that invited me in came to me, and said, Don't be afraid , walk in; so I followed her, and went up one Pair of Stairs , and set myself down at a Table. So they ask'd me what I wanted to drink? I said I did not care for any Thing. I said, if you want to drink you may ; so they brought up some Stuff, Gin, or something. So while they were drinking this Woman took hold of my Neck, and robbed me of my Stock-Buckle . So they called me so many Names; so they wanted me to go out of the House. I said here is a Shilling if you will let me have my Buckle again , so she sweared very much. So it happened that the Constable came by, and I said I was robbed by this Woman, so afterwards it was found upon her, this Gentleman saw it.
Prisoner. This Gentleman brought in one 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Phillips 
               



             , and called for a Quartern of Liquor; and he said he would give a Shilling for a Bed. I said you can't lie all Night, because the other Beds are let out. So says 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Phillips 
               



             , go down a little bit, may be I may talk to the Gentleman . So he gave her the Stock and Buckle to pay for the Bed. He said he had got no Money.


                  James 
                  Copeland 
               



             . I came off from the Watch in the Morning, about four o'Clock. I heard a Disturbance in the Alley; when I came down there were four or five Fellows in the House, and the Gentleman said, if he knew of any Constable he would charge her. I did not let him know what I was. This Woman, the Prisoner, was out of the House. I heard him say, he would give a Shilling for it. This was a noted bad House, and it is routed since. The Man that kept this bad House, he said he would knock her Brains out if she did not deliver it; so she took it out of her Bosom, and was a going to drop it and I took it from her.
Prisoner. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Phillips 
               



             gave me the Stock-Buckle .
Q. Have you any Witnesses?
Prisoner . No, I have not a Friend in the World. I have lived upon nothing but Bread and Water since my Consinement .




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


