





59. 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Hickman 
                  , alias 
Brogdan




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a stock made of black horse hair, val. 2 d. and a silver clasp, val. 4 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Prior 
                  




                
            , June 6th
.


                  James 
                  Prior 
               



            . The Prisoner met me near Rathbone Place


, and clapp'd her hand round my neck - 
Prisoner. Let that other man be turn'd out, for my life is going to be sworn away for the sake of the reward.

Prior. She clapp'd her hand round my neck, and I immediately miss'd my stock and clasp; and a fellow giving me a tap on the shoulder she ran away. The man ask'd me what business I had with his wife, and turn'd me about, upon that I struck him a-cross the nose, and the blood ran over my shirt. I then call'd watch! and a watchman found her and the man arm in arm, and brought her to me directly. We then had her to the round-house, and the next morning we went before Colonel De Veil, who committed her to the gate-house; and I am sure she is the person that came up to me and took my clasp from me.
Prisoner. Ask him if he did not charge divers other persons with this fact?
Prior. No, I saw no other woman at that time but her.
Jury. What time of the night was this fact committed?
Prior. It was the 6th of June, about a quarter after one in the morning.
Prisoner. Was it light enough to discern one's face?
Prior. I never lost fight of her, for she ran but a-cross the way and was taken.


                  Abraham 
                  Collier 
               



            . I was crying the hour and the Prosecutor complain'd to me that he was robb'd of his stock and clasp; and a little girl coming up told me a woman and a man were just run across the way. I found the man and woman arm in arm behind a cart wheel, and I brought her to the Prosecutor, and on his saying she was the person, I took her to the round-house directly, and the next morning she was carried before Mr. De Veil.
Prisoner. I know nothing of the affair, but I have house-keepers to prove that I did not leave the house in Rupert-Street till the watch went one, and he was calling for the watch at a quarter past twelve.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I believe it is a month next Friday; I was going up Faulconbridge court, and met this gentleman Mr. Prior; he was very much in liquor, and I believe it was 20 minutes past 12 at night. I never saw him before that night, and he wanted to give me a buss, but I said he should not. I met with him first at the 3 Compasses, which is just by the Duke of what d'ye call him's stables. He dragg'd me as far as Soho Square and wanted me to earn 6 d. but I ran away to the pound in Hog-Lane. Then he came up to me again and catch'd hold of me, and said, you B - ch, you have robbed me of a stock and stock-buckle; I told him he lied, and call'd the watch, and upon that he gave me a kick and sent me about my business.
Jury. Was any body else by at the same time?
Brooks. Yes, I had a woman coming home with me and she is here.
Jury. What time did you part with Prior?
Brooks. I believe it was about 20 minutes past tw elve.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Plunkett 
               



            . I was coming home with 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Brooks 
               



            ; it was a month next Friday to the best of my knowledge, and about a quarter past 12 at night. This gentleman came up, and laid fast hold of Brooks and me too. He desired Brooks to go with him and he would give her 6 d. and when he found she would not, he said she had robb'd him. She call'd the watch, but none came to her assistance, and then he took her by the hand, and gave her a kick and sent her away.


                  Mary 
                  Macguire 
               



            . I live in Oxford Road and there is an alehouse next door to me. It will be a month next Friday, about a quarter past 12, he came to the alehouse door, and said he was robb'd of his stock and stock-buckle. I was a-bed and heard these words, and presently the Prisoner who is my lodger came to the door and I got up and let her in. After I had open'd the door to her, she stood a little, and Prior came up to her and said, are you the woman that robb'd me? I desired him not to make a noise at the door, and he said he was a life-guard-man, and would pull the house down before morning. The Prisoner then went away for about a quarter of an hour, and Prior called the watchman, and charged him with my sister 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Lewin 
               



            .
Q. to Collier. Did Prior charge you with 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Lewin 
               



             that night?
Collier. No, he did not.
Q. to Macguire. Did you see Collier lay hold of the Prisoner?
Macguire. No, he went on the other side of the way, and brought her over. She did not lie in our house that night, but staid at the door because she heard the gentleman making a noise.


                  Jacob 
                  Lewin 
               



            . I am brother to the last witness. The Prisoner came to lodge in our house the night before this thing happen'd, and the watchman was pleased to say she robb'd the man in our house, whereof she did not.


                  Margaret 
                  Bellamy 
               



            . The Prisoner came to our house in Angel Court, Rupert-Street, and went away between 12 and 1, I take it to be very near one by our clock, but she might get to the place where the robbery was committed before it was one by the clocks there. 


               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


