






14. 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Booker 
                  



               
            , of St Andrew's, Holbourn


 , was indicted for 


               stealing one Cloth Coat with Gold Thread Buttons, Value 12 s. one Cloth Waist-coat, Value 3 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Berrington 
                  




                
             , Esq
; Nov. 27
.


                  Samuel 
                  Berrington 
               



            . On Saturday the 27th of November, I went from Home into Essex, and on my Return, was informed I was robbed of the Goods laid in the Indictment, and that the Prisoner had been taken, and carried before Justice Poulson: I lost a Coat with Gold Thread Buttons, and a Waist-coat; this is the Coat, and this is the Waistcoat.


                  Wm 
                  Young 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner drop a Snuff-colour'd Coat, and a Brown Waistcoat, last Tuesday was se'nnight about Eleven o'Clock, between a Chandler's-Shop and the George Alehouse


: There was another young Fellow ran after him, and he threw them out of a blue Apron he had on.
Mr Satchel. I was going along, and this young Woman cried out, Stop Thief; and the Prisoner at the Bar flung the Things out of his Apron. - I think it was between the George and a Chandler's-Shop, in the King's-Road, the End of Theobald's-Row. I know the Things very well, if I see them, it is a Snuff-colour'd Coat, I think with twelve Gold Buttons, and a 
               
                  Brown 
                  Waistcoat 
               



            . - To the best of my Knowledge, these are the Things. -


                  Anne 
                  Reynardson 
               



            . I live at Mr Berrington's, the Instant I missed the Things, I ran out of Doors and cried out, Stop Thief; I saw this young Man running with his Apron full; but I could not tell what was in it - I was present when he was taken, but did not see any Thing taken from him.
Q. Who gave you the Things again?
Reynardson . The People of the 
               
                  George 
                  Alehouse 
               



            .
Prisoner. I was coming along, and a Girl cried out, Stop Thief; and they laid hold on me, and took me, though I was innocent of the Matter.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


