





218. 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Heap 
                  



               
             , of St Luke's Middlesex


, was indicted for 


               stealing 2 Fir-Sticks, with 4 lb. of Candles, val. 1 s. 6 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Gold 
                  




                
            . April 2
.
Joseph Gold. I am a Tallow-chandler
, and live in Golden-Lane, in the country of Middlesex


. On the 2d of April, I was at Work in my Cellar 'till 9 o'Clock at Night, and then I went out to get me a little Supper, and while I was absent, the Excise-Man came to take an Account of the Candles; and told me he missed 2 Sticks. We could not find out the Persons who took them, 'till about 10 o'Clock the same Night: and then the Prisoner's at the Bar and Primrose Hudson (the Evidence) came again, and lurked about the Cellar-Window. I suspected them, and ran out of the Cellar, and caught the Prisoner. I charged him with having stole the Candles, but he denied it. The Evidence ran up a Court over against my Shop-Window; but I went after him and took him too. He denied having any Knowledge of the Prisoner; but the Prisoner afterwards confessed the Fact; and acknowledged that he took the Candles, and sold them to one Stambridge in Porridge-Pot-Alley , for a Quartern of Gin and 4 Pence in Money. The Candles were in my Cellar after 9, and I missed them before 10.


                  Primrose 
                  Hudson 
               



             . I know nothing of the Prisoner, but from my living in the same House with him. I was a-bed the Night the Candles were stole, but hearing a Noise, I got up; and as I was going down Stairs, I saw the Prisoner bring in 2 Sticks of Candles. I heard him call for a Quartern of Gin, and he agreed to sell them to the Man of the House (Stambridge) for that Quartern and a Groat in Money. The Prisoner had the Gin, and Stambridge gave him a Halfpenny; and he was to come the next Day for the rest of the Money. This was about a Month ago, I believe. - I live at Stambridge's House , at the George, in Porridge-Pot-Alley , near Old-Street-Church. Stambridge fells Liquors, but I don't know whether the Prisoner ever drank there before. He came in with the Candles about 9 o'Clock at Night, - or between 8 and 9; it was pretty late in the Evening I know, - but I can't tell the Day of the Month. Mr Gold's House is in Golden-Lane not a Quarter of a Mile from Stambridge's; I should have known nothing of the Candles, had not I got up to see what was the Matter, when I heard the Noise in the Alley, and I intended to have gone out, if I had not seen the Prisoner come in with the Candles, and heard him call for a Quartern. He told Stambridge's he had got some Candles; and Stambridge's Wife asked him where he got them. He said he got them out of Mr. Gold's Cellar. I believe there might be 4 Dozen upon the 2 Sticks. Stambridge since this Fact is run away.
Mr Justice Wroth proved the Confession of the Prisoner, which was taken the 3d of April, the Substance of which was to the following Purport. '' That he lived with his Grandfather, in Old-Street, '' and that last Night he went down 3 or '' 4 Steps into the Cellar of Mr Gold, a Tallow-Chandler '' in Golden-Lane, and took away two '' Stick ; with about 48 Candles upon them; and '' carr'd them to John Stambridge in Porridge-Pot-Alley , '' and sold them all to him for a Quartern '' of Gin, and a Groat in Money: that the said '' Stambridge gave him the Gin, and a Half-penny, '' and the rest of the Money he was to '' have the next Day''. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


