





421 + 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hughes 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a saddle, a bridle, a girt, and a circingle , the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barlow 
                        



                      
                  ; and two bridles, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Peake 
                        



                      
                  ; privately in his stable
            , July 15
.


                  William 
                  Peake 
               



            . I had my stable broke open on the 15th of July , and found the things the same day.
Q. How came you to take the prisoner?
Peake. I heard where the girt and the circingle were sold, and I found them in Durham-yard; and I asked the person, where I found them, who he bought them of; and he said he bought them of 
               
                  John 
                  Hughes 
               



            .
Q. Who had them you from?
Peake. Give me leave to tell the first part of my story, or I shall never come to the end of it. I found 
               
                  John 
                  Hughes 
               



            , the same day, at the Bullhead in Smithfield, and he run away. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hammond 
               



             pursued him, and took him. He had a parcel under his arm, which were my two snaffle-bridles ; and upon this I pulled two girts and a circingle out of his pocket: he said he hop'd I would be good-natur'd to him, and if I was, I should have them all again. I told him I would be kind to him, and ordered one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hammond 
               



            , a coachman, to drive me to Broad St. Giles's; and he took me into his chamber, and pulled out the saddle and saddle-cloth .
Prisoner. Did not I tell you all along, that I bought them?
Peake. You told me you bought them all for 16 shillings, of a man in the street, in the dark.
Prisoner. Two months ago I met a man in Tyburn-road with these things , and bought them of him.
Q. Who was by then ?
Prisoner. One Mr. Ryley, and Mrs. Spratt; and I gave 26 s. for them.
Peake. He gave but 16 s. for them in hand, and he was to give him the other 10 s.
Q. to Peake. What are they worth second-hand?

Peake. They are worth 4 l. now second-hand, to any body.


                  John 
                  Hopley 
               



            . I am a dealer in horses; I have known the prisoner 20 years; he was brought up a gentleman's servant
, and he lived with 'squire Broughton 16 years ago.


                  Thomas 
                  Edwards 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from his infancy; he has lived in several gentlemen's services.
Q. When was it that he lived in the last service you know of?
Edwards. About 9 years ago.


                  Patrick 
                  Ryley 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about 5 years.
Q. What countryman are you?
Ryley. I am an Irishman; he was an hostler at the Blue-boar in Holbourn.
Q. Do you know any thing of his buying these things?
Ryley. I was by when he bought the things; a bridle, saddle, and some rugs; and he gave 16 s. for them.
Q. How came you to be along with him?
Ryley. Because I knew the man, and met him in the street.
Q. What is your business?
Ryley . I write for my livelihood. I write for Mr. Brett , an attorney at law, in Drury-lane.


                  Anne 
                  Spratt 
               



             . I saw the prisoner buy a saddle, some bridles , and 3 rugs; and I wanted to buy the rugs myself.
Q. How came you to be in Tyburn-road?
Spratt . I live there.
Q. What did he give for these things?
Spratt . I can't say positively; I know he paid 16 s. and he was to pay something more.




               Acquitted of privately stealing in the stable, Guilty of the felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


