





[Note: this edition of the Proceedings was misdated on the original title page. The correct dates for this meeting of the court are MAY 11, 12 and 13, 1749.]
344. 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Brown 
                   , alias 
Thompson




            , was indicted for 


               stealing fifteen yards of linen cloth, value 15 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Ball 
                        




                      
                   , Spinster
, in the shop of the said Elizabeth
            , April 17
.
Eliz. Ball. I keep a linen-draper's shop
. The prisoner at the bar and a woman with him came into my shop the 17th of April, and asked for some check, I shewed them some: the woman took up a shirt that lay on the counter and ask'd the price of it. My sister shewed her the piece the shirt was cut off from; she bought a piece for a pair of shift-sleeves, and put down half a crown, and as I was looking for change the man went out of the door; my sister saw something under his coat. He staid about four minutes, and came in again, and asked the woman if she had not bargained, and they went out together: as soon as they were gone, my sister said, that man has took something out. I miss'd a piece of cloth in a moment. My sister ran after him, and I call'd the maid and sent her after them.


                  Sarah 
                  Minshaw 
               



             . The prisoner came to my sister's shop and took the piece as before-mentioned, I went after him, saw him and he saw me. I followed him into St. Giles's Vinegar-yard; by that time there was a person came after me crying, stop thief! she was our maid, my sister had sent after me; for I had not courage enough to call out; then he ran, and I call'd out, stop thief! he ran into a publick house, I went after him and took him, but he had nothing at all upon him.
Prisoner . I have lost two bones taken out of one of my feet; I cannot run at all.
Minshaw . He ran faster than I could.
Mrs. Jones. I live in Peter's-street, Bloomsbury.
The prisoner came into my house on April the 17th, between five and seven and call'd for half a quartern of rum. He followed me and drank the rum, and let the glass down in a great hurry, and said something I could not understand, took this piece of cloth from under his coat, did not pay for the rum but left the piece of cloth. I concluded he designed to pay for the rum when he fetched the cloath; I thought that might be what he said, though it was spoke so low that I could not hear it perfectly .
Q. to Eliz. Ball. Is this bundle of clothes yours ?
Eliz. Ball. It is, my lord.

Q. to Mrs. Jones. How far is your house off from Eliz. Ball's shop ?
Mrs. Jones. They are not twenty yards from each other .
Q. to Minshaw. Had the prisoner a bundle under his coat the second time he came into the shop ?
Mirshaw . He had not .


                  Ann 
                  Day 
               



             . I live in the Vinegar-yard; I saw the two women crying stop thief, and saw the prisoner run, I ran and cry'd the same; he turned the corner and ran into an ale-house; he went directly through the house into the ground is made to go into the necessary house; but there was an old woman there, so he himself behind it, from whence the constable took him .




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


