





124. + 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Gates 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Curd 
                     



                   about seven at Night, and stealing a Linnen Shirt, Value 4 s. the Goods of William Curd, and several Pieces of Camblet, Value 2 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Hay 
                  




                
            , October 29
.
William Curd. On the 29th of October last, it being Lord-Mayor's Day, I went out about two o'Clock from my House at Stepney


, to see the Show: and I left my Servant 
               
                  John 
                  Brown 
               



             at Home, and bid him make an End of the Work he was about, and then he might go abroad too, but I bid him carry the Key of the Door, before he went out, to his Mistress, who was out in the Neighbourhood. A little before Six, I returned, and called upon my Wife for the Key of the Door; and having appointed to meet a Friend, at a publick House over-against our House, I took the Key from my Wife, and went to meet my Friend. But when I came against my own Door, I saw it open, and upon that I went cross the Way, and upon going into my House, I found the Kitchen Door open, and I had not gone above two or three Steps into the Kitchen, before the Prisoner ran against me. I laid hold of him by the Collar, and asked him what he did there, but I was so surprized, that I can't tell what Answer he made. He struck me, and I struck him, and we were both down on the Ground together in the Kitchen. He pulled from me, to get out of Doors, and he got into the Entry; I cried out, and threw him down again: after which he got to the Street Door, and the Neighbours heard me make a Noise. I tore his Cloaths sadly, - that I did, and I threw him down in the Street, when the People came to assist me, and secured him. After he was in hold, I went Home to see what was missing, and I soon saw a Shirt of mine was gone, and some Pieces of Camblet belonging to 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Hay 
               



            , and upon searching the Prisoner, we found 25 Keys in his Pocket.
Prisoner. Could you not see by the Light of the Day, to distinguish one Man's Face from another?
Curd. No; it was totally dark; I could not distinguish him, nor know him, 'till he was taken into a House: but I am sure he never got out of my Hands, 'till he was taken. - He was sent to the Watch-house that Night, but he escaped from thence, and was not taken 'till Monday in the Christmas Week.
Prisoner. He says it was about Six o'Clock in the Evening, when he took hold of me, - but it was between Five and Six*.
* This Assertion of the Prisoner, and the foregoing Question, were in Order to get clear of the Burglary.
John Brown. My Master left me at Home when he went out; it was about Four o'Clock before I had done Work, and when I left the House, I locked the Door, and carried the Key to my Mistress.


                  John 
                  Lovell 
               



            . I was going that Day to Mr. Curd's House, about Four o'Clock in the Afternoon, and I met his Servant John Brown, within three or four Doors of the House, and he told me his Master was gone to see my Lord-Mayor's Show. About Six, I met Mr. Curd in Bishopsgate-Street, and he told me he would meet me at Mr. Boocay's at the Two Fighting Cocks at Stepney. I went thither and heard, that Mr. Gates's Son had broke open a House. I did not know whose House had been broke, but I saw the Prisoner sitting in the House bald pated. I asked Mr. Boocay when he saw Mr. Curd? Why don't you go over the Way to him, says he, for 'tis his House that has been broke open, and his Wife is abroad? I ran over to him, and found a Hat upon the Table in the Kitchen: then I went to Mr. Boocay's again, and asked the Prisoner if he had no Accomplices with him? If no body stood at the Door, to watch, while he went into the Back-kitchen? He insisted upon it that no one was with him, and upon our asking him how he opened the Door, he said he opened it with one of the Keys which he had about him. I asked him, if he had any one to receive the Goods? He told us no, he intended to have carried them to pawn. As we were carrying him to the Watch-house, he desired me to speak to Mr. Curd to be easy with him, and he promised me, he would go aboard of a Ship the next Day.
Prisoner. Ask him if he ever heard any Harm of me before?
Lovell. I can't say I have.


                  Grace 
                  Snagg 
               



            . While two Men had hold of the Prisoner in the Street, I saw him drop this Shirt, I took it up, and set my Mark upon it. I saw him drop it at Mr. Curd's Door.
Curd. This is my Shirt.


                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            , Headborough. I was sent for, to take Charge of the Prisoner, on the 29th of October. I searched him, and found a Parcel of Keys, (25 in all) upon him. He was carried to the Watch-house that Night, but when I went to look for my Prisoner, in the Morning, he was gone.


                  Abraham 
                  Boocay 
               



            . On the 29th of October, as I was in my House, I heard somebody cry out, I went to see what was the Matter, and Mr.Curd desired me to help him to secure the Prisoner. I, and another assisted Mr. Curd, and we kept him 'till the Constable took Charge of him.


                  Hannah 
                  Greathouse 
               



            . I live in Mr. Curd's House, and have a Key to the Door. I went out after Mr Curd's Man, and I am sure I locked the Door after me. When it was Candle-light, I came home to shut up my Windows. I found the Door locked, and I went out again and fastened it.
Prisoner. I happened to be coming past Mr. Curd's Door that Night, and he jumped off the Threshold of the Door, and pulled me into his House, and said, - You Rogue, you have broke open my House. Master, says I, what's the Matter! So we struggled together, and tumbled about, 'till People came and carried me to Mr. Boocay's, where I was search'd, and nothing was found upon me, but my own Keys, which were to sit to the Street-Door, the Kitchen-Door, and the Garret-Door, in my own House.


                  James 
                  Morgan 
               



            , 
               
                  George 
                  Nesbitt 
               



            , 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Dubirt 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Humphry 
               



            , never knew any Harm of the Prisoner before.




               Guilty of the Felony, acquitted of the Burglary
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


