





283. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wickham 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking open the House of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Chatto 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing from thence ten Buck and Doe Skins
            , on the 6th of July
.
Q.(to 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Chatto 
               



            .) What have you to say against the Prisoner?
Chatto. On Sunday Morning, about Two o'Clock, my Shop was broke open by the Prisoner, according to his own Confession, and other Circumstances.
Q. Where is your Shop?
Chatto. In Broad-Street, by Ratcliff-Cross


.
Q. What did you lose?
Chatto. Ten Buck and Doe Skins altogether.
Q. Do you know who it was that broke open your House?
Chatto. I did not know at that Time; but I took a Ride into Kent in pursuit of the Prisoner, who was my Journeyman.
Q. How long had he been your Journeyman?
Chatto. He work'd with me only a Fortnight.
Q. When did you discharge him ?
Chatto. The Thursday before. I took Horse and pursu'd him into Kent; I stopp'd at a Place call'd Walling, and ask'd there if they had heard of any such Man; ( because I had an Information that he was going to set up at a Place call'd Dartford) one said, as you describe the Man, there was such a Person pass'd by here about Eleven o'Clock an Sunday, with a Large Bundle on his Back, and I think I saw Skins: I had not been above 100 Yards in the Town when I pass'd a little Shop, a sort of a Taylor's, and something of Leather likewise, and saw a Man skulk behind the Shop-board; whereupon I alighted from my Horse, and perceiving it to be the Prisoner, I said to him, John, when came you hither; he answer'd, on Saturday.
Q. What Day was this?
Chatto. On Tuesday. I said to him, will you go and drink? He scarce would speak to me; but we went into a Room and I lock'd the Door; then I tax'd him with the Affair and he deny'd it; I sent for a Constable, and told him it signify'd nothing talking, for that he had robb'd me; he then heartily begg'd my Pardon. I ask'd him what he did it with, he said he did it with a knife and Chisel: Then I ask'd him where the Goods were, and he told me they were at Dartford, at his Mother's; I bid him send for them; he said he could not write; but I said I would write for him, and ask'd him where they were; he said in a Bag in the Closer. I got a Man to go, and he brought the Goods to the Constable, where the Prisoner then was.
Q. Have you got the Goods here?
Chatto. They are at the Baptist's Head; I will send for them.
[The Goods were produced in Court, and the Prisoner confess'd that with a Knife and Chisel he cut some part of the Grove, then wrench'd it off, took down the Shutter and thrust up the Sash, and took out the Goods about Two o'Clock in the Morning.]
Q. What did you do with him when you took him?
Chatto. We took him before the Justice.
Q. What material pass'd before the Justice?

Chatto. He said he was the Person that broke open the Shop with a Knife and a Chisel. The Justice took his Confession in Writing.
Q. Was there any Promise of Pardon before the Justice ?
Chatto. No.
[ The Writing was produced in Court, entitled, The Examination of 
               
                  John 
                  Wickham 
               



            , before Samuel Malcher, Esq; one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, on the 9th Day of July. This Examinant faith he has a Wife and one Child in the Parish of Dartford, and his Wife is now big with another Child; he confesses that he liv'd a Journeyman with 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Chatto 
               



            , Glover, a Fortnight; that he broke open his Master's Shop on Sunday last, and stole several Buck and Doe Skins, &c.]
Q.(to the Prisoner.) What have you to say for yourself?
Prisoner. I never did any such Thing before.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


