





485. 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hughes 
                  



               
            , of St Dunstan Stepney


 , was indicted for 


               stealing 20 lb. weight of Leaden Pipe, fixed to a certain Building belonging to 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Stent 
                     




, September 17
.
Thomas Stent. On the sixteenth of September, I went to some Men, who were at work in some Houses which I have in Nicholl Street , Stepney


 Parish, (it is called Bethnal-Green-Hamlet ) one of my Tenants told me, that a Man had stolen away about 2 Yards and an Half of Leaden Pipe. The next Day, considering it was Water Day, and that the Water's running would overflow the Yard, I went down about 5 o'clock in the Evening to plug it up: As soon as I had done it, this Man came to me, and, said he, I have taken the Thief, and he would not say any thing to me, but is gone to a Publick-House. I directly went to him, and asked him what he had done with the Pipe? he did not offer to deny the taking of it, but said, that he had carried it into Church-Lane, and sold it for a Shilling.
A Witness. I live in the House, from whence the Pipe was taken, and coming home between 6 and 7 at Night, I missed it. I went down Stairs, and asked the Woman of the House if Mr. Stent had taken the Pipe away; but she not telling me, I put my Head out into the Yard, and saw the Prisoner sit there all on a heap; I call'd for a Light, and saw him in the Vault: I lifted up his Hat, and when I saw his Face, I knew him, for it happened to be my Wife's own Brother. I said nothing no farther, only asked him how he could do such a thing? he making me no Answer, I went to fetch the Owner of the Pipe, and the Prisoner was carried to the Alehouse , where he own'd that he took it,
Jury. Was the Pipe loose, or was it cut from the House?
Witness. It was wrenched off.
Prisoner. I have no Witnesses , nor any thing to say. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


