





176. 
               
                  John 
                  Poulton 
               



             * , of St. Mary at Bow, in the county of Middlesex


, was indicted for 


               unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Isaac 
                        Lane 
                     




                    on the King's highway, with a pistol which he had and held in his right hand, putting him in fear, &c. with an intent to rob + him
            , December 8, 1744
.
 * The Prisoner was brought by a Habeas Corpus from Essex.
 + By an act of parliament made in the year 1734, it is enacted, That if any person or persons with any offensive weapon, threats or menaces, violence or by force, shall assault any person or persons with an intent to rob, it shall be felony: But it is not a felony that is punishable capitally; and the person or persons so offending are to be transported for seven years.
Isaac Lane. On a Saturday morning the eighth of December last, between seven and eight o'clock, pretty near Bow Church on the Essex road, a little on this side of Bow


, 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Poulton 
               



             the Prisoner at the bar rode up on the right hand side of me.
Court. Look on the Prisoner, are you sure he is the man?
Lane. I know him very well, my Lord; he rode up to me on the right hand side, offered a pistol to me, and demanded my money, or I was a dead man; and that I might be certain what he did say, I asked him, and said, What did you say; he repeated the same words again, and said, Deliver your money, or you are a dead man, or words to the same purpose: I do not justly know, whether he said he would blow my brains out, for I was a little surprised: then I rode from him down the town, and called out a highwayman.
Q. Did he meet you or overtake you?
Lane. He overtook me. As I was telling my story to some journeymen carpenters on this side of Bow Bridge, and describing the horse, I saw a man come riding down the town; he walked his horse, and was whistling: I imagined it to be him, and it was him. He came up; I let him go a few yards past me, and then challenged him, and said, You are the villain that just now offered to rob me by the church: he made answer, I am just come from the Bell in Warwick Lane; I said, Come from where you will, I am sure you are the man; he said, that cannot be, for you were describing him to be upon a black horse, and I am upon a bay horse, (but it was a dark chesnut horse, I thought it had been a black horse.) I was describing the horse to the men, and he overheard me; this was not above five minutes after his first attacking me. I said, I am very positive you are the man; he said, will you swear that; I said, yes, I will; with that he set spurs to his horse and rode very hard down towards Essex; I rode after him, and pursued him, and he got into the marshes, then some other people rode after him, and took him.
Prisoner. Are you sure it was a chesnut horse?
Lane. I believe it was, but I am very sure you are the man.


                  Francis 
                  Titham 
               



            . I live by Bow Bridge in the Parish of Westham: on the 8th of December between seven and eight in the morning, Mr. Isaac Lane came riding up to my door, and asked me, if I saw a highwayman; I said, I did not see any: says Mr. Lane, then he is turned down some of these ways. I looked down, but could not see any body: as I was going into the marshes, I was told there was a man rode into the marshes: there is on osier ground, and I saw a place where a horse had leaped over. I tracked the prints of a horse's feet about 20 yards into the osier-ground, and suspected that the highwayman was there. I called more people to my assistance, and we went up all on a-breast and took him in the osier ground; another person laid hold of him first, but before he was laid hold of he opened his great coat, and said, he had no fire arms: we searched him, but could not find any about him.


                  Philip 
                  Waylep 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Poulton 
               



             stop the gentleman upon the road: I have known Poulton five or six years.
Q. What day of the month was it?
Waylep. It was the 8th day of December - on a Saturday morning,
Q. What was you doing of?
Waylep. I was driving a stage waggon just by.
Q. Was you near enough to hear what he said?
Waylep. Yes; he said, if the gentleman did not deliver his money that minute, he would blow his brains out. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


