







24. 25. 
               
                  
                     John Glem 
                     Gulliford 
                  , alias 
Culliford




             , of St. Peter's Cornhill



, was indicted for 


               stealing eighteen yards of red printed handkerchiefs, value 18 s. fifteen yards of purple ditto, value 15 s. four yards of printed cotton, and seven yards and an half of Holland, the goods of 
                     
                        Ambrose 
                        Harvey 
                     



                   , in his warehouse
            ; Aug. 29


. And


                     William 
                     Frankland 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving them, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  William 
                  Wyrill 
               



             . On Friday night, I can't remember the day of the month, but it was in August last, about 11 at night, I went backwards and saw Mr. Harvey's warehouse door safe. There is a press in the warehouse, and that was fast too; and the next morning the warehouse door was found open, and a piece of Holland and a razor-case lying on the ground.
Q. What time was this?
Wyrill . I am servant to Mr. Stevenson, of whom Mr. Harvey rents the warehouse, and I went out about 7 o'clock in the morning, and seeing the warehouse door broke open, I informed Mr. Harvey of it, and he examined his press and missed these things. On the Monday following Mr. Harvey advertised them, and about 11 o'clock a person in Newgate sent a letter to Mr. Harvey, informing him, that the man who stole the goods was detained. Upon this I went to the prisoner Frankland , who was a debtor in Newgate, and saw the goods in his possession. Culliford was brought here then, and I could not see him at that time. Frankland took me into his room and shewed me the things, and said he gave Culliford a guinea and an half, and half a crown for them.
C. Do you know any thing of Culliford's being brought before the Lord Mayor?
Wyrill . When I came to Newgate, it being Sessions time, Culliford was brought here, and while he was before the Lord Mayor, he said he came to see Frankland in Newgate, and that he had these goods from another person on the other-side of the water.
Prisoner Frankland . I wrote Mr. Harvey the letter, and I desire it may be read.
[It was read.]
'' To Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Stephens 
               



             at his house in Corbet
'' Court.
'' Sir,
'' I have read the Daily Advertiser this day, and '' can help you to some of your goods that you '' have lost; but pray let it be kept a secret, and I '' shall help you to the rogue 100. I am a debtor in '' the common side of Newgate, and have been so '' these five years; but you shall find an honest man '' when you come to me. Let no body know your '' business; if you do, I shall be murdered among '' thieves and rogues. Pray send for me down into '' the lodge, and be as private as you can. This '' from
'' Your humble servant to command, Common side of Newgate, Monday Aug. 31, 1741.
'' W. Frankland.


                  Ambrose 
                  Harvey 
               



            . I saw these goods safe in the press in my warehouse on Friday night, and they were gone on Saturday morning. The warehouse door was open, and the lock of the press was torn off


                  Charles 
                  Shuckburgh 
               



            . On Monday the 31st of Aug. I was desired to secure Culliford ; and I took him into the parlour here, before the Lord Mayor. He owned that he had carried goods to Frankland in Newgate , upon which I had a warrant, and took these goods out of Frankland's room. These two pieces were produced before the Lord Mayor, and Culliford owned that he had delivered them, and as many more, to Frankland for a guinea and half and half a crown.


                  Thomas 
                  Pert 
               



            . I have been a debtor upwards of two years in Newgate. About a week before last Sessions, I was walking in the hall, and Culliford and another person came up to the hatch: we drank half a pint of gin together, and while we were drinking it, Frankland came up, and said, Jack, how are you? (for we vulgarly call him Jack) you are soon come back. Yes, says Jack, I told you I should not stay long. Well, says Frankland , I would have you look sharp, and see what you can get, and bring it to me: let it he what it will, I will take it off your hands. I was then called away, and heard no more 'till the goods were found.
Frankland. Have not you and I had a difference? He came behind me and knocked me down with a stick.
Pert. That was half a year ago, and we have been very good friends since that.


                  Ann 
                  Brown 
               



            . I have been seventeen months a debtor in Newgate. I went to the grate about my own business; I can't exactly tell the time, but I believe it was the Friday before Culliford was taken. Frankland shook hands with him, and said, I am glad to see thee, Jack! and if you get any thing worth your while, bring it to me, and if it is the King's plate, I will take it of you. I afterwards heard Frankland say he had read the Advertiser, that he had sent the gentleman a letter, and had stopped 
               
                  Jack 
                  Culliford 
               



             for the goods.
C. Did not he say he had the goods from Culliford ?

Brown. That very day that the goods were advertised, with five guineas reward, Frankland told me and Doctor Nixon , that Culliford had brought him some goods, and that he had sent to Mr. Harvey as soon as he saw the advertisement.
Q. Did he say at that time that he had caused Gulliford to be taken?
Brown. He vow'd and protested that he had taken Gulliford .
C. What time of the day had you this discourse?
Brown. Between two and three in the afternoon.
Mr. Shuckburgh . I believe it was between twelve and one when I took Gulliford .
Gulliford . I got up betimes in the morning, and met Tom. Boredon with these goods in a bag. He was in an information himself, and therefore desired me to carry them to Frankland. I did so, and asked 3l. for them by his directions. Frankland gave me a guinea and half and half a crown in part, and I carried it to Boredon, who waited for me at the 
               
                  Guy 
                  Earl 
               



             of Warwick in Warwick Lane. When Frankland had given me the money, he put an old pair of breeches and a broken punch-bowl into the bag, because the turnkeys should not think I had left any thing in the goal. He desired me to bring Boredon to him when Mr. Wilcox was at the Magpie, and I did so, and I heard him tell Boredon, that he was going to be moved to the King's Bench, and therefore should want money, but he would make it up 3 l. On the Monday following I went to the Porto-Bello in Chick-lane, and seeing the things advertised, I got the paper, and brought it to Frankland . He clapped me on the shoulder, and said, What are you going to be a thief and thief catcher too! I will stop you, and so he called for a pen and ink and wrote to the gentleman, and had me taken.
Frankland. This Gulliford came to me and brought these things to me as India goods. I told him Maryland and Virginia were a great way from the East-Indies . He said he came north about for fear of the privateers, and coming along side of an India man, he swopp'd (exchanged) rum for these goods. He wanted two guineas on them: I had a guinea and half, and half a crown and 4 s. in silver, and upon his promise to fetch his goods away on monday, I lent him a guinea and half, and half a crown and a shilling. He asked me if I had any old rags? and so I gave him an o'd pair of breeches, and a punch bowl to put into his bag for fear the people should take notice. I shewed my wife these goods, and she telling me they were not India, I imagined he had robb'd some Scotch pedlar of them, and as soon as the gates were open, I sent for the Advertiser, and seeing them advertised, I sent a letter to the gentleman. Culliford coming to me afterwards, I desired Mr. Wilcox to secure him, and I delivered the goods to the gentleman. I deliver'd the goods in one hand, and the thief in the other, and what could any honest man do more? What reason the gentleman had to charge me with felony, I can't tell: I have lost my money: I have let him have his goods without money, and yet I have been charged with felony.


                  Joanna 
                  Hianson 
               



             . I am a prisoner myself, and I heard Tom. Pert say he would do for Frankland and hang him right or wrong: Mrs. Brown said the same, on the virtue of my oath, and this not once, but several times. This I heard in the Stone-ball , the very day that Frankland's irons were put on.
Pert . I never spoke no (any) such words in my life.
Brown. In the room of this, I have given him 20 drams since he has been in goal; I pitied him, and always said I would not hurt a hair of his head Gulliford 


               guilty 4 s. 10 d.
             Frankland 

               guilty
            .


                  John Glew 
                  Gulliford 
               



             was again indicted, 


               for that he at the sessions of goal delivery held at Justice-hall in the Old Bailey, before the right honourable Humphery Parsons , Esq; &c. &c. with one 
                     
                        Herbert 
                        Blackburn 
                     



                   was try'd on an indictment, for that they in the parish of St. Leonard Eastcheap, Nov. 5 eight pieces of velvet lined with fine ticken, made up for the furniture of a hearse and five horses, in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hazledine 
                     



                   did steal, &c. and thereon by a certain jury of the country, &c. in that behalf taken, they were convicted of the stealing the said goods, to the value of 39 s. and were ordered for transportation, &c. and for that he the said Gulliford on the 1st of Sept


. was at large in the parish of St. Sepulchre




, before the expiration of the term for which he was ordered to be transported
            .
The record of the prisoner's conviction, and the order for his transportation were read.
Mr. Humphries. I know the prisoner, and remember he was convicted at the suit of one Hazledine in little East-cheap for 8 horse cloths. I am sure he is the very same man. I was present when he was cast along with one Blackburn or Coleburn, or some such name.
Prisoner. You need give yourselves no farther trouble. The people of the ship were all sick, and 4 or 5 of us were called upon deck to work the ship, and at the back of the Isle of Wight I got into the pilot's boat, and came away. 

               Guilty
            



               Death
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


