





111. 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Thomas 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Tea Spoon, value 12 d. and a Pair of Stockings
            , on the 18th Instant
.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Frances 
                  Langstaff 
               



            ) Did you lose any Goods at any Time?
Langstaff. My Lord, I lost a Pair of Stockings and a Tea Spoon, the 18th Instant.
Q. From whence ?
Langstaff. Out of my own Room, in Castle-Street, Spital-Fields


. She came to me, and ask'd me how I did. Says I, your Name was Robinson, but now it is 
               
                  Anne 
                  Thomas 
               



            . She said, she saw my Daughter in Shoreditch, and gave her 6 d. She said, God had thrown it in her Way to do Good; God had given her 40 l. a Year. I fetch'd a Pint of Drink for her, but she had a Dram first. She promised what great Things she would do, as she has to a great many besides me. She was to go to take her Quarter's Money, and that she had found Ten Queen Anne's Guineas, and promised to make me a Present of One when I had winded my Silk to carry it home. Now says she, I will go to George's Yard. They know her. Says she, do you carry your Work home, and I'll go there and order a Steake, something hot for the Mouth, against Twelve o'Clock: I must be at the Inn at One: So I went and told another Person of it, and she had decoy'd her with the same Story. I went to ask if such a one was there; she said, she was not, but she was here last Night. I said, she has robb'd me of a Pair of Stockings and a Spoon. This Gentlewoman, that I went to, was sitting in a Room with her Mother. Says this Gentlewoman, she (the Prisoner) is just gone by the Door; I went after her, and said to her very softly, Come, let us go back and see Mrs. Perguson. When we came into the House, I was in a Passion: I clapt my Hands on each Side of her, and found the Stockings on one Side in her Pocket; I threw them down at the Feet of the Table, and she said, they were not mine. I said, they were mine, for they had a Darn in such a Place. Now, I said, give me my Spoon: She said, she had it not, and made many Wishes. I said, let me feel in your Breast, and I found it there. If it is mine, it is mark'd with F. L. accordingly it was .
Q. Did you lose the Stockings and Spoon out of your Room ?
Langstaff. Yes .


                  John 
                  Murray 
               



            , Constable. The Prisoner confessed the Things when she was committed. She own'd that she took them, and they were taken upon her .


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) What have you to say to this?
The Prisoner had nothing to say. She is near 60 Years of Age.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


