





210. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lloyd 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of bed curtains, value 7 s. a looking-glass, value 5 s. a quilt, value 2 s. a pair of sheets, value 2 s. a bolster, value 2 s. a brass saucepan, value 1 s. a pair of brasses for a grate, value 1 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Kitchen 
                        




                      
                  , in his lodging
            , February 28
.


                  Thomas 
                  Kitchen 
               



            . The Prisoner took a ready furnished room of me at half a crown a week, in Bell Court, Gray's-Inn-Lane, and robbed me of these things. I got a search warrant, and found them. He owned before the Justice, that he took them out of the room, and pawned them.
Q. What is the Prisoner?
Kitchen. He professes himself to be an attorney at law.
Prisoner. Did not you give me leave to pawn those things?
Kitchen. No, I never did.
Prisoner. Did not I give you some parchments?
Kitchen. Yes, you gave me something in your way as you are a lawyer; they were of no service to me, and I delivered them up to you again before the Constable.
Q. When did you take him up?
Kitchen. I took him the 7th of March.
Q. When did he leave his lodging?
Kitchen. The same day.
Q. Where did you take him?
Kitchen. I took him in the same room where he lodged, about eleven o'clock in the morning, his wife and child and he were in bed together . I had a note sent me to take care of my goods, for sent I should lose all I had in the room: and that was the reason of my apprehending him.
Q. What is this story about the papers?

Kitchen . He owed me money for lodging, and I had asked him for it. He came down one evening about a fortnight before I took him up, and brought some of his law papers to me. I said what service are these of to me? said he, pray take them, so at his desiring it I took them and laid them by.
Q. What were they?
Prisoner . One was an indenture of a fine belonging to myself, and the other was a commission empowering me to take affidavits in Buckinghamshire. I left them in his hands as a security till I could get money to pay him for the things he gave me leave to pawn ; he did not deliver the papers till I was apprehended with a warrant.
Kitchen. I own that I delivered them before the Constable, after I took him up.
Prisoner. Did not I continue paying weekly till such time my wife was taken ill?
Kitchen, Yes, but I believe it was with my things.
Prisoner. How much were the things pawned for? That would not pay half a crown a week from September to March, they have put my material witness out of the way, who could have proved he gave me leave to pawn them.


                  Benjamin 
                  Waters 
               



            , the pawnbroker's servant, produced the tickets with the dates and the sums the things were pawned for, amounting in the whole to about 13 s.
Prisoner. Did not he acknowledge to you whether he had given me leave to pawn them?
Waters. The Prisoner said, ask him whether he did not give me leave to pawn them, and Kitchen said, that was no matter.
Q. Then he did not own or deny it?
Waters. No never an one.
Jordan. I had the search warrant and found the things, Mr. Kitchen denied before the Justice, that he gave the Prisoner leave to pawn them.
Q. Was Waters present when Kitchen was asked the question?
Jordan. I believe he was, but I believe he did not take so much notice as I did.
Prisoner. I have been a man under misfortunes, and have lost a great deal of money. I did not take them with an intent to rob him, or steal them from him, and actually he gave me leave to pawn them.
The Prisoner applied to some gentlemen of reputation in the law who were in Court. One gentleman said he knew him very well as an Attorney at Stony Stratford , and never heard of any misbehaviour in him. Another had known him seventeen or eighteen years ago, at Carmarthan in Wales, that he afterwards lived with Mr. Hayward an Attorney in Salisbury-court, and that he had then a very good character, and never heard any ill of him. A third said he was surprised to see him in these circumstances, that he knew him Clerk to Mr. Hayward, and that he always behaved well. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


