





370. 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Howell 
                  , otherwise 
Lying Joe




            , of St. James's, Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing a guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Cooke 
                  




                
            , Oct. 5
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Cooke 
               



             . On Saturday was seven-night, there were some goods brought out of the country to my Lord 
               
                  Charles 
                  Cavendish 
               



            's house in a cart, and three men came with them, and said, they had got some goods for my Lord. And the Prisoner came in as the others did, and brought some of the things in. I asked what there was to pay, and this porter [Henwood] said 12 s. and 2 d. for bringing them out of the country; but there was some other charges for bringing them there. Said Howell ; why don't you tell her what it is? and Henwood said it was 14 s. 2 d. I went up for a guinea, and when I came down I offered it to Henwood to get it changed.
Q. How many men were there?
Cooke . There were three men besides this Howell. And I thought he belonged to them; and the Prisoner took the money.
Q. How did he take it?
Cooke. He snatched it out of my fingers, and run away with it; he staid a great while: said I, I believe the man is drowned with the money; said the men to me, do you know the man? No, said I, I thought he belonged to you: said they, he was on the outside of the door, and we thought he belonged to the house. We asked him whether this was my Lord 
               
                  Charles 
                  Cavendish 
               



            's, and he said yes; I told him we had brought some goods, and when we came in he came in along with us. The men wanted me to pay them their money, I said I had paid it once already; they said it was very hard for them to lose their money, and I said it was hard enough for me to lose the 7 s.
Council . Had not you your money again?
Cooke . Yes; we had the money again next night.
Council. The man only got drunk, and sat at the alehouse, and forgot himself.


                  John 
                  Henwood 
               



             . I went to the door with the cart, and the Prisoner stood against the door; I asked him whether this was my Lord Cavendish's; he said, yes. He asked what parcels we had for my Lord; I said three; and he knocked at the door, and we carried the things in. The gentlewoman asked what they came to, I said 12 s. 2 d. and then I said it was more: the Prisoner said, why don't you say all at once; then I said it was 14 s. 2 d. She went and fetched down a guinea; it was a Queen Anne's guinea with the head uppermost, and bid me change it, and the Prisoner snatched the guinea out of her hand, and said he would go and change it, and run away with it.
Q. Did she say to the Prisoner take the guinea and change it, as she did to you?
Henwood . She said nothing at all to any body else. I went to a publick house to enquire after him, and described him; and there was a man with a black cap and a chew of tobacco in his mouth, and he said he knew him, and that he went by the name of Lying Joe, and was as great a villain as any in England, then I thought I should lose my money. I met a person who told me he believed if I went to one Mr. Barber's, who he said was a very honest man; he would tell me where he lived, and he did direct me where the Prisoner lived. I went to his house, and spoke to him, and said, do you know 
               
                  Joe 
                  Howell 
               



            ? Yes, he said he was the man. I told him I wanted him to go to my Lord 
               
                  Charles 
                  Cavendish 
               



            's to carry the guinea back again. He said he had not been out all night. He was in another suit of clothes, and said he had had no other coat on that night: then I went to Mrs. Cooke to ask her whether she could know the man again that run away with the guinea; and when she saw him, she said that is the man who took the guinea out of my hand, and I know him to be the man: the Prisoner said, no, madam, I had none of the guinea. - This was about two hours after the thing was done; the Prisoner had half a guinea in his hand, and I endeavoured to get it out, but could not, but his wife took it out of his hand, and gave it to us, and said that was more than we deserved; then she gave us another shilling, and afterwards pulled out 3 s. 6 d. more, and said we should have no more, but at last she had it.
Council . Was he drunk or sober then?
Henwood . He was as sober then as he is now.
Council. Did not his wife readily pay the money?
Henwood. The money was paid to Mrs. Cooke, she had it again that night.


                  John 
                  Barber 
               



             . I have known the Prisoner seventeen or eighteen years, he is very subject to get drunk, and then he don't know what he does, but when he is sober, I would trust him with 100 l. as soon as I would any man in England. He lived with 'Squire Mitchel in Grub Street, who is dead - I am a house-keeper, I keep a coalware-house and a joiner's shop; I have sent him with many a guinea to change.


                  John 
                  Philpot 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner three years, and never heard he had a bad character; I have trusted him a hundred times to shut my shop, and never knew any harm of him. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


