





316. 
               
                  Susanna 
                  Hall , otherwise 
Susanna Smith




            , of London, was indicted for 


               stealing two gowns, val. 10 s. two cambrick half handkerchiefs, val. 1 s. two muslin handkerchiefs, val. 12 d. one silk handkerchief, val. 6 d. one linen handkerchief, val. 3 d. three aprons, val. 3 s. three shifts, val. 5 s. six silver tea spoons, val. 7 s. a pair of silver tea tongs, val. 18 d. and two silver spoons, val. 7 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Randall 
                  




                
            . July 19
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Randall 
               



            . The Prisoner was my servant
, she came to live with me on Monday the 15th of July, and I lost these goods on Friday the 19th. About 4 o'clock in the morning the door was found open by our own workmen , when they came to work, and she was stopped the same morning with the goods by Mr. Paine, a pawnbroker.


                  Matthew 
                  Paine 
               



            . On the 19th of July, about 6 o'clock in the morning, the Prisoner brought four silver tea spoons to me, and she asked 8 s. upon them; I said, if she would make them out to be her property I would lend her six shillings upon them. She said they were her sister's . Seeing her in a little confusion I suspected her, and bid my boy go with her to her sister's, but she did not carry him to her sister's: and the boy brought her back to me, and then she owned whose they were; and she gave me two more spoons, and told me whose they were; she said they were Mr. Randall's, in 
               
                  Bartholomew 
                  Cross 
               



            . I went with her to Mr. Randall's, and he threatened to charge the constable with her, if she did not tell where the other things were; and the constable said he would intercede with Mr. Randall as far as he could, to be merciful to her; and then she gave him the bundle.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Bell 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner about five years, I know she left 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Wadland 
               



            's service on the Tuesday, and went into Mr. Randall's service the Monday following.
Another Witness. She was a lodger with me about a week, and I trusted her with a great deal of linen that I had of gentlemens, and she never wronged me at all. She went from me to Mr. Randall's to live.


                  Mary 
                  Crisp 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner ever since she was born.
Q. Is not she a relation of yours?
Crisp. Yes, she is a relation of mine. She came of a very honest family, and I believe no body can stain the family with any thing but this - I am her sister. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


