






130. 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Oldfield 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one quilted Petticoat, value 3 s. one Cloth Cloak, value 2 s. one Cap, value 6 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Scott 
                        



                      
                  ; one Peruke, value 10 s. three Linen Shirts, value 14 d. two Linen Towels, value 2 d. and one Rug
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Starbank 
                  



                
            , January 21
.


                  Sarah 
                  Scott 
               



            . The Prisoner at the Bar, she owned that she robbed me, but I found no more than the quilted Coat and the Boy's Coat upon her.
Q. What are you?
Scott. I am a Servant to 
               
                  William 
                  Starbank 
               



            ; I am a married Woman, my Husband's Name is 
               
                  James 
                  Scott 
               



            .
Q. Whose Petticoat was that ?
Scott. The Petticoat is mine, and the Duffil Coat was the Apprentice's.
Q. At what Time did you lose these Things?
Scott. The 21st of January I went out at Half an Hour after One, and came home Half an Hour after Five, and found my Door open.
Q. Was this Duffil Coat and Petticoat there at Half an Hour after One, when you went away?
Scott. Yes, my Lord.
Q. How came you to know they were taken by this Woman?
Scott. I found them the 24th of January at this Woman's, Joannah Cornish.
Q. Do you know any thing of your own Knowledge, how Joannah Cornish came by this Petticoat and Duffil Coat ?
Scott. The Prisoner confessed before the Justice, that she had sold them to her.
Q. What things was she charged with taking?
Scott. She said she had a white Cloak, two Caps, two Hats, a white Wig, &c.
Q. Was you with the Prisoner before the Justice when she made this Confession? Was the Confession signed by her?
Scott: I can't tell, my Lord.
Q. Do you know any thing further of your own Knowledge? Did the Prisoner tell you at any other Time what she had taken?
Scott. When I went to her at Newgate, she stood to that, that this Woman had all but a blue Rug for 3 s. 3 d.
Q. to Joannah Cornish. What do you know of Matter ?
Cornish. The Prisoner came to my House the 24th of January, and brought me a quilted Petticoat, and an old blue Frock or Shirt, made in the Form of a Shirt; she asked me 5 s. for it. I said they were not worth it, and I gave her 3 s. 3 d. for them, the quilted Petticoat was dirty, I washed it, and hung it up at my Door for Sale; the Prosecutor came by and saw it, and said it was her Property; they were to give me eight Days to find the Prisoner, but instead of eight they gave me but one, and sent me to Bridewell, till I was bailed and found the Prisoner.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


