





164. 
               
                  
                     Lydia 
                     Collett 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a scarlet cloth waistcoat, value 6 s. a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. and six-pence in money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cox 
                  




                
            , Feb. 11
.


                  John 
                  Cox 
               



            . Last Saturday was sev'night between nine and ten at night, I was coming up the Fleet-Market, and about the middle of it I was surrounded by about half a dozen women, who forced me into a house in Love's Court


 in George Alley


, they made me go up stairs, and then bade me strip, and go to bed; I said I would not; they told me, if I did not, they would fetch half a dozen who should knock my brains out; so I stripped and went to bed, the Prisoner at the bar came up when I was in bed.
Q. Was not she with you before?
Cox. She was not one of the women that forced me into bed. They left me with the woman they forced me into bed to.
Q. Was there any body in bed when you went into it?
Cox. Yes, there was. The Prisoner came up into the room and took my breeches from under the bolster, and took six-pence, a knife, and some papers out of my breeches pocket.
Q. Was that all you had in your breeches pocket?
Cox. When I went in I had eighteen pence, (they brought up liquor, and said I must pay for it;) that was all I had then. The Prisoner had given my waistcoat away to another woman before, and she had my breeches in her hand: She said, if I would not give her my handkerchief, and the buttons out of my sleeves, she would fetch up half a dozen who were below in the court; I stung my handkerchief to her, and took my breeches out of her hand; then she said she would go and call some people up: I went directly out of the house, got some assistance, came and broke the door open. I found only the woman whom I went to bed to and another in the house.
Q. Are you sure the Prisoner is the woman that took the six-pence out of your pocket?
Cox. I am sure she is the woman; she took six-pence, a knife, and a handkerchief, and threatened my life, and she gave my waistcoat to another woman, and it was carried down stairs. I carried the two women before a Magistrate, and he committed them to hard labour, and a man who pretends to be the husband of one of them brought my handkerchief and waistcoat; the Alderman told him, if he did not give a good account how he came by those things, he would send him to Newgate. The man said he would produce the woman who had them; and the Prisoner was taken. I was sent for before the Alderman, I knew the Prisoner, and he committed her to Newgate.
Q. You say, you were hurried up by 2 dozen women.
Cox. It was by half a dozen Women.
Q. Was it not a market night, and a great many people about?
Cox. I believe it was.
Q. Why did not you call out?
Cox. I could not, for they stopped my mouth.
Q. When the waistcoat was taken from you, you said you run down stairs, did not you complain to the people in the market about it?
Cox. No, I went directly to my acquaintance.
Q. Why did not you go to those people who were nearest you?
Cox. Because I did not know whether they would be so ready to assist me.
Q. Did not you charge the other two women with abusing and robbing you?
Cox. Not with robbing me.
Q. Did not you order the waistcoat to be pawned for your convenience at that time?
Cox. I did not.
- Hebborn, the Constable, said, that last Saturday was sevennight at night Mr. Cox charged him with two Women, and charged them with robbing him, and he sent them to Bridewell.
PRISONER'S DEFENCE.


                  Henry 
                  Amps 
               



            . Last Saturday was sevennight the Prisoner came to my house, in Swan-Alley in the Minories, between seven and eight in the evening, - she is a clear-stearcher
, and had some linen of my wife's to clean - We asked her to sup, and she eat and drank with us; after supper, it began to rain hard: Said I, there's a bed at your service, if you please; and she lay there all night - I went to bed between ten and eleven, and she went to bed when I did.


                  Robert 
                  Catheral 
               



            . Saturday was sevennight, I went to Mr. Amps's about a little business, and staid from nine till twelve, and the Prisoner was there all the time; she was at supper when I went in.
Jury to Amps. What trade are you?
Amps. I am a Taylor by trade.
Q. What business is your wife?
Amps. I am able to support her without that.
Q. What time was it, Mr. Cox, when you were forced into the house?
Cox. It was between nine and ten o'clock.
Q. How long might you be there?
Cox. I believe about half an hour.
A Watchman. When the Prisoner was taken, she was going into that Alley where the robbery was committed.
Cox. She lives in that place. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


