





+ 140. 
               
                  
                     Barbara 
                     Hensman , otherwise 
Harman




               
            , of St. Ann's Westminster


, was indicted for 


               stealing 9 silver spoons, value 4 l. 12 silver-handled knives, value 40 s. 12 silver-handled forks, value 20 s. one silver-handled knife, value 10 s. one silver-handled fork, value 5 s. a silver pint mug, value 40 s. and two holland shirts, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Emanuel 
                           Deseret 
                        



                      
                  , and a pair of silver buckles, value 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        EliZ 
                        GOODWIN 
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Emanuel 
                        Deseret 
                     



, Jan. 20
.
Amey Deseret. On the 20th of January, after tea in the morning, this young gentlewoman, Mrs. GOODWIN, told me, that we were robbed, I asked her of what? she said, of two shirts and her buckles; I was very much surprized, and looked to see if we had lost any thing else, and I missed nine silver spoons, a dozen of silver-handled knives, thirteen forks, and a silver pint mug.
Q. How came you to suspect the Prisoner?
Deseret. She was my servant
 at that time, this was on Friday, and she was to have been discharged the next day; we took her the same day in our own house; I asked her, who had been there? she said, No body but her husband.
Q. Did she say, she supposed her husband took them?
Deseret. She did not say that.
Q. Have you got your goods again?
Deseret. I have not found any thing at all; the spoons and the pint mug were in her charge, and she had a place to lock them up in; she said, she did let a man in, but I don't think he could carry them off without her knowledge; she has owned since, that she took away three spoons in Christmas week.
ELIZ. GOODWIN. She confessed she carried out three of the spoons in Christmas week, and gave them to the man she called her husband.
Q. Did she say, any body else had been there?
GOODWIN. She said, no body had been there but her husband.
Q. Did not she say, that her husband must take them?
GOODWIN. She did not say so; I told her, if no body else had been there, he had stole them.


                  Anne 
                  Medlicot 
               



            . The 28th of Dec. the man who goes for her husband brought three spoons to me to pawn; I saw a crest upon them, and refused to take them in; she came afterwards; I asked her, whether they were her own spoons? or how she came by them? She said, she had them of an Embassador for a debt, but I did not take them in; I found out afterwards who she lived with, and then I believed them to be stole.
The Prisoner produced a Witness, who said, that she had lived with him as a servant, and always behaved herself well; and, by what he had heard, behaved well, wherever she lived as a servant, and believes she is a sober honest woman.
Another Witness said, she had known her all her life time, and that she always behaved herself well, and has lived in very creditable families.
Prisoner. I have lived in creditable good families, with great people, both here and in my own country (Holland) and they know my character, God Almighty take my soul! I am not guilty of this thing, indeed.




               Guilty of stealing three spoons, to the value of 20 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


