






301. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Smith 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Pair of Worsted stockings
            , the Goods and Chattels of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Combs 
                  




                
            .


                  Daniel 
                  Fryer 
               



            . What have you to charge the Prisoner at the Bar with ?
Fryer. She came the 6th of last Month to our Shop at Holbourn-Bridge


, to Mr. Combs's Shop; she ask'd to see a Pair of Stockings; this would not do, nor the other do; she wanted a particular odd Colour: While I was looking them out, she says you need not trouble yourself, I have fix'd upon a Pair I like very well; I am going to Mrs. Harrison's; my Mistress heard her, for she has been an old Offender at our Shop. My Mistress said follow her; accordingly I did, but instead of going over to the Upholsterer's Shop, she went up Shoe Lane; she cross'd up a narrow dark Entry: I follow'd her, and ask'd her if she had not got a Pair of Stockings; she said I should search her. Whilst she was fumbling she dropt a Pair of Stockings, so I happen'd to see them. I said here are the Stockings which you took from our Shop; she said they stuck to her Apron, for she did not know how they came there. She was ask'd by my Lord Mayor, what Money she had in her Pocket? She answer'd she had none but a few Half-pence.
Q. Was she acquainted with your Shop at all?
Fryer. She has been at the Shop two or three Times; we have two or three Memorandums that we can prove she stole Stockings before.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Spink 
               



            ) What do you know of this Matter?
Spink. This Man following the young Woman, and overtaking of her, I was sent for; when these Stockings were brought to me, they were a little wet. When she was brought before my Lord Mayor, he said are you not a fine Lady to go into a Tradesman's Shop without Money.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) What have you to say in your Defence? or have you any Witnesses?
Prisoner. I have none at present.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


