





112. + 
               
                  Jane 
                  Graham 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 4 Guineas and 9 Shillings, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Parker 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his Person
            , Jan. 13th
.


                  Thomas 
                  Parker 
               



            . On Thursday Morning last, I went to see an Acquaintance at the other End of the Town; I had drank a little more than ordinary; and coming home at Night, I met the Prisoner somewhere about Holbourn-Bridge; she picked me up, and carried me into a Bawdy-house in Goldsmith Alley in Holbourn


 ; she was to get a Bed for me, which accordingly she did, and I gave Sixpence for it, and the Prisoner went to Bed with me. I undressed myself all but my Stockings, and laid my Breeches under my Head on the Off-side: I had not been in Bed long before she put her Arm a-cross me. - She made a long Arm: I asked what she meant by that; and she did not seem to give me any Answer. I had Occasion, soon after, to go to my Pocket to pay for some Liquor which we had, as we sat in Bed; and I found that my Breeches were removed, and there was not a Farthing left in my Pocket. - I had four Guineas and some Silver, but I cannot tell how much. - I saw the four Guineas after I was in Bed. - I was not asleep , I might be in a little Dose. - I got up immediately, and called to the Landlord, and told him I had lost all my Money. - The Landlord and a Watchman came up; and there was a Guinea found in one of her Stockings. - Her Stockings were never off any more than mine. I thought she had a Guinea in her Mouth, but I can't be sure of that; one Guinea and nine Shillings were found upon the Bed. - The other two Guineas I can give no Account of.


                  James 
                  Deering 
               



            . On Thursday last I was calling the Hour at four o'Clock, and a Man came out and called, Watch! He desired me to come in, and said there was a Robbery committed - He said, there was a Man and a Woman in Bed: that they had not been long there before the Man missed his Money: I saw eight Shillings in Silver, and a Guinea, upon the Bed, and one Shilling upon the Floor, and one Guinea was found in her Stocking; she had her Finger in her Mouth, but whether she swallowed the other two I cannot tell.
Prisoner. I was sitting down at Holbourn-Bridge, and that young Man coming by, I asked him for a Penny; he said, if I would shew him where to get a Dram he would give me a Penny; we went to this House, drank three Quarterns of Gin by the Fire-side, and two more after we were in Bed; he fell asleep, and the Landlord came up, took his Breeches from under his Head, and gave me a Guinea; he pulled all my Clothes off my Back.
Parker. You had hardly any Clothes; you had never a Smock on that I saw. 

               Guilty of the Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


