





197. + 
               
                  
                     Robert
                      Crane . otherwise 
                     
Graham




               
             , of St. Mary Le Bone


, was indicted for 


               stealing a gold ring, value 15 s. a gold ring set with a ruby, value 10 s. a silver spoon, value 8 s. a snuff box, value 6 s. a silver medal, value 2 s. a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 10 s. a pair of silver knee buckles, value 5 s, a cloth coat, value 20 s. an India damask waistcoat, value 1 s. a pair of shag breeches, value 10 s. calimanco petticoat, value 20 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Thompson 
                     




                   , in his dwelling house
            , Sept. 19th
.


                  Henry 
                  Thompson 
               



            . My house was broke open the 19th of September last, and I lost the things mentioned in the indictment. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Uptebake 
               



             sent for me to New Prison, and informed me who did it.


                  Joseph 
                  Uptebake 
               



            . + On the 19th of Sept. Leekey, Robinson and I went out to rob; and we met with the prisoner.
+ He was evidence in December Sessions against 
               
                  James 
                  Leekey 
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Robinson 
               



            , who were convicted for the same robbery, and executed. See Sessions paper, No 1. of this Mayorality page 5, Trials 13 and 14.
Q. Had you been concerned with him before?
Uptebake . Only in selling brass rings, no farther. When we met him, we desired him to take a walk with us.
Q. Did he know what you were going upon?
Uptebake . I don't know that he did. As we came by Mr. Thompson's house (just by Oxford Chapel) we saw the door upon a jar; Leekey went in first , and Robinson followed him in, with a candle he had in a dark lanthorn.
Q. What time was this?
Uptebake. Between 8 and 9 at night Leekey came out with a bundle of wearing apparel up to his chin, and he let them tumble in the street. Leekey made use of some bitter imprecations; and made Graham [the prisoner] take them up in his apron: and we carried them to one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cane 
               



             [she is now under sentence of transportation, for receiving these goods knowing them to be stole] In the mean time news was brought to Graham that his wife was in labour; and he went away while Leekey, Robinson and I sold the things.
Q. How did you divide the money?

Uptebake. Between Leekey, Robinson and I.
Q. Had the prisoner any part of the money?
Uptebake. I believe not; I believe he had a pair of silver shoe buckles and knee buckles, that Leekey concealed. I know Leekey and he had some difference about them (we did not know that Leekey had concealed them, till we saw the advertisement ) and they were going to fight about them, at Mr. Bradbury's, the Black Horse in Church Lane St. Giles's; Graham said to Leekey had cheated him in pawning the shoe buckles and knee buckles; and Leekey said , that then he was even with him, for Graham had cheated him of money, in selling brass rings for gold ones, in not giving him so much of the money as belonged to him.
Q. How far was Graham off when the house was robbed ?
Uptebake . I believe he was twice as far as the length of this court.
Q. How came he to be so far off?
Uptebake. I believe he did not know what * enterprise we were going out upon.
* Uptebake in the information he made before justice Poulson differs very much from what he swars now: for there he says, they agreed to go out together, and met for that purpose, and that the prisoner had part of the goods, and part of the money, which amounted to three or four pounds a piece.
Q. Then how could he expect any part of the buckles?
Uptebake . I am convinced in my mind, he had only a part of them.
Prisoner. Had you any design to put me into your information, till you was desired to do it by the high constable ?
Uptebake . I did not know there was any occasion to do it upon such trifling affairs, because, I believe he did not know at first what we were going about; afterwards I was informed that the prisoner was the principal instrument of my being taken up, then I put him into my information - He never committed any other robbery with me but this. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


