





489. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Worgan 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three Gallons of Geneva, value 6 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Loth 
                  Leader 
               




            , Sept. 14
. 
Loth Leader. The Prisoner lived with me from November till February 7, and since he has been gone from me, I took up another Servant for robbing me; and he confessed, the Prisoner assisted him in robbing me; I took up the Prisoner, and he confessed, that they had robbed me of three Gallons of Gin; and that he, and the other, had sold it, and divided the Money between them; I take it the Thing was done in this Manner; suppose a Woman sends for a Gallon of Gin, they took it in a two Gallon Runlet, which they filled, delivered the Gallon to her, and sold the rest.
- Hill. Mr Leader came to me, and said, I must take up his Man Jemmy (that is, Jemmy Blank) and when I took him up, he owned, he had robbed Mr Leader; said Mr Leader, Was 
               
                  William 
                  Worgan 
               



             over concerned with you? He said, Yes; that when they carried Gin to Owen's, they took two Gallons instead of one, and sold the other, and divided the Money between them - I am positive, he owned, that he did it three Times.


                  Edward 
                  Bilby 
               



            . The Prisoner lived with me three Months since he left Mr Leader, and he never wronged me of a Farthing, and I have treated him with 3 l at a Time.


                  James 
                  Harris 
               



            . The Prisoner loged with me two or three Years, I never knew any Harm of him in my Life; and I have known him him 20 Years.


                  William 
                  Collier 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner a great many Years, and he always was accounted a very honest Man.


                  Thomas 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I have known him about 12 Years; he has the Character of an honest Man, and always industrious to work when he could get Business.


                  Jane 
                  Bowers 
               



            . I have known him twenty-two Years, and never knew any Ill of him; he is a hard-working Man. 


               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


