





67. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Oakes 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven Yards of Camblet, two Shuttles made of Wood
            , the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brown 
                  




                
            , September 7
.
Q. to 
               
                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            . What did you lose?
Brown. Seven Yards of Camblet, that was cut out of my Loom; I found my Shop broke open, I got Mr Gold to go with me to seek after the Prisoner: I suspected the Prisoner, and I went after him, he had told me where he lodged; - I went after him to a Place called King-street at Hoxton. As I was passing he spoke to me first, and I laid hold of him by the Collar, and said, you are the Man that I wanted, I have a Suspicion that you have robbed me; as I had hold of him, I desired Mr Gold to observe, that he threw nothing of his Pocket; the Prisoner pulled a Shuttle out of his Pocket, and I took hold of it, and it is the same Shuttle I lost out of my House, and there was a Pair of Pickers picked up by Gold.
Q. to - Brown. Do you understand the Nature of an Oath? Have you learned your Catechism?
Brown, the Father, answers, That his Son was not Book-learned.
Court. What is the Reason you do not teach your Children their Catechism, &c. The Neglect of Childrens Education, is the Occasion of half our Business here.
Brown. My Lord, my Father went out about four o'Clock the 7th of September, about five o'Clock I locked the Shop door, and brought the Key down, and put it in the Kitchen Window.
Q. Then you locked the Kitchen-Door?

Brown. Yes, my Lord; I then carried the Key of the Kitchen to my Father, and came home with him about eight o'Clock, and as I went to Bed, I found the Door broke open; I called to my Father to come up, but he did not come at the first, and I said, For God's Sake come up, for the Door is broke open! When my Father came up, we missed the two Shuttles, and a Pair of Pickers, and the Camblet taken out of the Loom.
Q. Was there any body else left in the House?
Brown. The outward Door was left upon the Latch for Gold to come in, that lodged in the House.


                  Richard 
                  Gold 
               



            . As I came Home at Night, between eight and nine o'Clock. I was gone up to Bed; I hears the Boy cry out Father! Father! pray come up, for the Door is broke open; so he desired I would go with him to see after the Prisoner. We went up to Hoxton to enquire where he lodged; as we were near Hoxton square, there we met the Prisoner, he spoke first to us, and said I hope no Harm: then Mr Brown said, you are the Man I want, and took hold of him by the Collar, and Brown desired I would look after him, to see that he did not pull any thing out of his Pocket. I saw him take the Shuttle out of his Left-hand Pocket.
Q. What then?
Gold. So Mr Brown took hold of it with his Right-Hand; then we went about 20 Yards, and there was a Pair of Pickers thrown down; but when he threw them down, I cannot say. I picked them up, and Mr Brown said he could swear that that they were his Pickers. The Stuff was delivered to the Constable by 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Topham 
               



            .
Q. to the Prisoner. What have you to say for yourself?
Prisoner. I worked at his House for about a Week. I went to see for other Work, for fear that should be gone; coming along Spital Fields, I kick'd a Sort of a Bundle before me, and picked it up, and brought it Home to my Lodgings; this Mr Brown, I told him where I lodged. I got to Hoxton, and I did not know him. I was a little in Liquor, so he carried me to the Watch house, the next Morning to the Constable's House; carrying me to the Constable's, he would have made it up with my Mother for 30 s. at last he fell down to 20 s. so she would have gave him 15 s. if she sold her Bed from under her.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Sipham 
               



            . I have heard that the Prisoner is an hard working Man. I live by him.


                  William 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner from a Baby, and he has always behaved in an handsome Manner.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


