





82. 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Burn 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a Dussel Coat, a Black Cloth Coat, a Grey Cloth Coat, and Breeches, and a Hat, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Thorne 
                        




                      
                  , in his Dwelling-House
            , February 15
.
Edw Thorne. I am a Dyer
, and live in Butcher-Hall-Lane


. On the 13th of February, about 8 at Night, I was call'd Home, and inform'd that I had been robb'd. I found the Prisoner in my House, in Custody of these Men, and in going into my Back Garret, I missed the Goods mentioned in the Indictment, but on going into the Fore-Garret, I saw the Dussel Coat hanging on a Neighbour's Sign-Iron.


                  James 
                  Brooks 
               



            . As I was going along, between 7 and 8 in the Evening, I saw a Bundle of Cloaths or something like it, come out of Mr. Thorne's Garret-Window. A Man who was before me, pick'd them up, and we carried them in, and while we were talking to Thorne's Apprentice, the Prisoner ran out of the House. We sent the Boy after him, and he was brought back; and then I went away.


                  John 
                  Cleveland 
               



            . I was standing over-against the Prosecutor's Door, and saw a Bundle come from the Top of the House. As soon as they fell, a Man took them up, and was going with them towards Newgate-Street, but, on my crying Stop Thief! he dropp'd them into the Kennel, and ran away, and I carried them into Mr. Thorne's House. Just as I got to the Door, and was going into the Shop, the Prisoner rush'd out of the Entry, and ran away as fast as he could. The Apprentice follow'd him, crying Stop Thief! and under Alders-gate he was taken.
Prisoner. Has the Prosecutor no Lodgers?
Mr. Thorne. Yes, I have Lodgers, but they have lived in my House some Time.


                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            . On the 13th Day of this Month, about 7 or 8 o'Clock, I was at Work in the Shop, and Mr. Brooks called me to the Door, and asked me, if there were any Lodgers in the House? Immediately the Prisoner ran out of the House; I pursued him, and under Aldersgate we took him. As he was running down Angel-street, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Spencer 
               



             attempted to stop him, and he cut him down with something that he had in his Hand.


                  William 
                  Wheeler 
               



            . I was at work between seven and eight o'Clock, and hearing a Cry of Stop Thief! I ran out, and saw the Prosecutor's 'Prentice pursuing the Prisoner. I followed them, and saw the Prisoner strike at 
               
                  Edward 
                  Spencer 
               



            , and cut his Hand. He then ran down to Aldersgate, and attempted to go through the little Postern, but two Men coming by a-breast, he was stopped and taken.


                  Edward 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I was at work in Angel street, and hearing a Cry of Stop Thief! I went to take hold of the Prisoner, who was running very fast, and with a Knife or Hanger, I can't teil which, he cut me a-cross the Hand.


                  Jesse 
                  Cluer 
               



            . I saw the Prisoner running along, with a large Clasp Knife in his Hand.
Prisoner. I was going along, and these Men came after me, and said I was the Man that cut the other Man's Hand, and I knew nothing at all of it.


                  Catherine 
                  Ivory 
               



            . The Prisoner lodged with me, and I never knew him to be out of his Lodging at an unseasonable Hour in my Life.




               Guilty to the Value of 15 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


