





142. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Barber 
                  



               
            , of St Botolph's, Bishopsgate


, was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Crolee 
                        




                      
                   on the King's Highway, putting him in Fear, and taking from him a Silver Watch, value 40 s. and 2 s. in Money
            .


                  John 
                  Crolee 
               



            . Sept. 4
, about 7 o'Clock in the Evening, at the End of Houndsditch


, the Prisoner asked me to give her a Dram; she had two or three more Creatures with her: Thinks I, I had better give this Creature a Dram, than be troubled with her. We went into Magpye-Alley: As soon as the Dram was called for, I paid for it, came away, and left her, and went down Devonshire-street; there she stopt me again: When I came into Sandwich-Court, she seized me round the Neck, and hugged me, and at that Time picked my Pocket of two Shillings and some Half-pence, and she demanded the Watch out of my Hand: I told her she should not have it, for it was not mine: Says I, Madam, you will not have the Watch, by G - d: But, by G - d, says she, I will. She catched hold of the Watch, snatched it from me, broke a strong Cat-gut, and I fell backwards upon my A - e. I went back to the House where I had the Dram, the Man goes by the Name of Old Dad, and told him; he said, he knew nothing of it, it was nothing to him. I stood in the Street till twelve o'Clock, and by the Help of Mr. Stout, she was taken up. I am sure the Prisoner is the Person.


                  William 
                  Stout 
               



            . I saw the Prosecutor in the Street about twelve o'Clock: He told me he had lost his Watch, and by several Circumstances I thought it was the Prisoner that had it: We went to Old Dad Welch, and he asked him, if he could help him to a Guinea, at last he said half a Guinea, to help him to his Watch. The Prosecutor said, he could not. We took him up, carried him to the Watch-house , and afterwards to the Compter. The Prisoner has said since, she wished she had not returned the Watch.
Prisoner. It is only Spight in this 
               
                  William 
                  Stout 
               



            , for he is as likely to take it as any Body; and that Man (the Prosecutor) does not know who to swear it to, any more than the Child in his Mother's Womb. He was very much in Liquor.

Han. Welch . He charged 
               
                  Nan 
                  Brown 
               



             with it : This Man was asleep upon a Stall three Hours. - I never saw him to know his Face.
Q. How then can you tell that he was the Man that was asleep upon the Balle ?
Welch. Only by the Cloath he had on.


                  Mary 
                  Stout 
               



            . This Prosecution is all out of Malice.


                  Anne 
                  Thomas 
               



             gave her the Character of a very honest Girl.
Han. Welch, jun. I was coming down Sandwich-Court between six and seven o'Clock on Saturday Night , about five Weeks ago, and met the Gentleman who accuses this Woman with this Robbery, and he would have used me barbarously, if it had not been for a Man that was coming along. - You are the Man; you had a light-coloured Coat on, and a Sort of an Apron; I will take my Oath of it. - He took hold of me, and called me very unhandsome Names, and said, I had robbed him of his Watch. He slapp'd my Face, and gave me 2 or 3 unhandsome Kicks.


                  Mary 
                  Glode 
               



             confirmed the Evidence of the last Witness, and said he would have used her so, if she had not got away.




               Guilty of the Felony, acquitted of the Putting in Fear
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


