





450. 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Pennil 
                  



               
            , of St. Clement Dane's


, was indicted for 


               stealing three silver spoons, value 7 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Delany 
                  




                
            , Gent
. Septem. 29
.


                  Rachel 
                  Crossley 
               



            . The Prisoner was my servant

 - I live in chambers in the Temple


 , and look after Mr. Delany's chambers and make his bed, these spoons were left in my care. The 28th of September I missed a bottle of Madeira wine, and asked the Prisoner what was become of it? She said she knew nothing of it. The next day I missed a large silver spoon and a tea spoon, I asked her where they were? She said Mr. Delany had locked them up in his bureau. When Mr. Delany came in, I said did you take a large silver spoon and a tea spoon? He said he had not seen them since he left them in my care, and expected them at my hand. I missed three spoons out of the tea chest, I asked the Prisoner what was become of the great spoon, I believe I said a rash word, I said I will know before you go out of this room by the living G - d, then she said she had pawned it in Houghton-street by Clare-Market; as to the little spoons she said they were sold, and I never could have them more; said I, Who dare buy stolen goods? You have given them to Mrs. Steer, that is a woman I did not like. I called to the man who is my servant and bid him go for a warrant, and threatened her that I would have one: then she said they were pawned in Purpool-Lane , and they were found there; she had pawned the great spoon in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Delany 
               



            , and I paid 5 s. 3 d. for it. She confessed she stole them out of the closet in Mr. Delany's room.
Q. What is your business?
Crossley. My business is to take care of gentlemens chambers in the Temple, I have the care of seven chambers.


                  Thomas 
                  Crawforth 
               



            . I was with my mistress and the Prisoner before the Justice, and she owned she took all the three spoons, and went with my mistress to the Pawnbroker's to fetch this large spoon.
Mrs. Horne. The Prisoner lived three Years with Mrs. Crossley, and when she discharged her I took her without asking any character of her of Mrs. Crossley .
Mrs. - . I know the Prisoner was Mrs. Crossley's servant, and that she was a servant to Mr. Field, and when she was his servant I have heard her desire him, that he would not leave the key in his bureau; she has taken me to his bureau and showed me several bank bills and sums of money, which she might have taken if she would.
The Prisoner's sister said the Prisoner had lived with Mrs. Crossley three years and upwards, that after she had had her spoons again, she kept her all day on the Monday, then discharged her, and afterwards took out a warrant against her. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


