





277. 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wellthrasher 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Box, value 12 d. one Silk Night gown. value 40 s. one Pair of Gloves , value 1 s. one black Fan, value 2 s. &c.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Lewis 
               




             , July the 4th
 .


                  Sarah 
                  Lewis 
               



             . As I was in the Coach going through Shoreditch


 , I call'd out to the Coachman, and said, there is a Man that has my Box; upon this the Prisoner was soon seiz'd with the Box. The Box was put behind the Coach . Indeed I did not like it should have been put there, but the Coachman said it was very safe .
Prisoner . As I was passing along there, a Gentleman said to me, there is behind such a Coach a Box; I would have you take it, and carry it to such a Place .
Richard Lane . I saw the Prisoner with a Knot upon his Shoulder take the Box from behind the Coach , which the Gentlewoman saw herself, and she called out, and said, The Man has got my Box. And the Prisoner ran down New-inn-Yard, Shoreditch ; so I seiz'd him by the Sleeve of his Coat, I ask'd him what Business he had with that Box; he said, he was not going far with it. I said, I did not design he should.


                  Thomas 
                  Hawkins 
               



            . Please ye , my Lord, I took hold of the Box upon his Back . I am the Coachman. Mrs Lewis took a Place in my Coach , and I put the Box in myself, and a-going along Shoreditch this Man took it down. When I seiz'd him with it the Excuse he made was , that a Gentleman told him to take it.
Prisoner . I was desired by a Gentleman to carry this Box to Old-Street .
Q. to Hawkins . Was the Box tied behind the Coach ?
Hawkins . No, my Lord; because we have a Place to put them without any Manner of trouble.
Prisoner. I have nothing more to say, but when these People came to me the Gentleman was gone .
Q. to the Prisoner . Is it usual for Persons to take Boxes off a Coach, without calling to the Coachman ? Will you call any Witnesses ?
Prisoner . No, my Lord. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


