





161. + 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Tibbet 
                  



               
            , of St. James's Clerkenwell


, was indicted for 


               stealing two purses, value 1 d. and 50 s. in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Currey 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , Dec. 1
.


                  James 
                  Currey 
               



            . About a year ago the Prisoner came to my house in order to have a lodging as she used to do now and then: my wife and I had some words, and she went out; I shut the door against her, and kept her out. My wife was afraid I should take the money, and she hid it behind the bed - as she told me: the Prisoner went to make the bed, when she had done she went away, and has not been seen for a year and a quarter till the other day - I saw her take the money from under the bed's head.


                  Catharine 
                  Currey 
               



            . The Prisoner came to my house for a lodging that night, and several other nights - That night was about five weeks before last Christmas was twelvemonth. My husband wanted to go out, and I was not willing he should, and he being angry, for fear he should take the money which I had in my pocket, I put it behind the bed between the wall and the bed's head - There were fifty four shillings in silver.
Q. What did you go out for?
Currey. For a minute or two, in order to pacify my husband; and he said, if I went out, I should stay till I was cold: the Prisoner came out in two or three minutes after, and says to me, do not go in till I come back again; she then had her hand under her apron; said I, where are you going? she said she was going for water, which was about eight or nine yards off, but she did not come back: when I went in I looked for my money, and it was gone. I told my husband of it, and asked him who had been there; he said nobody but Mrs. McCardell (for the Prisoner went by that name then) - When she was before the Justice she denied she took it, but about two days afterwards in New Prison she owned she saw me put it behind the bed, and that she took it away.


                  Thomas 
                  Bruden 
               



            . I was that night at 
               
                  James 
                  Curgreys 
               



            's house, and staid supper; the Prisoner was there, and they said they had lost some money that night: Currey heard something of the Prisoner, and desired I would look out for her. I went several times, and could not find her, but at last I met with her in White Cross Street, by Old Street Church, with a pewter standish under her arm, and she had upon her a gold ring belonging to my wife. I asked her concerning Mr. Currey's money, and she said she did not know any thing of the matter. I said you had better own it, for I will not part with you. She was carried before a Justice, and there she owned that her husband (
               
                  Arthur 
                  McCardel 
               



             ) ordered her to go into Currey's house to take the money; and that she took the money, gave it to him, and he gave her six-pence, and that was all she had of it.


                  Martha 
                  Bruden 
               



            . The Prisoner said she took the money; I asked her how she came to take it; she said, she saw her landlady tell the money into the purse, and saw where she put it, and so was induced to take it. 


               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


