





273. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Ransom , alias 
Bickley, alias 
Chickley, alias 
Sarah the Cork-cutter




               
             was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Percival 
                        




                      
                  , in an Alley, near the King's Highway, putting him in fear, &c. and taking from him a Moidore, and 36 s. Piece
            , May 9
.
Percival. On the 9th of May, I brought a Mare to Town, which I carried to Smithfield, and sold to one Mr Whitesides, at the Bear and Ragged Staff, for 7 l. 7 s. and a Horse to boot. He gave me 2 36 s. Pieces, a Moidore, and a Guinea and Half, and 16 s. and 6 d. in Silver. The Gold I put in one Pocket, and the Silver in another. Then I went to see a Friend in St John Street, and as I was going from thence, to the White Horse Inn, in Fleet-Street, I met a Man, about 6 in the Evening, in a narrow Passage, (White Horse Alley


, I think 'tis called) and he seem'd to be drunk, and endeavoured to stop me. At the same Time a Woman came up in a black Hat, like a Country-woman, and clapp'd me on the Shoulder, and said she must speak with me. I told her I did not know her, and just as I was speaking these Words, the Prisoner came up, and without speaking a Word, thrust her Hand in my Pocket: I clapped my Hand upon my Pocket, but yet I saw her draw out 2 Pieces of Gold with her 2 Fingers, a Moidore, and a 36 s. Piece, I immediately felt in my Pocket, and missed 2 Pieces out of the 5. The Prisoner upon my Oath is the Person. After she had robbed me, she made the best of her Way into a House, about 30 Yards off, and the Door was fastened after her. I knock'd, but nobody would hear; at last some People opened a Window above Stairs, and called Harry, Jack, Tom, and raised a hundred People about me; and some of them bid me get away, for they were all Thieves, and if I had any more Money left, they would have it all. After this a Woman came by, who said she would help me to secure them, and I went with her to St Luke's Head, and sent for the Watch: A Watchman went in Pursuit of them; and about 10 o'Clock we were sent for to the Watch-house, where I saw the Prisoner, and gave the Constable Charge of her. He secur'd her that Night, and next Morning she was carried before Justice Poulson, where she was searched, and a 36 s. Piece dropping out of one of her Stockings, she owned it was my Money, but said the other Woman robbed me, and gave her this Piece.
Mr Whitesides confirmed Mr Percival, in his Account of the Money he received, and said he believed, and could almost swear to the Piece, which was found on the Prisoner, while he was with her before the Justice; because there was a black Spot upon it, which he had before observed. He gave the same Account of the Prisoner's Confession.


                  Philip 
                  Price 
               



             the Watchman, and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Davis 
               



            , the Constable's Evidence were agreeable to the foregoing; the Constable added, that the Prisoner told him, She must, and would be made an Evidence. 


               Guilty Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


