





61. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Marlow 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew's Holbourn


, was 


               indicted for stealing a Watch, with an out-side Case and an in-side Case, made of Silver, val. 30 s. and a Man's Hat, val. 6 d.
            
August 8
. the Property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pantell 
                  




                
             .



                  William 
                  Pantell 
               



             . On Sunday, Aug. 8, as I was selling my Milk, the Woman at the Bar came and snatched my Hat off my Head, and said I should not have it again, unless I would give her a Quartern. She said if I would come up Stairs with her, I should have my Hat; and when I came up Stairs, she snatched my Watch from me. I thought when she took my Hat, she was in Jest, so I went a little farther to serve another Customer, before I demanded it. I have seen her before, as I have been selling Milk in the Street. - She lived in Love's-Court Shoe-Lane, it was about six o'Clock in the Evening.


                  John 
                  Bannister 
               



             . I was sitting upon the Bench; and as he was pouring his Milk out of one Kettle into another, she snatched his Hat off his Head, and went up Stairs, and he went up Stairs too. I did not go up Stairs.


                  John 
                  Banks 
               



            , Constable. On Sunday, August 8. I was sent for into Love's-Court, Shoe-Lane, about six o'Clock in the Evening, and this Boy and she, (the Prisoner) were up one Pair of Stairs, says he, Mr Banks, I have lost my Hat and my Watch; said I to her, give him his Watch, but she would not give it him: The Boy said she had it in the Inside of her Shift, at her Back. So I felt for it and took it from her, it was the Inside of the back Part of her Stays, this is the Watch I took from her.
Pantell. I bought it of one Pearce, under St Dunstan's Church, I am sure this is the Watch she took from me.
Prisoner. The young Man called for a Quartern of Gin, and after that a Quartern of Brandy. There was another young Man there, he went down and left us alone: He had no Money, so he said he would go and pawn the Watch; but he gave me the Watch to pawn, and the Constable took it out of my Bosom.
The Jury desired to know her Character.
Banks. I believe she is a loose Woman.
Court. Was there a third Person there?
Pantell. There was a young Man came up, I think 'twas 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Bowyer 
               



            , - we had no Liquor at all. 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


