





293. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pennel 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five Yards of Genoa Velvet, Value 4 l. 4 s. four Yards three Quarters of Green Satin, two Yards and Half of Scarier Cloth, two yards and Half of Black Silk, and 1 d. 10 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Finch 
                  




                
            , the 25th of July
 last.


                  Q. 
               


            ( to 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Finch 
               



             ) What have you to charge the Prisoner at the Bar with.
Finch. On Monday the 25th of July I was going out in the Evening; my other Servant, 
               
                  John 
                  Wilson 
               



            , told me he saw some of my Goods conceal'd in a Cellar: So I went down into the Cellar, and saw them between the Ceiling and the Boards, but did not take any Notice of it that Night, but went to consult some Friends how I should act. I sent the Prisoner out the next Morning and then tax'd the Maid with it, as they were pretty great; and then I call'd all three before me, and said, One of you must be the Aggressor; come, Thomas, let me look in your Trunk; he said, with all his Heart; and there I found the Piece of Scarlet Cloth mention'd in the Indictment; upon which he confess'd the other Things.
Q. What did he say then ?
Finch. That he took the other Things: I ask'd him for what Use he took them; and he said, to wear. Then I said, it is not agreeable to your Character in Life, it would but expose you.
Q. What were those Things between the Board and the Ceiling ?
Finch. There was five Yards of Genoa Velvet, and two Yards and Half of Black Silk. After that I question'd him about the Watch he had bought; and he then confess'd he had taken a Guinea and a Half in Gold out of my Tiln, and in all about five Pounds.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Will you ask the Gentleman any Questions ?
Prisoner. No, Sir.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Mallison 
               



            ) What have you to say to this Affair ?
Mallison. I was there when the Cloth was taken out of the Trunk, and when the Prisoner confess'd it: He acknowledg'd he had cut that off, and likewise what Mr. Finch has mention'd, and that he had taken about five Pounds in Money.
Q. Did he say any thing about Money ?
Mallison. Yes, Sir, to the Amount of about five Pounds; with Part of which he bought a Watch.
Q. Have you any thing more to say?
Mallison. Nothing material.
Q. Did he mention any particular Pieces?
Mallison. A Guinea and Half at one Time, which he took out of the Desk, which was in order to pay for the Watch.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) What have you to say in your Defence ?
Prisoner. That it is entirely false and groundless.
Q. Have you any Evidences?
Prisoner. No; I trust to God and the Justice and Equity of this Court.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


