






366. 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Kendall 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing 3 Bushels of Coals, val. 2 s. and 9 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  French 
               



             , in the Parish of St Martin in the Fields


. July 8

.
Robert French. I lost a Sack of Coals (containing 3 Bushels) on the 8th of July last, out of a a Cart. As the Prisoner was going with the Cart to a Customer, he stopp'd and sold a Sack in Hedge-Lane



. I did not see him do this, but he has confessed it, and that he sold the Coals there. There was another Man with the Cart beside the Prisoner, and he is gone off for Fear I should take him up. When he was before Mr. Justice Poulson, he owned he sold a Sack of my Coals out of the Cart, (which he was driving to a Customer) to one Mrs 
               
                  Jane 
                  Jones 
               



            , who lives at the Sign of the 2 Brewers in Hedge-Lane, and that Mrs. Jones gave him two Shillings and a Full-pot of Beer for them.
Prisoner. My Fellow-Servant
 loaded 14 Sacks of Coals into the Cart, and we were going with them to Scotland-Yard. As we went thither he bid me stop, and carry a Sack to Hedge-Lane, and tell the Woman they came from 
               
                  John 
                  Mitchell 
               



            ; so I took the Coals, and carry'd them there, and he had the Money; I only had a Draught of the Beer.
Mr. French. He confessed that some Time after he had received the Money, he gave his Partner one Shilling, and kept the other himself. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            

367. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Jones 
                  



                
            , of St Martins in the Fields


, was afterwards indicted for 


               receiving the said 3 Bushels of Coals, knowing them to be stole
            . July 8

.
But Mr. French having nothing to offer in Proof of the Fact, but the Confession of the above-mention'd Felon, the Prisoner was 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


