





466. 
               
                  
                     Judith 
                     Frost 
                  



               
            , of St Giles in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Pair of Sheets, value 6 s.
             the Goods of 
               
                  Conway 
                  Rickaby 
               




            , Oct. 6
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Rickaby 
               



            . I lost a Pair of Sheets off my Bed last Thursday Evening; I left a young Woman to take Care of the House while I went out, and when I came Home I missed the Sheets; the young Woman said, no body had been in the House since I went out, and I fancy the Person that took them must come in at the 
               
                  Garret 
                  Window 
               



            .


                  Martha 
                  Selby 
               



            . The 6th of this Instant the Prisoner came to Mrs Lee, to sell a Pair of Sheets; she said it was for a poor Woman that was really in Necessity, but my Mistress did not care to buy them; then she said she must pawn them, and my Mistress desired me to go and pawn them; I went in a good-natured Way, and was stopped with them.


                  Sarah 
                  Lee 
               



            . The Prisoner brought the Sheets to me to sell; I told her, I did not want any; she said she did it for a poor Woman in Necessity, and must pawn them if she could not sell them, and she could trust me better than any body. I told her I never went to pawn any Thing, but I would send my Servant; my Servant went with them, and was stopped; I kept the Prisoner till I got a Warrant and secured her.


                  Ann 
                  Stringer 
               



            . There was a Pair of Sheets brought to my House to pledge, and I stopped them. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


