







197, 198. 
               


                              William 
                              Donnington 
                           







                   and Mary
                   his 
                  Wife





            , were indicted for 


               stealing one Linnen Gown value 6 s. and one Apron value 2 s.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Corrock 
                  




                
            .


                  Q. 
               


            (to Corrock) What have you to say against the Prisoners?
Corrock. Please you my Lord, on Thursday Se'nnight this 
               
                  William 
                  Donnington 
               



             came to me.
Q. Where do you live?
Corrock. In St. Katherine's Lane


.
Q. Did they come to your House both?
Corrock. Yes. I went up Stairs but could not find any such Things in the Name. When I came down the Door was open; one was within the House, the other was just keeping the Door open; but it was not 'till the next Morning that I miss'd the Things, and I had nobody come in but a Woman of good Character; so I made Enquiry after these People, but could not find them 'till Saturday Morning. When I took them they confess'd they had pledg'd the Gown and checqu'd Shirt; when I found them on Saturday Morning about Eight o'Clock, the Woman, she roll'd and twisted the Apron about so, that she had about her Middle, that I did not see it at the first. I said this is the Apron I lost.
Q. What then, did you find any Thing else upon them?
Corrock. No, my Lord. Then I charg'd a Constable with them, and I told them, if they had a Mind to make any Confession where the Goods were, if the Justice of the Peace would acquit them, I would, could I have my Goods.
Q. What then, did they make any Confession?
Corrock. Yes, my Lord. I was along with the Constable when they made the Confession. The Husband confess'd that how they both had them in their Possession; that the Woman had pledg'd the Gown for 4 s. and confess'd where they sold one chequ'd Shirt and a chequ'd Apron. It was the Man made the Confession.
Q. Did he say at what Place he sold the Things?
Corrock. Near Wellclose-Square. in Rosemary-Lane.
Q. Did you go to Rosemary-Lane when they had told you; or did you go to the Place where they had pledg'd the Gown?
Corrock. They had pledg'd the Gown in New-Street, and I went after it and had it of one Dupee, I think.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) Will you ask this Witness any Question?
Prisoner. No, my Lord.


                  Q. 
               


            (to 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Rickelworth 
               



            ) What do you know of this Matter?
Rickelworth. My Lord, I am an Officer belonging to St. Katherine's. Mr. Corrock came to my House with the two Prisoners at the Bar, the 10th of May.
Q. Well, what then?
Rickelworth. Then I took them into Custody, and carry'd them to an Alehouse opposite to where I liv'd.
Court. T he Prosecutor said he had lost two Aprons, a Shirt, and a Gown.
Rickelworth. We sat down to drink a Pot of Beer, he (the Prosecutor) said that was one of the Aprons about the Woman's Side. She took it off and gave it me.
Q. Did she acknowledge that it was his?
Rickelworth. I can't say she did. The Prosecutor said he could swear to it.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prosecutor) How do you know that Apron?
Corrock. I know it because I had it in Cheque before it was made up. And my Servant made the Apron.
Q. Have you any particular Marks to it? For there are a great many Pieces of Cheque alike.
Corrock. And I charg'd them with the other Things, and she said they had them in Rosemary-Lane.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Constable) What did the Woman say when you charg'd her with the Apron?
Rickelworth. I can't tell what she said, but it was but little. She said I might take it if it was his; I was welcome to it.
Q. What were the other Things he said he bought in Rosemary-Lane?
Rickelworth. The Gown and Shirt were pawn'd in another Place.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prisoner) You hear what this Witness says.
Prisoner. Please you my Lord, I was going home to Rosemary-Lane, and bought these Things at the End of the Minories; a Gown, two Aprons and a Shirt.
Q. Did you give them them to your Wife?
Prisoner. Yes, my Lord.
Q. Have you any Body here to prove that, or to your Character?
Prisoner. I have Friends, but I had not Money to send for them.


                  William 
                  Donnington 
               



             Guilty, his Wife Acquitted.


                  William 
                  Donnington 
               



             and Mary his Wife were a second Time indicted for stealing four Woollen Bed-Curtains value 6 s. one Blanket value 5 s. and one Brass Frying-Pan, &c. The Goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Stevens 
               



            .
Court. (to Stephens) Look at the Prisoners, what do you charge them with?
Stephens. I charge them with robbing me of my Things in my Room.
Q. Where do you live?
Stephens. In Whitechappel-Road. I let these for 2 s. a Week.
Q. Who did you let the Lodgings to?
Stephens. To the Man. He gave me 6 d. Earnest.
Court. Then the Woman was not with him when you let it.
Q. What did you let with it? What Furniture was there in it?
Stephens. Please you my Lord, there was Bed and Bedding, and Table, and Chairs, and Grate, &c. I let these Things with it.
Court. Tell us what Things there were in the Room.
Stephens. Please you my Lord there was a Bed in the Room, a Chest, a Fire-shovel, Poker, Pillows, Blankets, &c. I lost a Blanket, please you my Lord, and a Pair of Sheets, and a Woollen Rug, a Frying-Pan, and a Saucepan, a Candlestick, a Napkin and Pillowbeers. I lost these Things out of the Lodgings whilst the Prisoner Donnington lodg'd there.
Q. How long was this ago?
Stephens. Five Weeks ago last Monday.
Q. When did you miss the Goods?
Stephens. I did not miss them 'till last Saturday Morning.
Q. Why do you say the Prisoner had them?
Stephens. I was going out of the Door last Saturday Morning about Six o'Clock. My Business is a Fish-Meeter at Billingsgate. So they took an Opportunity to carry these Things out when my Wife was a-Bed and a Sleep. I saw them carrying a Bundle. So I overtook them? I said, what are you going away? No, said he, I am coming back to pay you at Night. I steps home again and takes a Ladder and goes in at the Window, and there I miss'd the Goods. I went after them down to St. Katherine's, and there I found they were in the Custody of Rickelworth. The Prisoner carried the Rug out that Morning
Q. Have you got the Rug here?
Stephens. No.
Q. Why did you not bring it?
Stephens. I did not know I should?
Q. What other Things did he own that he took?
Stephens. I got a Search Warrant and search'd the House of Mr. Smith and Mr. Corrock; also a Napkin and Saucepan I found at Mr. Corrock's.
Q. And where did you find the Curtains?
Stephens. At Mr. Smith's in St. Katherine's-Lane. He had sold the Blanket and Sheet at Mr. Jones's. in Black-Horse-Yard. I went with a Search Warrant to this Broker's, and they had sold them. My Lord I want to know how I may get these Things again, for there are four or five of these Brokers join together to make a publick Sale every Month.


                  Q. 
               


            (to the Prosecutor.) What have you to say against the Woman? Why do you indict her?
Court. (to 
               
                  William 
                  Donnington 
               



            . You hear what this Man says; will you ask him any Questions, or make your Defence? Have you any Witness to the contrary, or any Witnesses to your Character. The Prisoner had nothing to say in his Defence.



               Guilty
            .
Wife 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


