






202. 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     White 
                  



                
            . of St. Brides


, was indicted for 


               stealing 19 yards of printed cotton, value 30 s. and 7 yards of printed linen, value 10 s
             , the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Goddard 
                  



                
            , April 13

 . And
203. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Soames 
               



             , for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
             .


                  Margaret 
                  Goddard 
               



             sworn. [Mrs Goddard being a French woman, and not understanding English, an interpreter was sworn, and delivered her evidence as follows,] The saturday before Easter , she was in her shop by the 7 dials



; a man and a woman came in and asked for some printed linen, and she shewed them 2 pieces. Then they asked for something else, that the woman had thrown something down upon the ground, and while she stooped to take it up they both run away with these two pieces of goods. [She being very ancient was ordered to go to the bar to see if she knew the prisoners] She said the prisoner White was the man who came into her shop under pretence of buying something, and run away with these goods: but as to the woman [Soames] she could not be positive.


                  Sarah 
                  Bibby 
               



            . [a girl about 13] I saw these two pieces of printed linen brought into a house in Shoe Lane, by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Soames 
               



             in a round about apron, last saturday was sevennight.
Q. How do you know those are the pieces?
Bibby. I know them from an hundred pieces.
Q. Whose house were they brought into?
Bibby. Into 
               
                  Harry 
                  White 
               



            's, and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Howell 
               



            's. They kept a house in Shoe Lane near Holburn , but she is got off. Soames would not let me see her measure them; but as she was measuring them a constable came in; he asked her whose they were, she said, they were her own property, and she had bought them, and paid for them. White wanted me and 
               
                  Jack 
                  Price 
               



            *, otherwise Cobler, to go out with them, but my heart misgave me, and I would not go: and White said, he would have something by fair means or by foul, and he said, if I would not go with him, he would get somebody to swear my life away.
* A boy about 12 or 13 years of age, who was indicted this Session for stealing some razors, &c. in a shop in Smithfield, and ordered for transportation.
Q. What business does White follow?
Bibby. Thieving, and he harbours thieves; and takes children away from their friends; he took me away from my mother. I had lived with him about a fortnight before this happened - I had lived with Howell before.


                  Charles 
                  Shuckburgh 
               



             . Last Saturday was seven-night, Mr. Seawell had an information that he had lost some goods, and got a search warrant; we went to 
               
                  Harry 
                  White 
               



            's house, Mr. Seawell did not find any of his goods, but found these linens; he asked Soames who they belonged to, and she said, they are my property.
Mr. Seawell. I was informed I had lost some goods, and got a search warrant. I searched White's house, and I could not find any of my own goods, but I found these linens in Soames's custody and took them from her. I advertised them in the papers, and found out the proprietor.
Q. to Mrs. Goddard. Who took the linens out of the shop, the man or the woman?
Goddard. The man.


                  Ann 
                  Hams 
               



            . I live upon little Saffron hill, and have lived there 35 years - I am a market-woman, I sell cucumbers or potatoes, or any thing that is in season.
Bibby. She is mother-in-law to this 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Howell 
               



            , who is not taken, she harbours nothing but thieves.
Hams. I have known White three or four years, by his buying something of me now and then; I never saw any thing, but that he was a civil man.
Q. What was White?
Hams. He was a Carman
 at St. Margaret's hill, when I was a dust woman in the city.
Q. Are you acquainted with Bibby?
Hams. She has been trained up to it from her cradle.
Q. What has she been trained up to?
Hams. To swearing and cursing, and evil-doings, vile doings; I believe she knows no ill of me.


                  Mary 
                  Temple 
               



            . I have known Bibby bring things into Howell's house, and she has turned her out, White never lay a night in Howell's house; he used to go in sometimes for a halfpenny dram
Q. Where do you live?
Temple . Upon little Saffron hill.
Q. Do you live with Hams?
Temple . No.
Bibby. Yes she does, there are three or four of them live together.
Temple. I was servant to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Howell 
               



            .
Q. Did you live with Hams?
Temple. I was a lodger there, I lodged there three or four years.


                  Martha 
                  Burroughs 
               



             . I have known White three or four years, I knew him when I worked in a dust cart in Thames street, and know him to be an honest man.
Bibby. This woman lives up one pair of stairs in Howell's house.
Temple. 'Tis two pair of stairs, my dear, don't mistake. Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


