








1, 2. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brown 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Davis 
                  



                
            , of St. Paul Covent Garden



, were indicted for 


               stealing 30 Tame Pheasants, of the Value of 3 l.
             the Property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Crew 
                  



                
             the younger, Esq
; knowing them to be tame , Nov. 19

.
John Hill. 
               
                  Moses 
                  Davis 
               



             told me, that upon the 15th of Dec. at Night, himself and his Partner 
               
                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            , stole 15 Brace of Pheasants belonging to Mr. Crew; and that he held the Bag while Brown put them in. He likewise informed me, that when they got a little Way from Mr. Crew's House they killed 21, and the rest they brought to Town alive.
Q. Did they tell you from whence they took them?
Mr. Hill. They said they took them out of Mr. Crew's Pens in the Garden.
Q. Where did Mr. Crew keep these Pheasants?
Mr. Hill. I am his Servant, and we have Pens made for them in the Garden, which are about the Compass of this Court.
Pris. Davis. Did he ever see me about the Place, or ever hear an ill Character of me before?
Mr. Hill. No.


                  Holt 
                  Crowther 
               



            . Mr. Crew's Servant (Hill) informing me that his Master had been robb'd of some Pheasants, we agreed together to go to Mr. Deveil and ask his Advice. He directed us to the Gatehouse to enquire for 
               
                  Moses 
                  Davis 
               



            : We accordingly went thither, and Davis was brought down to us, and he acknowledg'd that himself and Brown were concern'd in this Fact.
Q. Did he mention Mr. Crew's Name?
Crowther. I mention'd that Mr. Crew had lost 15 Brace of Pheasants from Farnham-Royal , and he then owned that himself and Brown took them out of the Pens, and that he held the Bag while Brown put them into it. He likewise said, that he went that Way some Time ago, and heard the Cock Pheasants crow, which brought him to the Pens now. That he brought 9 only out of the 30 alive to Town, and had fed them with Bread and Meat at the Cart and Horse in St. Giles's.
Thomas Green. On the 16th of Dec. the two Prisoners came to my Master, Mr. Lipscomb's Shop in St. James's Market, and offer'd 6 Pheasants for Sale. I had before this seen an Advertisement of some Pheasants that had been lost, upon which I charg'd a Constable with them, and carried them before Mr. Deveil, who committed them to the Gatehouse for farther Examination.

Q. Which of the Prisoners offer'd the Pheasants to sell?
Green. To the best of my Knowledge it was the tall Man in the Wig, that is Brown, and he told me he bred them himself. I imagined at first that these were the Earl of Essex's Pheasants, therefore I went to his Lordship's House, but he not being at Home, we took the Pheasant-Keeper with us, and went directly before Mr. Deveil, and before we got there, Brown contradicted what he had told me, and said he bought the Pheasants on the Road.
Q When Brown was before Mr. Deveil did he confess any Thing?
Green. Not that I heard. Davis confessed that he stole them, and said they were not my Lord Essex's, but Mr. Crew's.


                  Jervis 
                  Morris 
               



            . I keep the Horse and Cart in St. Giles's, and the Prisoner Brown was my Lodger.
Q. Was you present when Davis was before the Justice?
Morris. I was there Part of the Time, but did not hear him confess any Thing.
Mr. Hill. The Confession which I speak of was not before Mr. Deveil, but at the Gatehouse, and he repeated the same next Day before Mr. Deveil.


                  Joshua 
                  Brogdon 
               



            . When the 2 Prisoners were brought before the Colonel the second Time, my Lord Essex was present, and Davis began to tell the whole Truth, and desired to be admitted an Evidence. Brown then desir'd that he might, and each of them seem'd to be in a great Hurry to speak, but when Brown perceived that neither of them would be admitted to give Evidence, he said to Davis, now you have begun tell the whole Truth. Then Davis describ'd the Walk to Farnham-Royal , and confessed that himself and Brown stole about 15 Brace of Pheasants from Mr. Crew's Pens.
Q. Did Brown confess any Thing?
Mr. Brogdon. Yes, he own'd that he was present when Davis took the Pheasants.
Q Were there any Menaces or Threats made Use of to induce them to make this Confession?
Mr. Brogdon. No, none at all, when they were first before Mr. Deveil, Davis was asked, whether he was willing to be an Evidence, and he refused.
Pris. Davis. Did he not hear us called Deer-stealers ?
Mr. Brogdon. There was no such Word mention'd .


                  Thomas 
                  Cutler 
               



             confirmed Mr. Brogdon's Deposition.
Mr. Deveil. When these 2 Persons were first brought before me, Davis desir'd to speak with me in private, and then began to tell me of this Robbery at Farnham-Royal. I told him, if he would be an Evidence concerning my Lord Essex's Pheasants, I would on Account of his Family admit him to be one; but he absolutely denied that he knew any Thing of that Robbery; upon which I committed him to the Gatehouse. A Day or two afterwards there came full Evidence of both Robberies, and I then had the Prisoners again before me. Davis then confessed Mr. Crew's Robbery, and describ'd the Place in such a manner, that it was known to be Farnham Royal, and discover'd the Poulterers where the Pheasants were sold.


                  David 
                  Read 
               



            . I was present when my Lord Essex was with the Prisoners before Mr. Deveil, and when Davis had gone a great Way in his Confession, Brown bid him go on, and tell the whole.
The Prisoners in their Defence attempted to prove their buying the Pheasants on the Road, but it not being done to the Satisfaction of the Jury, they were both found 

               Guilty
            .
They were a 2d Time indicted for 


               stealing 19 tame Pheasants, value 3 l.
             the Property of the Rt. Hon. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Earl
 of Essex


               
            , Dec. 19

.
The Prisoners were 

               convicted on this Indictment
             likewise, and accordingly receiv'd Sentence of 



               Transportation for 7 Years
            .
