







244, 245. 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hodges 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Andrew 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a fore sail, value 7 s. 6 d. a gib sail, value 4 s. a trivet, value 3 s. four stanchions, value 3 s. a tolling rope, value 5 s. a bolt, value 1 d. three cross bars, value 1 s. 6 d. a scuttle bar, value 1 s. 6 d. and a close stool pan, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Phillips 
                  



                
            .
246. And 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Greswold 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same knowing them to be stoln
            , April 26

.


                  Richard 
                  Phillips 
               



            . I am owner of the Montague Yatch
; the morning before this robbery was committed William Hall came and told me, that the Yatch had like to have been broke open. On the 27th in the morning he came and told me that it was broke open, that somebody had drawn the staple of the skuttle, and taken away the things mentioned in the indictment. Two or three days afterwards Mrs. Gregory came and said, she believed if such a house was searched we might find some of the things. Some people went to search the Prisoner's house, and he said they were very welcome; but while they were searching it he ran away, and they found a tolling and some other things in the closet, and the fails were found at the top of the house. We went before a Justice, and the Prisoner Andrew said he would own every thing, and how they came there. Then said I, how did they come there? He answered, the man of the house where you found these things (Greswold) enticed us from our masters, and said we should not want for money, victuals, or clothes: one of the boys said, that Groswold sent them out o'night with tools to break open vessels, and that he received what they brought.
Greswold. Do you know that I received these things knowing them to be stole?
Phillips. No otherwise than I was told.
William Hall. I am master of the 
               
                  Montague 
                  Yatch 
               



            , and have been so fifteen years. On the 27th of April in the morning I found the yatch broke open, the staple of the fore skuttle drawn, and the bar and staple carried away; I missed a foresail, the great gib, and two cables, &c.
Q. What do you call the small cable?
Hall. I call them both cables, but some people call them tollings; - we found all of them at Greswold's house, I found the two cables in the closet, and Greswold's wife said she would show me two sails that her husband had bought, and I said they were mine.
Q. Did Greswold stay there when you came into the house?
Hall No; as soon as I took hold of the cable and said it was mine, he went away.


                  William 
                  Pinfold 
               



            . The 25th of April at night we went to break open the 
               
                  Montague 
                  Yatch 
               



            , but could not do it.
Q. What did you carry with you?
Pinfold. A marline spike, a hammer and hatcher.
Q. Who went the first night?
Pinfold. Hodges, one Williams and I went the first night, but Hodges was not with me the last night; 
               
                  George 
                  Andrew 
               



             and I went the second night.
Q. What did you do then?
Pinfold. Andrew drew the staple of the fore skuttle, and so broke the yatch, and took a trivet, some stanchions, some ropes, and two sails, one of them was a gib; Andrew handed the sails up, and I helped to hand some of the other things.
Q. How did you go to the ship?
Pinfold. Greswold lent us his little boat till we could get another to suit our conveniency: we used to take any large boat that we could find, and so go on board the ships; he had bought a larger boat and brought it home from the carpenter's the Saturday that we were taken up.
Q. When you had got these things where did you carry them?
Pinfold. To Mr. Greswold's house, and delivered the sails, ropes and stanchions, &c. to him.
Q. What time of night did you go to do this?
Pinfold. The watchman went past one as we were taking them out of the yatch, which lay between Cole Harbour and Stone-Stairs. - Greswold lives at Cole-Harbour by Blackwall, and keeps the sign of the Ramsgate Pink.
Q. How do you know he knew these things were stole?
Pinfold. He lent us a boat to go on board with, and enticed me away from my master (one Griffiths a waterman and lighterman). He told me I might living open yatchs, and get these things and bring them to him; I have known him about two years.
Q. Where did you live when the 
               
                  Montague 
                  Yatch 
               



             was broke open?
Pinfold. Andrew and Hodges and I lay at his house, we lay there three nights.
Pris. Andrew. We lay there three nights.
Q. Did you ever go on board any other vessels ?
Pinfold. Yes, we carried coals to his house, which we got out of a lighter in the night time, about a week before we went to the Montague yatch - We did not lye at his house then.
Greswold. Did not the officer promise you, that if you would accuse me you should be cleared?
Pinfold. No.
Greswold. Did you ever bring any goods in a boat of mine, or did I ever send you about any such thing ?
Pinfold. Mr. Greswold lent us his boat, he knew what we were going about.
Q. Did you tell him what you were going about?
Pinfold. We told him we were going to get old ropes, or any thing we could get.


                  James 
                  Pope 
               



            . I went to Greswold's house, and told him I had a warrant to search his house. I read the warrant to him, and he told me, I might search his house and welcome. Accordingly we did, and when Mr. Hall took hold of a rope and said, that is a piece of my cable, he walked away. I said, Mr. Greswold, don't go; he said he was going to look for the boy, and would be back again in a minute. I sent two men after him, and then he run into the marsh - the Isle of Dogs, which is right against his house. I went the next day to his house again to search for him, and found him covered over in a copper he used to brew in (he used to brew his own beer) in his shirt, without his coat and waistcoat; there was water in it, for when he came out of the copper I was forced to stay till he changed his shoes and stockings, they were so wet.
Greswold. Did you see me in the copper?
Pope. Yes, and pulled you out of the copper.
Q. Was he standing up, or crouched down?
Pope. Mr. Phillips's, people went into the out-house first and found him there.
Q. Tell us how he was when you first saw him.
Pope. He was standing upright in the copper.


                  James 
                  Smith 
               



            . I went with a search-warrant to Greswold's, in order to look for Mr. Phillips's things, there was a closet by the fire side, said I, what have you got here? His wife said, some old ropes that we have bought, and I found them to be ours. I found some of our old fails in the garret, but his wife was not very ready to show them. The next day I went with a warrant to search for the rest of the things, for Pinfold told us where to find them. There was a woman talked pretty much, and I asked her what she had to do there? she said, she was to take care of the house. I said, I would take hold of her. She answered, I had no occasion to do that, for Mr. Greswold was above, and as I was going up I think I saw his legs, and one of our people found him in the copper in his brewhouse; he was stooping down, half bent, and said, if we used him well he would come out.
Greswold. Did not you bring cutlasses, and say, cut him down ?
Smith. I said no such thing; I had a cutlass, it was not properly a cutlass, it was a tuck; I was resolved indeed that he should not make his escape again.


                  George 
                  Andrew 
               



            . I lived at Greswold's house before I knew these lads, and I used to go out in his boat a bumboating.


                  John 
                  Eastman 
               



            . I live in Leather Lane, Holborn, I have known Greswold almost from a child, I never heard any harm of him in my life, he came of very honest parents.


                  Robert 
                  Harper 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner from a child, and never heard any harm of him, I believe this is the first trouble he ever was in in his life.


                  John 
                  Herbert 
               



            . I live in Shadwell, the Prisoner has a very honest character, (for what I know) he keeps a publick house.
Greswold. I was a distiller
 by trade, but have had misfortunes by informations; I can prove that I bought them publickly of Pinfold and Andrew.
Jury. What did the Prisoner give for all these things, ropes, iron, and every thing?
Pinfold. He gave us ten shillings for them; there was about half an hundred of iron; - it was about three o'clock in the morning when he paid us for them.
Greswold. I did not think this boy would swear so roundly against me, or I would have been better prepared.
Q. to Hall. What are these things worth? are they worth 10 s. are they worth 40 s.
Hall. I don't know the value of them, they are worth 20 s.
Q. to Phillips. What are all these things worth at a low price.
Phillips. They are worth in all between thirty and forty shillings.
Greswold. Pinfold swears a false thing, to say I gave but 10 s. for them, I gave 15 s. for them. Did you find them in my house?

Phillips. I never was in your house.
Hall. The iron was found at a Smith's, where Greswold carried it to be sold.
Pope. I have known Greswold about half a year. People used to talk, that he got coals and corn in a clandestine manner: he was s uspected by all the neighbourhood before this, and every body was for suppressing his house. His father kept the house before, and it had a bad character then.


                  Joseph 
                  Gregory 
               



            . The Prisoner has been suspected of these practices; I have heard several times that people have found their things there.
Hodges 

               acquitted
            , Andrew 

               guilty
            , Greswold 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


