





8 + 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lowe 
                  



               
             , of St Clement Danes


, was indicted for 


               privately stealing a Silk Handkerchief, Value 18 d. the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Higginson 
                        




                      
                  , from his Person
            , October 20th
.


                  John 
                  Higginson 
               



            . On Wednesday the 20th of Oct. I was passing by St Clement's-Church


, between seven and eight in the Evening, I felt a Hand at my Pocket; the Prisoner had got hold of this Handkerchief, and I caught it in his Hand; said I, You Rascal, will you pick my Pocket: Said he, Damn my Eyes if I have; for another Fellow shov'd me against you; he ran away from me; I cried out Stop Thief! He run by St Clement's Church, and this Gentleman , Mr Wood, stopped him: I had him to an Alehouse just by, and sent to two or three Constables, but they would not take Charge of him, and the Beadle of the Ward would take no Charge of him; so I was forced to stay from Seven o'Clock to Ten; and then I was obliged to get a Guard to go along with him, for he had got a Gang of Fellows with Clubs, to rescue him; there were near twenty of them. The Constable of the Night refused to take Charge of him at first. - I am very certain he is the Person by the Light of the Feathers-Tavern .
Prisoner. Ask him whether the Handkerchief was out of his Pocket when he took hold of my Hand?
Higginson . The Handkerchief was in his Hand in my Pocket, and I took it out of his Hand.


                  Thomas 
                  Wood 
               



            . About the 20th of October, in the Evening, I was going towards Covent-Garden; by St Clement's-Church, I heard a Cry of Stop Thief, Stop Thief, that Fellow has picked my Pocket. The Prisoner ran by me, I followed and stopped him, and his Hat fell off; then this Gentleman said, This is the Fellow: I heard there was a great Number of People designed to rescue him; and finding the Constable did not care to take Charge of him, I said, If you will not take Care of him, I will take Care of you; and I believe there were almost all the Watchmen went with us as a Guard, for several of the People said, they would not let John go.
Prisoner. I accidentally hit my Foot against the Corner of a Window, and fell down, and he cried out Pickpocket , and struck me; when he came before Justice Fraser , he valued the Handkerchief at 10 d. they kept me from Seven to Twelve, and no Body would take Charge of me.
Wood. The Constables would not take Charge of him, because they did not believe he had picked his Pocket; and that Gentleman said he had.
Prisoner. God forgive you for what you have sworn.




               Guilty 10 d.
            

Court. The Constables ought to be indicted for not doing their Duties.




[Transportation. See summary.]


