





293. 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Chaplin 
                  



               
            , of St. Giles in the Fields


, was indicted for 


               stealing a Silver Spoon, val. 12 s.
             the Property of the Right Honourable 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lord
 Lovel



               
            , May 18
.


                  Jeremiah 
                  Somering 
               



            . I am Porter to my Lord Lovel, the Prisoner was Servant
 to Dr. Feraro, who lived at my Lord's; she confessed, before the Justice, that she stole the Spoon out of my Lord's House, and that she sent it to pawn by another Woman, whose Name is Bullinger; and that before she sent it, she erased the Crest, with this File, which was found in her Room. - I do not know that there were any Promises made her, to induce her to confess. - I cannot swear to the Spoon, because the Crest is filed off; there were four Spoons lost last Winter.


                  Penelope 
                  Bullinger 
               



            . The Prisoner gave me this Spoon to pawn, and told me it was her Father's; and I thought it was so; and I carried it to Mr. Paine's, and he stopped it.
Mr. Paine. Mrs. Bullinger brought this Spoon to me; I believe the only asked what I would lend upon it; I suspected it to be stole because the Crest was erased; I stopped the Spoon, and the Person that brought it, and she said she had it of the Prisoner; I went to her, and she was loth to tell where she had it, but she did at last own that she took it out of my Lord's House; I went to my Lord's, and acquainted the Family with it; the Spoon was compared with the others, and matched; this Workman's Name was the same as on the other Spoons, and I verify believe it to be made at the same Time that my Lord's Spoons were made.
Prisoner. Mr. Gardiner, the Clerk of the Kitchen, pressed me very much to confess it, and promised that he would do what he could with my Lady, and that I should not go before the Justice; and I made all the Confession I could, for I know of no more man that one.
Paine. Mr. Gardiner did say that if she would make an ingenuous Confession, that he would make all the Interest he could for her with his Lady - She made no Confession till she came before the Justice.


                  John 
                  Hull 
               



            , Constab le: I went to Mr. Paine's, where I saw the Prisoner; she said the Spoon was her Father's; this is the Spoon, the Crest is erased; she said she lived five Years at my Lord Lovel's, with Dr. Feraro. I searched her Room, and found this File there; I asked her what she did with the File, and she said she had it to file the Tongues of a Pair of Buckles.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Reeves 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner two or three Years, and never heard any Ill of her.


                  Mary 
                  Cooksey 
               



            . I live at Miles's Coffee-house in Great Russel-Street, Bloomsbury; she used to come frequently to our House, when there were Things of great Value about, and we never missed anything; I never heard she ever did any Thing amiss. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Coomer 
               



             confirmed the same. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


