





486. + 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Ingersole 
                  



               
            , of St Bride's


, was indicted for 


               stealing 2 Gowns, value 12 s. 2 Scarlet Cloaks, value 20 s. 5 Linnen Aprons, value 10 s. 4 Boy's linnen Shirts, val. 6 s. a Woman's Leghorn Hat, val. 4 s. a Cloath Coat, val. 7 s. a Dimitty Wastcoat, val. 2 s. and a Stuff Gown Lining, val. 2 s. the Goods of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Richards 
                     



                   , in her Dwelling-house, and 2 Holland Shirts, the Goods of 
                     
                        
                           Evan 
                           Hughes 
                        



, September 30
.
Jane Richards. She robbed me the Day after Michaelmas-Day; I left the Key in my Kitchen-Door, she opened it, and went in; it was between 4 and 5 in the Afternoon, to the best of my Knowledge. I lost 2 Gowns, one was Linnen, the other was a Danjan, a white Dimitty Wastcoat, 2 Holland Shirts, 4 little Boy's Shirts, 5 Aprons, a Lining of a Gown, and a Hat. I can't remember any Thing else, though I have lost a great many Things which are not set down. The Prisoner came to help her Mother, who is a poor Labourer's Wife, in with some Goods, and while I was gone up into my one pair of Stairs Room to make my Bed, she broke the Lock of the Door, and took my Goods: her Mother saw her carry them away in her Lap. I found nothing upon her when she was taken, for she dropped these Things; I did not see her drop them, but I afterwards found them in the Castle-Tavern Back-Door-Passage, in Fleet-Street, which is just by my House. The Prisoner was taken the Wednesday Night following, in Fleet-Market; I charged her with robbing me, at first she deny'd it, but afterwards confessed, and and said, that the Devil hope (helped) her to break the Lock.
The Prisoner's Mother. I saw my Daughter go through the Castle-Tavern, in Fleet-Street, with a Bundle in her Apron.


                  William 
                  Cantray 
               



            . I am a Watchman at Night; I heard the Prisoner own several and several Times, that she had taken these Things out of Mrs Richards's House.
Prisoner. I have no Witnesses, but God and myself. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


