





+ 117. 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Sonee 
                  



               
            , of St. George the Martyr


, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of stays, value 20 s. a silk petticoat, value 15 s. a velvet hood, value 5 s. a cloth cloak, value 5 s. a pair of damask shoes 5 s. a pair of clogs, value 3 s. three shifts, value 15 s. three aprons, value 7 s. 6 d. two cambrick mobs, value 4 s. a suit of cambrick head clothes, value 5 s, two pair of cambrick ruffles , value 4 s. four pockets, value 1 s. and a silver salver, value 2 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Reynolds 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  John 
                  Field 
               



            , Dec. 10th
.


                  Jane 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I lost all these things out of my drawer and trunk, in 
               
                  John 
                  Field 
               



            's house, Lamb's Conduit Passage


; I missed them on a Saturday morning about 11 o'clock, the Prisoner lay in the house. I had no suspicion of her, she came back again t o the House with the things upon her; she was searched, and they were taken from her, some were in her Pocket, and others under her clothes - I purchased these things when I was a servant; but since I am grown deaf, I take in washing - they were in my room, she broke open 4 locks to come at them; the Justice asked whether she took them? she said yes; he asked her for what? she said, I do not know, Sir.


                  Jane 
                  Humphreys 
               



             . The Prisoner's mother unfortunately came to my house, and desired me to assist her, for her daughter was accused with taking these things; I went according to her mother's desire to see whether it was true, and I lifted up her coats and apron to see whether she had the things; she untied her petticoats and the things fell to the ground; I never asked her how she came by them, for I was in a very great fright; Mrs. Reynolds said they were her things; the Prisoner lay with me some time before, at her mother's desire, and was very just and honest to me, I lost nothing; I have not a lock upon my drawers, and there are things of great value in them. 


               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


