





79. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Lowe 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Common-Prayer-Book, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Johnson 
                        



                      
                  ; on e Common-Prayer-Book, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Reeve 
                        



                      
                  ; and one Common-Prayer-Book
            , the Property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jones 
                  



                
            , Jan. 3
.


                  Isaac 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I had a Common-Prayer-Book for my Wife, and it being too large for a Pocket, I committed it to the Care of the Pew-Opener, and she had put it into the Church-Warden's Pew, and it was lost.


                  Bridget 
                  Bingley 
               



             . I am an Assistant to the Pew-Opener of St Clement Danes. - I am Pew-Cleaner or Pew-Opener ; I am but a Servant of Servants; I was entrusted with these three Books, Mr Johnson's, Mrs Reeve's , and Mr Jones's; the Names were in the Books, but they are torn out, except Mrs Reeve's: I am very sure I put them into the Cupboard in the Church-Warden's Pew. Mrs Reeve's sent for me, and I went before Justice Deveil, and I said the same there as I do now: I do not know the Prisoner, but I know I lost these three Books. She owned before the Justice that she took three Books, two of them were found upon her; she owned she sold one of them for eight Pence, and another she sold for a Shilling: And when she came to sell the other, the Woman stopped her. This is Mr Johnson's: This is Mrs Reeves's: This is Mr Jones's. I know them very well, I have had them so often in my Hands.


                  Mary 
                  Reeve 
               



            . On Tuesday the 4th of January in the Evening, I heard my Common-Prayer Book was stopped by Mrs Wood. my Name being in it, and they could not take the Name out without making the Book imperfect. I went before Justice Deveil in the Morning; and the Prisoner owned she took three Books out * of the Church, and that this was one of them: This is my Book.
* Stealing any Thing out of a Church, is a capital Offence; but the Prosecutors in this, and the former Trial, had so much Compassion on the Prisoners, as not to make that Part of the Charge; which if they had, these poor Wretches must have received Sentence of Death.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Wood 
               



            . I live in Turn-slile-Alley, by Long-Acre. (I deal in Goods, I do not deal in Books) On Tuesday the 4th of this Month, the Prisoner brought this Book to me, which is Mr Johnson's; she asked 18 d. for it, and I gave her a Shilling; then she brought this Book to me, Mrs Reeve's: I saw Mrs Reeve's Name in it in two Places, and therefore I thought proper to send for a Constable, and delivered her to the Constable, and both the Books. She own'd she took them out of the Church, and that she lay there all Night. 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


