





37. 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Day 
                  



               
            , of St. Andrew's Holborn


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the Mansion House of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ward 
                        



                      
                  , between 7 and 11 at Night, and stealing 30 Moidores, and 1 double Moidore and a half, the Money of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Bream 
                        



 ; Sept. 27
.
Mr. Ward. On Sunday the 28th, of Sept. last, I found one of my Chamber Windows in Staples-Inn


 broke open; and my Desk which stood in the same Room was likewise broke, and upwards of 30 Moidores which I had lock'd up the Night before were taken out. I am positive I made my Chambers and my Desk secure about 8 o'Clock; the Window was fasten'd with a Shutter, and a Pin put through it; but the next Morning between 7 and 8, I found the Shutter cut open. The Prisoner was my Barber's Servant, and I never suspected him 'till his Master came to me, and gave me sufficient Reason to believe that he was the Person who had Robb'd me; then I took him up, and had him examin'd by Mr. Justice De Veil, and he there confessed that he was the Person that robb'd me. The next Day we carry'd his Box to the Justices, and searched it; we found in it nine Moidores, and a double Moidore and half; we likewise found a Guinea and half in the Prisoner's Pocket, which he confessed was part of my Money.


                  Joseph 
                  Gardner 
               



             . The Night that the Prisoner was taken, I heard him confess at the White-Hart Tavern in Holborn, that he broke open the Chambers, and took the Money. There were 9 Moidores, a double. Moidore and half found in his Trunk, and a Guinea and half in his Pocket.




               Acquitted of the Burglary, Guilty of the Felony 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


