





205. 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Markham 
                  



               
             of St. Brides


, was indicted for 


               stealing 2 Pound and an half of pickled Salmon, val. 18 d.
             the Goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harrington 
                  




                
            , March 30
.


                  William 
                  Harrington 
               



            . I sell Fish
 at the Corner of Salisbury Court, in Fleet street


. On the 30th of March, between Nine and Ten at Night, the Prisoner took a Piece of Salmon off the Board - I saw his Hand take it off, but I did not see him at first.


                  Joseph 
                  Knight 
               



            . I was standing at my Master's Door, the Corner of Salisbury-Court, and saw 2 Fellows stop at Mr Harrington's Stall (I have seen them in the Street before, and took them to be idle sort of People, at other Times) I looked at them and saw the Prisoner put round his Hand to the Corner of the Post, and take a Piece of Fish off a Kit; as soon as I saw him, I cried out to Mr Harrington, and he and I ran after him about half a Dozen Doors; but before Mr Harrington overtook him he had thrown the Fish from him; but I did not see him do it; Mr Harrington took hold of him by the Collar, and the Prisoner cried out, some Body had hit him on the Eye; Harrington asked him for the Salmon, and he said, he had it not: I thought I saw something in the Channel, and I went and took the Fish out.
Q. Are you sure he is the Person?
Knight. Yes, I am; for though it was Night it was as light as the Day.

Harrington. I would not have troubled the Court with this trifling thing, but we are pestered with these Fellows all the Year long.


                  Margaret 
                  Hammacot 
               



            . This Lad's Friends have lived in Whitecross-Street these twenty Years, and I never heard of any Fact that ever he was guilty of before, and he always worked very hard for his Bread.


                  Mary 
                  Woodall 
               



            . I live next Door to him; I never heard any Ill of him.
Joseph Hall. I lodged in young Markham's Father's House three Years; and I know that for a Fortnight or three Weeks together he has not gone out of Night, but been hard at Work all the Time; and his Father would hardly let him go out to Church on a Sunday, they kept him so strict for fear of his going aside.


                  Francis 
                  West 
               



            . The Prisoner is my Son in Law, I never heard any Ill of him. 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


