





240. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Aaron 
                     Cordosa 
                  



               
            , was indicted, for that, at the delivery of the goal, holden for the county of Surry, at Kingston upon Thames, on Monday the 31st of March last, one 
               
                  John 
                  Saunders 
               



            , in due form of law, was convicted, for that he, on the 24th of December, the dwelling house of 
               
                  
                     Matth.ew 
                     Thompson 
                  




                
            , did break and enter, and steal from thence one silver tankard, one silver mug, one silver tea pot, and several other things, and that he, the said Cordosa, the tankard, mug, and tea pot, did 


               receive and have, knowing them to have been stolen
            , Dec. 27
. ++


                  Matthew 
                  Thompson 
               



            . On the 24th of December there came two persons to my door, and knocked; I said, who is at the door; they said they wanted half a bushel of coals; I unbolted the door; they rushed in upon me, bound me hand and feet in one chair, and my wife in another; then they went to rifling the house; they took away one silver quart belly tankard, marked at the bottom M T S, one pint silver belly mug, one silver tea pot chased about half way down, all marked M T S at the bottom, and several other things. Campbell in his confession, said it were himself and Saunders that committed the robbery.
I prosecuted Saunders at Kingston assizes and he pleaded guilty.


                  John 
                  Perdue 
               



             produced the Copy of the conviction of Saunders, taken and examined at the chambers of the Clerk of the assize. It is read in Court; and mentions Saunders pleaded Guilty.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Saunders 
               



            . I am wife to John Saunders. On the 27th of December last, between six and seven in the morning, my husband bade me clean myself, and said, I must go with him and Campbell ; I did, we went all three together; Campbell carried a basket, but what was in it I did not then know. When we came on London-bridge we met a relation of my husband's: he staid to talk with him, and bid me not to leave Campbell. We went together to Long-Lane, on this side the water, near Smithfield.
Q. Where did you live?
E. Saunders. I live in St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey parish ; Campbell lodged with us, we went to the sign of the Bull; Campbell left me there, and took the basket with him; and said, he'd go and see for Cordosa: He returned in about a quarter of an hour, and said, he had seen the man, and that he would meet us at the Taylor's-Arms in Duke's-place. We went there and found the prisoner ; he asked Campbell what he had got, he answered plate. He took out a silver quart belly tankard, two pint pots, one a new fashioned one with a belly, the other an old one, and a silver tea pot chased half way down. Campbell asked, what he would give per ounce? he said, he would not give above 3 s. and 6 d. per ounce for the tankard; because there was a great deal of loss in the solder and the handle; and 4 s. per ounce for the two pint mugs and tea pot. They agreed; then Cordosa went out, and brought in a pair of scales and weights, he weighed the tankard first, it weighed 25 ounces ; then the two pint mugs together weighed 26 ounces; and the tea-pot, which weighed 17 ounces, he abated an ounce for the handle of the tea-pot, so made that but 16; then he reckoned up the money: it came to 13 l. 8 s. which 8 s. he kept for the loss as he said, that would be in the melting of it down. I was a little surprized. The prisoner turned to me and took me by the hand, and said, Madam, don't be surprized, for your husband is a very clever young fellow, and if he can trust to Campbell not to betray him, he may be worth a thousand pounds in six months time; he need not be afraid of coming to me, for if it were the King's crown I would buy it with safety. My husband was not there. Then he talked to Campbell, and told him he was a very lucky man never to be taken, considering he was the last of fourteen left alive that he was acquainted with, and that he would advise him to keep out of Rag-fair; saying, now you are so happy as to be acquainted with a man, whose name was never brought in question before, he might always be safe; by which, by his looking to me, he meant my husband. He wished him good luck, and then we parted. Campbell talked to him, as though he was acquainted with him.
Q. What was the cause of your fear ?
E. Saunders. I had reason to suspect the things were not honestly come by; my husband and Campbell had talked of some things made me think so; and being amongst Jews and strange people, I would have been glad to have been out of the place.
Q. How long had Campbell lodged at your house?
E. Saunders. From the 8th of September last.
Q. What was he?
E. Saunders. He was a seafaring man.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether or no, when that witness came to take me, a little girl did not set me, she being uncertain of me?
E. Saunders. I was sure as to the prisoner; I went to one Buckland's, a house were he used to be at over against the Bull in Long-Lane, where I was the day before. Stanley and Macdaniel, two thief-catchers, were there to take him. Stanley gave me his gold watch, and told me to go there and send for Cordosa to offer it him to sell; that he might have an opporportunity of taking him. I went there, and asked the woman of the house to send for Mr. Cordosa; she sent a girl for him, he came ; I told him I had a watch belonging to the two young men that were here yesterday. The moment he came to the door I knew him. Before I had time to say what I intended, the thief-catchers came, and asked, if that was he? I said, this is the man, and took him.
Prisoner's defence.
I can prove where I was at work that very day she says she sold me the plate.
He called 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Solomon 
               



            , Moses Heneruar, Thomas Hughs, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kent 
               



            , 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Joseph 
               



            , 
               
                  Henry 
                  Keys 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Bond 
               



            , and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Samuel 
               



            , who gave him a good character; but neither proved where he was at the time the plate was deposed to be bought.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


