






7, 8 (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hipworth 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing 10 sheepskins, 3-qrs. of an ounce of thread, 3 ounces of sewing silk 3-qrs. of a yard of linen cloth
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Tompkins 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Fennimore 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing the same to have been stolen
             October.++
J. I am a taylor
. The prisoner Fennimore my journeyman
; Hipworth was my apprentice
; on the 28th of October and when he was gone Fennimore told me he was a thief, and would not keep him, and desired I would lend him a green ag, which I did, and the next day he brought me the goods mentioned in their indictment.
Q. Whose goods are they?
James. I believe they are mine, but the linen I can swear to the boy forced the things upon him, and put them in his pocket. I took the boy up, he confessed he had taken them me. They both blamed each other. The boy the presence of Fennimore, that he had told him, if he took them I should never them. I took them before my lord mayor, which was Mr. Alderman Jansen: the any thing there. The other did not own any thing there.


                  Edward
                   C. I
               



             am the constable. The boy owned he put the goods into Fennimore's pocket, and he went away with them.
Q. Was Fennimore by then?


                  Edward 
                  Craine 
               



            . Yes he was. I asked Fennimore if he knew the goods were his master's. He said he did, but the boy would force things upon him, and he took them to his own house at several times. The boy said Fennimore said to him, do you go and fetch the piece of linen to me, for you can't cut it to as I; and that Fennimore cut it off. The boy said Fennimore gave him sometimes 2 d. and sometimes 3 d. and sometimes 6 d. for the goods he brought to him.


                  Mary 
                  Waistworth 
               



            . I heard Fennimore confess that he had a parcel of goods of Mr. Tompkins's, and if he would send him a cloth to put them in, he would bring them; and he brought and delivered them to him the next morning.


                  John 
                  Bn 
               



            . Fennimore confessed to me in the compter, that he received these goods of the boy, knowing them to be stolen.
Hipworth's defence.
Fennimore told me he had a pair of breeches to make, and he asked me if I would give him some buttons. I told him they were not mine to give. He said I could get them, and I might give him them, for he was a poor man: and with a great many persuasions I gave him them. Then he asked me for several things more. I told him my master would find me out; then he would give me money, a penny or two pence, and told me he would learn me my trade. After that he found my master had missed a few pieces, and I was gone, then he pretended his conscience pricked him.
Fennimore's defence.
I never asked the boy for these things. What the boy says is very false.
To Fennimore's character.


                  James 
                  Lucas 
               



            . Mr. Tompkins said before me and two others, that if Fennimore was bailed out he would employ him again.
Tompkins. I never said such a word.
Mrs. Sherrard. Fennimore served seven years with my husband, and has boarded three years in my house since. He served his time honestly and justly.
Q. Have you known him of late?
Sherrard. I can't say I have known much of him for these last twelve months. He is one of a slender capacity, but will not hurt a worm.
Mr. Yates. I have known him thirteen or fourteen years. His general character is that of a very honest man; was he acquitted, I would trust him with all the effects I have in the world.
Q. What are you ?
Yates. I am a watch-maker, and live in Salisbury-court.
Mr. Sharp. I have known him five years or upwards. His general character is that of a very honestman; but he is a poor weak sort of man. I have trusted him with all the things in my house, and I believe he is one of the honestest men that can be this day.


                  John 
                  Cox 
               



            . I have known him better than twenty years.
Q. What is his general character?
Cox. It is that of a very honest man as far as ever I heard.


                  Richard 
                  Clarkson 
               



            . I have known him about seven years. He is as honest a man as ever broke bread in the world; but he is very weak in his head.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


