





365. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hole 
                  , otherwise 
Brown




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of cloth breeches, value 7 s. the property of the rev. 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Heming 
                        



                      
                  , clerk
, one cambrick handkerchief, value 1 s. three linen napkins, and one piece of silk
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shudal 
                  



                
            , July 18
. *
William Shudal. I live in Holloway-Street, St. Clement-Danes, and am a robe maker
. About the 18th of July my house was under a general repair, and we had removed our things out of the way of the workman as much as we could. The piece of silk was in a drawer, the breeches lay open in a one pair of stairs room, and the other things mentioned in the indictment in the house. They were all taken away.
Q. Did you ever find them again ?
Shudal. I have got them all again. The prisoner at the bar hired herself to my wife as a single woman, and a stranger to our part of the town; but we were immediately convinced she was a base woman. At her first coming she would stay a great length of time in going of errands, and for other ill behaviour I turned her away at three weeks end. After which there came a man to me, and inquired if I had lost a pair of breeches? I said, I had. Then the person told me who had them. I went then and took a warrant for the prisoner, and one Bowen. Upon which Bowen came to me and told me he had bought the breeches of the prisoner; which she, when before the justice, owned also. She also confessed in my hearing, she did take all the things mentioned in the indictment; and she gave her key to Mrs. Jenkins (who was by at the time) who went to her box and found the other things.
Q. Where was her box?
Shudal. In her master's house, Mr. Watson in Smithfield (the goods produced in court, and deposed to.)
Mrs. Jenkins. I live at Fleetditch, and the prisoner had lived with me several times on and off. After I was informed the prosecutor had lost these things, I sent for her to ask her about them; at first she denied it, but before we went to the justice she own'd she stole the breeches, and sold them to Bowen. I insisted upon her keys to look over er things, imagining there might be something of mine there, and in searching her box these other things were found in it.

Q. What was her behaviour while she lived with you?
Mrs. Jenkins. I always thought her to have the best of characters, I have trusted her with things of great value, and was much surprised to see her turn out in this manner.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutor ( producing a pair of Manchester velvet breeches ) these I had of Bowen.
Q. Whose property are they ?
Smith. They belong to the reverend Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Heming 
               



            .
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


