













156, 157. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Watling 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bartlet 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 600 lb. weight of lead, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac
                      Jesurun Albareys
                  



               
            , February 13




. ||
Mr. Albareys. I have a country house at Hackney






. On the 13th of this month I came to town early in the morning; my servant came to me and told me my two leaden statues, Mercury and Fame, (which had stood in my garden, and they were taken down) were taken away. After that I had a second message came, that the men who took them were in custody at the Red Lion, in Kingsland Road, so I went there and saw the two prisoners and some lead cut to pieces, which were statues by the two heads of them. I believe them to be mine. There was Wingrove, the evidence ; they all three confessed, before we went to the justice's, they had been in my garden that night, and took the statues away, and that lead was part of them, and that they had cut them to pieces. Wingrove also informed me that he had been there the Friday before to survey the place to see what they could take away this was about two in the afternoon. After this they confessed the same before justice Fielding.


                  John 
                  Wingrove 
               



             . I robbed with the two prisoners some time; I live near Whitechapel-Church; we all three went into Mr. Albarey's garden about a fortnight ago, and took the two images through the summer-house window, and carried them out into a field, and Watling sawed them to pieces.
Q. In what position did you find them in the garden?
Wingrove. They were lying down against a green house, one was a male, and the other a female. I believe they might weigh about 300 lb. weight or upwards. When we had cut them to pieces, we put some into a sack, a pair of wallets, and a basket, and carried them away, except some of the heads and arms, which we hid in a gravel-pit in a field. We were taken up directly in the man's cellar who used to buy all the things of us.
Q. What time did you all enter the garden?
Wingrove. We were in it about 11 o'clock; when we had done sawing it might be about three, and we got to Robertson's, by Whitechapel church, about five.
Mr. Brogden. I am clerk to justice Fielding (he produces the two written confessions signed by the two prisoners). I saw them both sign them, they were done at their own desire, freely and voluntarily. I also saw the justice sign each of them. They were read in court. The contents was that of stealing the lead, mentioned in all the indictments specified below, with this fact, which only was read .
Watling's Defence.
I made the first discovery of the thing.
Bartlet's Defence.
I met this prisoner (meaning Watling) and the evidence on a Monday night, who persuaded me to go with them.
Both 

               guilty
            .
There were other indictments against them as below; but not being laid capital, there was no need to try them any more, as this transported them.
1. 


               For stealing two hempen sacks, and one saddle value 12 s.
            

2. 


               For stealing 500 lb. weight of lead from off the parish church of Edmonton
            , January 27




.

3. 


               For stealing 300 lb. weight of lead from off the parish church of Tottenham
            .
4. Watling only for 


               stealing 300 lb. weight of lead out of the garden of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Spurling 
                        



                      
                  , Esq

;





[Transportation. See summary.]


