





323. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cannon 
                  



               
             was 


               stealing one mahogony tea chest,  and sters, value 5 s and six silver tea spoons val. 
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Green 
               




             ; August
Richard Green. I live in St. Dunstan's  Court Fleet-street. My wife and I were gone out, and I came home I was told there had been a my house, and he was taken and carry'd to Bridewell. I went there, the prisoner was ask'd if he knew me, he said he did not. He own'd he took the tea chest from off the dresser, and was carrying it away under his coat, and beg'd I would forgive him. He own'd he had got in with a sister of mine, from whom he got intelligence that I came from Berkshire; so he took an opportunity to come when we were gone out, pretending he was acquainted with us to the maid, who asked him to sit down, which he did, till he could find an opportunity to carry off something.


                  William 
                  Branand 
               



            . I keep the Hole in the Wall, Fleet-street. The day that this tea chest was missing, I heard the cry of stop thief in St. Dunstan's Court. I saw a man run pass my door, I took and had him back to Mr. Green's door, where I saw the tea chest standing on the threshold of the door. ( The things produced in court and deposed to.)
Q. Did you see any thing upon the prisoner ?
Branand. No, I did not.
Q. Where is the maid servant ?
Prosecutor. She went away from me three days after, and never ask'd for her wages; from which I think there has been some dabling work.

Q. to Branand. Did you hear the prisoner confess any thing?
Branand. I heard him confess he had got the tea chest in his hand, and made an attempt to carry it off.
Prisoner's Defence.
I call'd to see Mr. Green and his wife, they were not at home; I staid there upwards of an hour, and walked backwards and forwards in the room, the chest was upon a table. I sat down in a chair by the table, I took it up and look'd at it, the maid was washing in a little room. She came out and said what are you going to do with it; she took it from me, and put it on the floor, and call'd out stop thief.
Q. to Green. Had you any knowledge of the prisoner ?
Green. I never saw him in my life before that day.
To his Character.


                  Alice 
                  Burt 
               



            . I have known the prisoner seven years. He is a clockmaker
. I never heard a bad character of him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


