








62, 63, 64, 65. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Pressman 
                  



                
            , spinster
, 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bennet 
                  



                
            , spinster
, 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Standard 
                  



                
            , widow
, and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Philips 
                  



                
            , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. and one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barnes 
                  




                
            , Dec. 28
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Barnes 
               



            . I was going through a court, and one of the women at the bar pick'd me up.
Q. Which of them?
Barnes. It was Moll Philips, and I went along with her into a room.
Q. Was it in an alehouse?
Barnes. No, it was not.
Q. Mention the name of the court.
Barnes. It was Marlborough-Court


.
Q. Where did you see the other women?
Barnes. There were only two other of them went along with us.
Q. Which were they?
Barnes. It was Pressman and Bennet.
Q. What was done when you went into the room?
Barnes. I spent six pence on them in gin.
Q. Did you drink some of it?
Barnes. I was intoxicated in liquor. I believe I had a little, but I don't know justly. I fell asleep there in a chair, soon after the liquor was drank. They took my watch out of my fob, my buckles out of my shoes, and my handkerchief from my neck, while I was asleep.
Q. How do you know that?
Barnes. They confessed it. (The watch and buckles produced in court.) These are my property. My name is on the buckles.
Q. When did you secure them?
Barnes. I took them up the next day and carried them before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            . They own'd they had sold the buckles and watch chain for seven shillings. They had left the watch with Standard. She was taken up, and produced it.

Q. Did you see her in that room?
Barnes. No, I did not. She delivered the watch in my sight, fell on her knees, and said she did not know how the watch was come by.


                  Daniel 
                  Sullivan 
               



            . I took Philips in custody, and before the justice the next day. The other three were taken and brought before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , and I carried them to Newgate. On their examination Pressman said Philips knew of the watch. Then Philips, who had denied knowing of the things, own'd she had them. If it had not been for Pressman I believe the things had not been found. She busied herself in it very much.


                  Samuel 
                  Sevil 
               



            . The day after this thing was done Pressman and two men came to my shop, and ask'd me for a pair of buckles that I bought of her. I said I bought none of her, I bought them of a little woman. They wanted me to give them the buckles without giving any thing for them.
Q. Was that woman which you bought them of either of the four prisoners?
Sevil. No, she was not. I produced the buckles, the same that are here produced.
Q. Was you before the justice with them?
Sevil. I was.
Q. Did you hear them confess any thing?
Sevil. No, I did not; although I was with them about two hours there.
Q. Was you there all the time they were there?
Sevil. No, I was not.


                  John 
                  Conner 
               



            . The day after the prosecutor was rob'd he came to my house, and told me he had got in liquor, in Petticoat-Lane, in a court, where he had been rob'd, and said he should take it as a favour if I'd go with him and see for the persons that rob'd him. I went with him. We light of Pressman and Bennet. We laid hold of them. I asked them how they came to serve the young fellow so. They said if he would not hurt them they would let him have his things again.
Q. Did he promise them he would not?
Conner. He did. I asked them where they were. Pressman said the watch was very safe, and in an honest person's hands (which was the prisoner Standard.) I went to Standard's house. As soon as she saw me she fell on her knees and said, '' Lord! Mr. Conner, what must I do? I was '' going to bed and Pressman put a watch into my '' hand, which I understand she did not come honestly '' by.'' I said, where is the watch? She said, '' Here it is, and I am frighted out of my wits.'' Then I came back again, and Pressman and Bennet told me the knee buckles were pawned.
Court. The knee-buckles are not laid in the indictment.
Prosecutor. I lost them at the same time.
Conner. We redeemed them for a shilling and a halfpenny. Then they went along with me to Sevil's house, and asked for the buckles they had sold there to him. He said he gave a fair market price for them, and would not let me have them without paying for them.
Q. Look at these shoe buckles produced, are they the same?
Conner. These are the very same. Pressman said before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , that Standard knew nothing of the watch; only that she left it in her hands for safety. I have known Standard to be a very honest woman for four or five years.
Pressman's Defence.
I have so far to say that all these women are clear. I know nothing of them, but only as neighbours. Barnes came up to have his shoes clean'd, and there is a fidler lives over that room; he hearing a noise had a mind to stay. Philips was lying upon the boards. He gave her twopence, and two-pence to the fidler for playing, and sent for six or seven pots of beer and purl, and not having money enough he sent his watch seal to pawn by Philips for money. Let him deny it if he can.
Philips's Defence.
I know nothing at all about it.
Standard's Defence.
I never saw the prosecutor in my life, this woman (looking to Pressman) came to me and put this watch into my hand; it was very warm, I did not know what it was. I lighted a candle and was frighted when I saw it. I went to a friend and said I was ruined for ever, and in the morning when Mr. Conner and the prosecutor came to my house I delivered it to them.
Pressman, Bennet, Philips,



               Guilty
            .
Standard, 

               Acq
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


