





10. (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Weaver 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tankard, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bridge 
               




             , widow
, December 1
. ++
Mary Bridge. I am a dyer
 in Panton-Street


. I missed a silver tankard on the first of December in the morning. I had it in the house at ten at night on the dresser in the kitchen, and it was heard of again in Wapping. We suspected the prisoner; he was a daily servant to me about six months, and had been discharged three weeks.
Q. Have you seen it since?
M. Bridge. No, I have not. The person that bought it is here. I suspect it was taken by coming in at the top of the house.
Mary Smith. I keep a goldsmith's shop in Wapping, opposite King Edward's Stairs, for an uncle and aunt. The prisoner at the bar came into our shop on Thursday morning, about ten o'clock, the first of December.
Q. Did you ever see him before?
M. Smith. No, never. I bought a silver tankard of him, and gave him 5 s. per ounce. I paid it away to a workman on the Friday, being the next day.
Q What sort of a tankard was it?
M. Smith. An old fashion tankard, without any arms, cypher, letter or crest.
Prosecutor. My tankard had no mark upon it. I bought it at an auction, there had been a coat of arms on it, but it was taken out, and a piece put in very nicely.
Q to Mrs. Smith. Did you observe such a piece.
Mrs. Smith. No, I did not. The prisoner had in change two large spoons. It weigh'd twenty-one ounces, thirteen penny weight. I paid 5 l. 8 s. 3 d. for it, I paid the money down, and he paid me 1 l. 3 s. 6 d. for the two spoons.
Q. to prosecutrix. Did you ever weigh your tankard?
Prosecutrix. No, I never did.
Mrs. Smith. The prisoner said the tankard was his sister's, who wanted to part with it, and have some spoons.


                  William 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I received this tankard, and other silver, in part for goods deliver'd, of Mrs. Smith. It was an old silver tankard, without any mark on it, only fit to be melted down. I received it last Friday, and melted it down since.


                  Roger 
                  Boshie 
               



            . I am a constable; these two spoons I took out of the prisoner's pocket ( producing two new spoons.)
Mrs. Smith. These are the two spoons the prisoner had of me at the time.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was coming along Panton-Street that morning, a woman came and tap'd me on the shoulder, and said if I would step with her, she had got a job for me to do. I went with her a little way, then she shew'd me a silver tankard; she wanted me to go and sell it, saying she was afraid to sell it her self. I told her if she would satisfy me for my trouble I would, and she consulted which was the best place to sell it at. We went together from place to place, till we came to this gentlewoman's shop. I sold it her, and bought two spoons at the time. I had for my trouble a guinea, three shillings, and the two spoons, and the woman had the rest of the money.
To his Character.


                  John 
                  Doleman 
               



            . I live in St. Luke's Parish ?
Q. What are you?

Doleman. I am teacher of a dissenting congregation. I have known the prisoner about fourteen years. I liv'd within a few doors of him in Bristol, where he liv'd with a great deal of reputation. He was a master silk dyer; he would at times get drunk, and then he acted like a mad-man, more than any thing else. My acquaintance with him was through his wife's relations, people of character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


