





298. (L) 
               
                  Israel 
                  Levi 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one dozen of clasp knives, value 13 d.
             the property of 
               



            , June 30
. ++


                  James 
                  Stewardson 
               



            . I am servant to Ive Whitebread, Esq; and company. The prisoner has come to our warehouse for several sorts of goods in the hard-ware way. Of late we had reason to suspect she had stolen goods from us. On the 29th of June we laid out seven parcels of sundry kind of things on purpose. On the 30th he came between eight and nine o'clock into the warehouse and I watch'd him having suspected him before. Out of the seven parcels, one of the parcels was wrote upon four silver watches, but in reality they were only one dozen of knives. The prisoner took that parcel up, and put it into his pocket. About two minute after he was going off, when I call'd my fellow servant and we stop'd him at the door and secured him; a constable was fetch'd, but before any constable came the prisoner desired us to take the parcel out of his pocket, which we did. We took him before my lord mayor, and he was committed.
Q. Did he own or deny it there ?
Stewardson. He said, he supposed it tumbled off the counter into his pocket.
Cross examination.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner at the bar?
Stewardson. He has dealt with us some time.
Q. Do you know any thing of a silver watch being left with you?
Stewardson. It was a metal watch Iv left in my custody, as security for money for goods he had bought, not having present money by him. The good came to 30 s. When he was taken with these I looked at the watch, and it appeared not to be worth 5 s.
Q. Was you paid that 30 s.
Stewardson. Yes, I was, when the watch was taken away.
Q. Was you paid no more ?
Stewardson. I was paid 9 s. for a groce of watch I had paid for not half an hour before, and I charged him with taking them away, a it could be nobody else; so his friend paid me the 9 s.


                  Edmund 
                  Parkinson 
               



             I saw this parcel (wr 4 silver watches. 12 clasp knives) taken out of the prisoner's pocket. Produced in Court.
Q. Who are partners with Mr. Whitebread ?
Parkinson. Mr. Gifford and Mr. Mead.
Prisoner's defence.
Stewardson went up stairs after me, and he put the parcel into my pocket; I felt his hand in my pocket. He put a trick upon me, because he did not like any Jew should come there. He had no business to take me up into the warehouse, as I knew of.

For the prisoner.


                  Henry 
                  Comforts 
               



            . I deal in French paper boxes. On the Friday after the prisoner was committed to Newgate, his father came to me, and desired I would go and take out a watch that was pledged for 30 s I went on Thursday Mr. Stewardson shewed me the watch, and said he must yet have 9 s. because his master had lost 9 s. in goods, and he must pay his master. I said it is hard to pay it, if you could not swear it upon the prisoner; for he said he suspected the prisoner, but could not swear it: however, I paid it to him.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with the prisoner?
Comforts. I was not acquainted with him, I was with his father.
To his character.
- Bateman. I have known the prisoner about four or five years. I have bought goods of him several times, and never knew any ill of him.


                  Henry 
                  Invi 
               



            . He always went out to sell goods for me, and honestly brought me the money.
William Hill. I have known him about five years.
Q. What is his general character?
Hall. He is very honest. I have trusted him on their sabbath, and would have trusted him from a shilling to a guinea. This is the first time I ever heard ill of him.
Benjamin Hall. I have known him about four year.
Q. What is his general character ?
Hall. I never heard of any stain upon his character before this time.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


