






459, 460. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bridges 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Bisset 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one saddle, value 5 s. and one bridle, val. 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Davison 
                  




                
            .

Dec, 17




                  James 
                  Davison 
               



            . I live in St. James's, and was out of town when the things mentioned in the indictment were taken away. I was informed they were at a broker's, who had advertised them, so I went and found them to be my property. The saddle and bridle produced in court, with a girth, sursingle, and saddle cloth, all which the prosecutor deposed to.


                  Joseph 
                  Winter 
               



            . I am a broker, the prisoner Bridges brought the saddle and bridle to me to sell, on the 17th of September; he agreed to take 3 s. 6 d. for them. I said, if he came honestly by them I would have them, but by the price I suspected him; I stopped them, and charged a constable with him, who carried him before an alderman, and he sent him to the compter. After this I was informed by the landlord at next door to me, that there was the prisoner's partner, so I went and there was the prisoner Bisset, with the other things here produced; he said they were what he used to wrap himself up in when he was in Newgate.
Prosecutor. The prisoners both own'd the fact before my Lord-Mayor.


                  James 
                  Haile 
               



            . I look after Mr. Davison's horse, and know these things here produced to be his property, all was fast at the stable over night, in the morning a casement was taken down, and an iron wrenched out that went across. Bridges confessed to me he stole the things, and also a leather apron of mine, which is missing, and sold it.
Bridges's Defence.
I found the saddle and the bridle in a sack in Leicester Fields, on the Monday morning about seven o'clock, I did not know how to advertise them, so I offered them to this man to sell.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


