





113. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fuller 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jones 
                  




                
            , Feb. 16
. +


                  William 
                  Jones 
               



            . On the 16th of this instant, about eleven in the morning, I was going by Holbourn-Bridge


, and thought I felt somebody picking my pocket; I turn'd and saw the prisoner crossing the way; I followed him, and he ran down Field-Lane. I call'd out stop thief, and he was secured and carried to an alehouse. After he had been there some time he took my handkerchief out of his breeches, and said that he did not take it, but that another person pick'd it out of my pocket, and gave it to him (produced in court, and deposed to by a mark on it. )
Lancelot Warton. I am a pastry-cook near Holbourn-Bridge. I have seen the prisoner very frequently picking pockets in our neighbourhood. I saw him take this out of the gentleman's pocket, and then ran down Field-Lane, we followed, and he was taken.
Prisoner. I have people here to my character.


                  Mary 
                  Bayland 
               



            . The prisoner lived ten or eleven months in my house.
Q. How long ago since he lodged in your house?
M. Bayland. It was some time before last Christmas. I take him to be an honest man.
Q. What business is he?
M. Bayland. He is a carpenter.


                  Thomas 
                  Holloway 
               



            . I have known him nineteen years, to the best of my knowledge I believe him to be an honest man.


                  John 
                  Tidd 
               



            . I have known him about eight years; he is a very sober man for what I know of him.


                  Sarah 
                  Holloway 
               



            . I am wife to Thomas; I have known the prisoner three years, he is an honest industrious man, as far as ever I heard.
Ann Hill. I knew the prisoner when he was but ten years of age; he is an honest man as far as ever I heard.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


