





318. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Crawforth 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one purse, value one penny, three portugal pieces, thirteen guineas, and one half guinea, the goods and money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hudson 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , his property, October 4
. ||


                  John 
                  Hudson 
               



            . About a fortnight ago I met with the prisoner at the bar in Nightingale-Lane


 she wanted me to see her bed; I went with her; I had three 36 s. pieces, thirteen guineas and a half in my pocket a t that time: I had some silver, but I do not know how much. The prisoner said there were three shillings and six pence when I was in the house with her. She fastened me in.
Q. Was any body else in the house?
Hudson. I saw no body else in the house but the prisoner.
Q. What time of the day did you go into the house?
Hudson. I went in about nine or ten at night, and sat in a chair and slept, with my head on a table, 'till about two in the morning. When I awaked I could not get out 'till day-light; she was gone, and I was left alone.
Q. How did you get the door open?
Hudson. I got that open with my knife. I miss'd my money.
Q. When did you miss that?
Hudson. I miss'd that about two o'clock, purse and all.
Q. How was the door fastened?
Husdon. It was hasped to, and I put it off the staple with my knife.
Q. Where did you meet with the prisoner afterwards?
Hudson. I took her up at Wapping New, Stairs.
Q. When?
Hudson. The next day. She had my purse in her hand when I first saw her; I said that was my purse; she said it was, and she delivered it to a waterman; and I am very sure he put nothing into it, and took nothing out, and he gave it to me; there was in it six guineas and a half, and one 36 s. piece. I took her before Justice Scott, there she was examined; she told the Justice that she took it out of my pocket.
Q. Do you know she took it out of your pocket?
Hudson. I only know it by what she confessed afterwards. If I had found her at taking it out of my pocket I would not have let her.
Q. Did you take her from Wapping-Stairs immediately before the Justice?
Hudson. No; I took her first to the house where I was with her, and kept her there 'till I got a constable.
Q. Did she tell you how much money she took out of your pocket?
Hudson. No; I ask'd her where the rest of the money was; and she said, she had given that to one of her companions.
Q. Did she tell you what the rest of the money was?
Hudson. No; I did not ask her; she had made away with seven guineas and two 36 s. pieces.
Q. Did you give her any money that night?
Hudson. No; I did not; she took enough, I had no occasion to give her any.
Q. Had not you given her some money before she took your purse?
Hudson. No; not a farthing.
Q. What did you go into that house for?
Hudson. To see her bed; but it was so dirty and nasty I would not lie in it. We had a pot of beer together.
Q. Did not she ask you to give her something?
Hudson. No; not as I know of.
Q. Was you sober?
Hudson. No; if I had been sober I should not have been there.
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation.]


