





494. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Cooper 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of linen sheets, val. 6 s. one linen apron, five other linen aprons, three linen bed gowns, one linen body of a shift, two pieces of linen-cloth, and three holland caps
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Williams 
                  




                
            , Sept. 17. 
*
Mary Williams. I live in Castle-street, Bloomsbury


; on the 17th of September last I had a basket with those linen things mentioned in the indictment in my kitchen, I keep a house for lodgers, I went to bed, and left some of my family up to let others in that were not come home; when I got up in the morning I missed the things mentioned; she had been at my house over night at about 7 o'clock and desired a night's lodging; I refused her, she being apprentice to a person over the way. I went to her the next morning to desire she'd tell me who she saw go out at my door; she said some of my lodgers. Upon my asking her whether she knew any thing of the matter, she told me her mistress bid her come into my kitchen and take the cloaths and give her them out; and after that she bid her go and take the pewter, and she went but could not reach it; then she went into the closet and found three razors, and told her mistress of them, and she bid her take the best of them; that she took one and went to the necessary-house and there fell asleep and left it there. We found one there the next morning; and that her mistress bid her go from thence to a neighbour's cellar and stay there 'till morning, and in the morning go to the Seven Dials, and there she would send her some victuals; and that the next morning her mistress sent her a rowl; the next day she altered her story and said it was one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wast 
               



             ordered her to do it, and came and took the cloaths from her. She nam'd the things and said they were in the bottom of the basket, and in the place where I put them. When I first found this girl, I found this Mary Wast walking with her. We had the girl before Justice Fielding; there she said it was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wast 
               



             put her upon it, and has stuck to it ever since; but at first she there swore it was her mistress.
Q. Have you found any of the things?
M. Williams. No, I have not: we had a warrant and took her mistress up and searched her apartment, but found nothing.
Q. How did she say she got in to take the things ?
M. Williams. She said she took an opportunity to go in when one of our people went out and had left the door open; that she concealed herself under my great table in the kitchen, and shewed me the next day how she did it. She could tell all that passed in the evening; she told of a lodger that came in and sent for a pint of beer, and what money was paid for it.
Q. Do you know this Wast?
M. Williams. I know her to be a very bad person.
Q. How old is the prisoner?
M. Williams. I am told she is sixteen or seventeen years old.


                  Edward 
                  Williams 
               



            . I saw the goods in the basket in the kitchen in the evening; the next morning they were gone and a piece in the upper shutter in the kitchen window was broke, and the window thrown up, and some things were dropp'd in the area
Q. How was the outward door fastened?


                  Edw 
                  Williams 
               



            . That was fastened with a spring-lock. The prisoner declar'd first, that 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            , her mistress had persuaded her to do it; and that when one of the family went out she watched her opportunity and went in and down into the kitchen, there being no candle or fire there, the family being at supper above. A little time after she was there she said my daughter came down into the kitchen (which she did to wait for a lodger coming in.) When he came in he would send for a pint of beer, and being ask'd, whether it was paid for or not, she said, yes, that he chang'd six-pence, and that she could tell all that past there. When her mistress was there to confront her, then she said it was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wast 
               



             put her upon it, and that she came in with a lighted candle without a candle-stick, and held her apron, and she put the things mention'd in, and she took them away; that she left the razor at the necessary-house, where it was found the next morning.
Q. Did you take up Wast?


                  Edw 
                  Williams 
               



            . We have been in search of her, but she is not to be found.


                  Wm 
                  Grubb 
               



            . Two days after the things were missing I heard the prisoner say, she went down into the kitchen and hid herself under the table. I lodge there and came in a little after 10 o'clock that night. I ask'd her what I did when I came into the kitchen; she said, there were two of Mr. Williams's daughters in the kitchen, and that they ask'd me to give them a pint of beer; that I sent one of them for it, and she wonder'd I did not hear her laugh under the table; I ask'd at what; she said, you buss'd the young woman.
Q. Was that true?
Grubb. It was; then she told us how she got the goods and gave them to the woman.


                  Edw 
                  Jones 
               



            . I heard the girl say she concealed herself under the table in the kitchen, and after the people were gone to bed she took the things mentioned. Mrs. Williams sent me down into the kitchen for a tin pot to get some beer. The girl told me she saw me come down and take the tin pot off the table. He confirmed the others in that of taking away the cloaths.
Prisoner's defence.
Mrs. Wast was the person that had the cloaths.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


