






430. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Webb 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of velvet breeches, value 30 s. and one half guinea, the property of Richard Pollard, in the dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Adcock 
                  




                
            , Aug. 2
 + .


                  Richard 
                  Pollard 
               



            . I live in Lumbert Court


, near the Seven Dials, in the house of John Adcock. I missed a pair of velvet breeches with half a guinea in them on the 2 d of August; the prisoner lodg'd in the same house; he was taken up upon suspicion by a pawnbroker for stealing them; he is not here; I found the breeches again that afternoon in the hands of the constable, ( Produc'd in court, and depos'd to) I never saw the half guinea afterwards.
Q. Did the prisoner own any thing?
Pollard. He said he bought the breeches.
Q. How long had you had them?
Pollard. I had had them about a week.
Q. How long had the prisoner lodged there?
Pollard. Before I came there, but he was not always there.
Q. When had you seen the breeches last?
Pollard. I missed them on the Friday, and I had seen them on the Tuesday before; they were hanging on a pin.


                  James 
                  Murry 
               



            . On the 2d of August Mr. Lediall, a salesman, sent for me, and gave me charge of the prisoner. The breeches were produc'd, and he charged the prisoner with stealing them, and desir'd he'd give him his money again; the prisoner gave him two half crowns and a shilling, then two shillings, then he went before Justice Withers, and he committed the prisoner, then the prisoner declared he had stole them in Lumbert-Court, and gave me directions to the owner; he said he took them that morning; he also acknowledged in Bridewell he had the half guinea that fell out of the breeches, and bought himself a pair of leather breeches with it.
Prosecutor. I heard him acknowledge in Bridewell that he had the half guinea.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought these breeches of one 
               
                  John 
                  Marchant 
               



            , who lodged in the same house, and said he sold them for want of money.
For the Prisoner.


                  James 
                  Mathews 
               



            . I live in Bridgewater-Garden; I have known the prisoner 6 years, he lodged with me three or four years ago, I never heard any ill of him.
Comfort Aubury. I have known him from a child, and never heard any ill of him in my life till now.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Webb 
               



            . I have known him from his infancy.
Q. Have you known him lately?
Webb. I saw him three years ago, and never heard ill of him.
Q. Are you any relation of his ?
Webb. I am no relation at all.


                  Sarah 
                  Seley 
               



            . I came from the same place he did, in Herefordshire. I never heard any ill of him.
Q. Have you known him lately?
Seley. I have not seen him since the last time he came up to London, which is a twelve-month ago.


                  Sarah 
                  Mathews 
               



            . I have known him some time; he has been at my house within this month, he behaved very honestly then.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


