





12. (L.) 
               
                  Susannah, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Stafford 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of worstead hose, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Coomes 
                  




                
            , Oct 29
. ++
Rhodes Hayes. I live servant with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Coomes 
               



            , a hosier
 at Holborn-Bridge


. On the 29th of Oct. about seven at night, the prisoner came into our shop, and said she wanted a pair of stockings; I took down some, and told them over. She asked the price of a pair; I said half a crown. She took up 3 pair, and said let me feel the weight of these; she weighted them and gave them a toss down. Then I saw but two pair lying on the counter. Then I told the parcel over again; and there wanted a pair of the number. She sat down and shew'd me her leg, and said I must have a large stocking, for I have a large leg; as I look'd over the counter I saw the other pair of stockings lying on the ground by her feet. Then she took off her garter and measured the calf of her leg, then measured a pair of stockings on the counter, and said these are not big enough. Then as she went to tie her stocking, I saw her stoop very low with her right hand, and she brought the pair or stockings upon the ground under her petticoats. Then she would give but 21 d. for the stockings she had measured. I look'd over the counter, and saw the stockings were gone; she was going to the door; I throw'd myself over the counter and said, you may as well have them, you will get none cheaper. She said I'll give no more, and went out. I went after her, and brought her back; and said she had taken a pair. She said she had not; and as I was going to feel about her coats, there lay the stockings on the ground, by her feet.
Q. Are you certain the stockings did not lay there before ?
Hayes. I am certain they did not. I am very sure she took them out and brought them in again, for there were none upon the floor when she went out. After that she call'd her husband; he came, and began to call her names; and said she had been in bad company.
Prisoner's defence.
I am as innocent of it as the child unborn.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


