





167. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Rachael 
                     Dimsdel 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one safeguard, value 12 d. one linen shift, value 12 d. one quilted petticoat, value 12 d. five clouts, value 6 d. and one piece of linen, value 1 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Griffiths 
                  




                
            , Mar. 21
.


                  Mary 
                  Griffiths 
               



            . My husband's name is William. I lay in on the 10th of March. I only can say I saw the things mention'd in the indictment taken out of the prisoner's apron, my property.


                  Mary 
                  Hawkins 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I had been out of an errand, and when I came home I found the prisoner behind the street door, within the house. I asked her what she did there. She said she came there to keep her from being beat by her husband. I let her go. I told my mistress a strange woman had been there. She had me go and see if the things were safe upon the home that hang to dry. I ran and overtook the prisoner, stop'd her, and said she had got some of my mistress's goods. She said she had not, and gave me a slap on the face. I call'd for assistance, and Mr. Metcalph came and assisted me. We took her back into my mistress's room, and took the things out of her lap. (Produced in court.) These are the things.


                  Joseph 
                  Metcalph 
               



            . I hearing the last evidence cry out for assistance went and assisted her, and we took the prisoner to the prosecutor's wife, and I saw the things taken out of her lap.


                  Mary 
                  Remington 
               



            . I saw these goods taken out of the prisoner's lap; I know them to be the prosecutor's.
Prisoner's Defence.
I saw the things laying in the street, took them up, and put them in my lap.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


