





239. (L.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of - Jacobs, otherwise 
Sarah Sikes



            , widow, was indicted for 


               stealing a two-guinea piece of gold, and sixteen guineas, the money of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Stears 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , May 5
. +


                  William 
                  Stears 
               



            . Last Monday was se'nnight I met the prisoner in Whitechapel in the street, and another woman along with her. I went with them to a house in Harrow-court


.
Q. Did they pick you up, or you them?
Stears. We neither of us picked the other up; I was going along the street, and they spoke to me, and I went into the room with Jacobs, the other fetched a tankard of beer, and I gave her three-pence for fetching of it; she went out of the room directly, and I was with the prisoner there near half an hour; after I had been gone from her, I went to the Three Nuns, and had been there half an hour before I missed my money.
Q. What money did you miss?
Stears. Sixteen guineas and a two-guinea piece.
Q. What time did you meet with them first?
Stears. At about half an hour after ten at night.
Q. Are you sure you had your money about you then?
Stears. I am sure I had just before I came to them in the street. I had received best part of it that day.
Q. Was you sober?
Stears. I was.
Q. Where did you find the prisoner afterwards ?
Stears. I found her in Darkhouse-lane at the Three Tuns, and took her up by the watch.
Q. How far is Darkhouse-lane from the house where you and she were together?
Stears. I believe they are a mile distance; we took her to the watch-house and searched her, and found two guineas and half upon her, and upon the bench where she sat in the watch-house I found a two guinea piece. (The two-guinea piece produced in court).
Q. Is it so remarkable a one that you can swear to it?
Stears. Yes, I can; it is my two-guinea piece, I have had it almost two years.


                  Joseph 
                  Weedon 
               



            . I am constable; on Friday was se'nnight in the morning about four o'clock I was sent for to Billingsgate watch-house, there the prosecutor charged me with the prisoner, saying, she had robbed him of sixteen guineas and a two-guinea piece, and said he had found two guineas and a half upon her; I asked him if he thought she had any more about her? saying, we could soon search her, she was as ready to strip as he could want her. I ordered all the men out, and called some women in, they stripped her naked all but her smock and her stockings, upon turning her about there lay the two-guinea piece upon the place where she sat.
Q. Was any body else near enough so as to lay the two-guinea piece where you found it?
Weedon. No, there was not.
Q. Did you hear it drop from her?
Weedon. No, I did not.
Q. Who saw it first?
Weedon. One of the two women did.


                  John 
                  Ross 
               



            . I am turnkey at the Poultry-compter; I was informed the other person that was along with the prisoner at the bar when she and the prosecutor drank together was named 
               
                  Jane 
                  Brown 
               



            ; she came to see the prisoner after she was committed, I stopped and searched her, as far as decency would permit me; she said to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Jacobs 
               



            , why do you bring me into this trouble? give me what I gave you this morning; then Sarah Jacobs put her hand into her bosom, and took out three guineas and was going to give it her; I said, I believe these three guineas belong to the prosecutor, I'll take and keep them till the trial, (producing them).
Q. Is there any thing on these by which you can know them?
Prosecutor. There is not; I can't say that they are mine.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing about the three guineas they were the woman's property, not mine, the two guineas and a half is money of my saving up; my husband is a Jew, named 
               
                  Michael 
                  Jacobs 
               



            , he is in the country, he used to beat me and use me very ill; I saved that up towards buying me a gown, and I did not let him know where I put it. I sell oysters and fruit and what is to be had in season.
To her character.


                  Elisabeth 
                  Knot 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about five or six years, I lived within a dozen doors of her; I never heard any ill of her; she deals in fruit at the present.
Q. Do you think she is worth as much as two guineas and a half, or two guineas.
E. Knot. I never saw her have so much at once.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


