





57. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Taylor 
                  , spinster
, otherwise 
Elizabeth wife of 
                        
                           John 
                           Wiseman 
                        








            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pint silver mug, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Price 
                  




                
            , October 25
. ||


                  John 
                  Godfery 
               



            . I am waiter at the Inn which Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Price 
               



             keeps; the prisoner came as a servant
 there, and my master was to inquire her character afterwards. On the 25th of October I was waiting on some company above stairs at dinner; after dinner I brought the things down, amongst which was this pint silver mug. Some time after the prisoner went out; and when she returned, she had all new cloaths on. I missed the mug, and she said it was above; after looking and not finding it, I took her up on suspicion, and asked her where she was that time she went out; she said at a place where she had lodged; I went there, and the people said she had not been there. We advertised the mug, and one Slayter, a pawnbroker, brought it to our house on the 30th of October. The mug produced in court and deposed to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Price 
               



            . The prisoner said after it was found if I would let her go she would give me double the money.


                  Thomas 
                  Slayter 
               



            . The prisoner brought me this mug on the 25th of October; I lent her three pound upon it; I saw it advertised afterwards, and carried it to Mr. Price's house; the prisoner then asked forgiveness.
Prisoner's Defence.
What they have said is all false. I was cook in that house; the silver never came into the kitchen, except to be cleaned; it happened to be pawned in my name; the gentleman said the woman that pawned it had on a check gown, but I never had one in my life.
Q. to Slayter. Are you certain as to the prisoner?
T. Slayter. I am, my lord; I lent her a great price, upon condition that she gave me a bill of sale, to which she set her mark. I never knew her before, but described her to Mrs. Price before seeing her there.
To her Character.
Tomasin Arrington. I have known the prisoner about a year and a half, and never heard any ill of her before this.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


