





164. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Kingston 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 10 yards of ribband
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Young 
                  




                
            , Feb. 10
. +



                  Sarah 
                  Young 
               



            . I live in Great-turnstile, Holbourn


, and keep a millener's shop
; the ribband was taken out of my shop on the 10th of February, between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning, it was taken from my maid, I can swear to one of the pieces.
Q. When did you see the ribband last, before it was lost?
S. Young. It was in my shop that morning, my maid came and told me what had happened, I came down and found the prisoner (the ribbands had been taken from her) I asked her about them, she said she had taken them and would do so no more. (The ribband produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Mary 
                  Blaney 
               



            . I am servant to the last witness, the prisoner and another woman came into my mistress's shop to buy a yard of ribband, the other woman bought a yard and the prisoner stole this; I saw her pocket it, she denied it, I said I would search her; she took it out of her pocket and put it upon the compter.
Q. Where was the ribband?
M. Blaney. It was in a drawer that stood upon the compter.
Q. When you charged her with taking the ribband what did she say?
M. Blaney. She said she was going to pay for the other ribband, and that she did not intend to take it; afterwards she said she would never do so any more, if we would let her go. I found several pieces dropt upon the ground from her go. I saw her put them in her pocket.
Prisoner's defence.
I came into her shop and bought a yard of ribband, I was going to buy some black, I had these black pieces in my hand, and going to give her the money they fell back upon my hand, and she said I was going to steal the ribband.
Q. to Blaney. Are you sure you saw her take up the ribband and put it in her pocket.
Blaney. I am sure I did.
For the prisoner.


                  Benjamin 
                  Clark 
               



            . I live in Golden-lane and am a bricklayer, I lodge in the same house, I have known the prisoner above a twelve month, she is hard-working woman that went out to work, selling oysters, fish, fruit, and such like things as that 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


