





472. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Dorothy 
                     Shepherd 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one brocade gown, val. 40 s. one silk-damask gown, val. 3 l. a tabby gown, val. 30 s. two pair of ruffles, val. 10 s. four linnen caps, val. 2 s. three linnen bedgowns, val. 20 s. four shirts, val. 15 s. a beaver hat with a silver buckle, val. 15 s. and four guineas in money numbered
            , the goods and money of 
               
                  Peter 
                  Hall 
               




             , Sept. 21
. ++
Alice Hall. I live in St. Thomas's, near the hospital , on the other  side of the water


, The prisoner at the barr was my servant
: I came down stairs on Friday the 21st of Sept. in the morning, and mist her out of the house; I then searched about the house, and found I had lost the things mentioned in the indictment; we searched after the prisoner, but could not find her; I then advertised her ; she was taken on the Monday following and carried to a tavern facing the Poultry Compter. There I charg'd her; we took her before Alderman Scott, there she confest all, except the money and the holland shirts, I found some of the things again at one Mr. Brooks's, a pawnbroker in Houndsditch, the corner of Gun Yard.


                  Jane 
                  Halcomb 
               



            . I went to see the prisoner in the Poultry-Compter; she told me she took the goods, but not the money.


                  James 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, on the 21st of Sept. the prisoner at the bar brought the things here in court, to me to pledge; I suspected they were not her own: I asked her, where she got them ? she told me her mistress sent them; and that her mistress's husband was arrested, and she wanted to make up a little money, because he should not go to goal; I told her, I would send somebody along with her, to see whether it was so or no; I sent one with her; she carried him to quite a contrary place to where she had told me her mistress lived: I advertised the things, and the prosecutrix came and owned the things.
Prisoner's Defence.
I cannot say but I did take the things, but for the money I did not see that; I never a guinea in my hand while I lived in the place.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


