







83, 84, 85. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Kelly 
                  , otherwise 
Hailey




            , spinster
, 
               
                  
                     Lucy 
                     Holland 
                  



                
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Willis 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one pair of stockings, value 1 s. one lawn handkerchief, value 1 s. 2 silk and cotton handkerchiefs, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Cooper 
                  




                
            , January 3
. ++


                  Martha 
                  Cooper 
               



            . I am a servant
; I begg'd leave of my mistress to go out to buy some things that I wanted to wear. I had 2 pair of stockings, a lawn handkerchief, and 2 silk and cotton handkerchiefs, in a bundle. I was in a shop looking at some flannel; the man said, I could not look at it with that bundle in my hand, and he took it and laid it down at the end of the counter; I told him I could not afford to give him the price he ask'd for the flannel; and when I came to look for the bundle it was gone, I cry'd and was very uneasy.
Q. Where was this?
Cooper. At a shop in Cranbourn-alley


; soon after the things were found upon these three children at the bar; one Mr Dod had taken them up.
Q. Where did you see them?
Cooper. I saw them before Justice Welch.


                  Robert 
                  Hull 
               



            . 
               
                  Ann 
                  Kelly 
               



             brought and pledg'd this handkerchief with me. (Producing a silk and cotton one.)
Q. to Prosecutrix. Look at that handkerchief?
Prosecutrix. It is my handkerchief.
The constable produced another silk and cotton handkerchief. This I had from a pawnbroker in the Hay-market, I really don't know his name, a girl went with me to the house for it.
Q. Was it the prisoner?
Constable. No: it was another girl; the goods where all produced before the justice; the boy own'd he went into the shop, and took away the bundle from off the counter, and brought it out to Holland; she said he did not; he said she sent him in for it.
Prosecutrix. I heard the girls own that they divided the money they made of the things amongst them; one pair of the stockings were found in Kelly's lodging.
The constable said the same.
Kelly's defence. 
               
                  James 
                  Willis 
               



             gave me a pair of stockings and a handkerchief; I pawn'd the the handkerchief and kept the stockings; his mother says he is ten years old.
Holland's defence. This boy (meaning Willis) had got a pair of stockings, he desired Poll Taylor to pawn them, and he said would give her a pretty ribbon; I never saw any thing else but that.
Willis, 

               Guilty
            .  Kelly and Holland, 

               Acquitted
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


