







546, 547, 548. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Newby 
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harrison 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Bradley 
                  



               
            , were indicted for stealing 


               144 yards of sheeting, 8 pieces of crape, and other things, to the value of 108 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Best 
                  




               
            .


                  Thomas 
                  Bradley 
               



            . I keep a stationer's shop in Thames-Street. On the 21st of March last there were two bales of goods, belonging to Mr. Best, sent from my house by 
               
                  John 
                  Coxford 
               



             to be put into a boat, and for his house at Greenwich. I had given Mr. Best leave to put his goods in my shop till they could be sent to Greenwich for him. The waterman carried these two bales from my house to the boat, which lay at Summer's key, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; he not coming again, for he was to have fetched Mrs. Best who was to have gone with him, I went to see what was the matter, I found him in the boat with a candle in his hand, he told me he had put the goods into the boat, and they had been taken away.


                  John 
                  Coxford 
               



            . I am a waterman; I was appointed by Mr. Bradley to carry two bales of goods to Greenwich to Mr. Best, the 21st of March ; I put them into the boat myself, about seven or eight o'clock in the evening, the boat lay at Summers's key stairs, Billings-gate; I first carried one bale then the other, and covered them with the tilt, then I went and sat on the stairs, I was within sight of the boat, had it been light. I waited there till the gentlewoman came down at high water, at nine o'clock going into the boat I missed the goods.
On his cross examination he said one bale was mark'd G. B. the other 
               
                  George 
                  Best 
               



            , Greenwich ; that it is customary to leave at such times a boat-keeper when we are out; that he then left his boy in the boat for that purpose, and what brought him out he could not say; that there was no light only one lamp, and that he does not know that he ever saw Penprise.
- Hall. There were two bales of goods brought and put in the boat, and covered over with the tilt; I did not stay in the boat above six or seven minutes; somebody call'd out and said there were some more goods brought, I went on shore, there were none; I did not stay on shore above a quarter of an hour; when I went on board I found the goods were gone.
Q. What weight might they be of?
Hall. One of them might weigh about a hundred and a half.
Penprise is called, the council for the prisoners object to it. The record of the court is produced, where it is said Penprise was called upon to plead, he pleaded guilty. He was found so by the jury to be branded in the hand, and was branded accordingly.


                  James 
                  Penprise 
               



            . On the 21st of last March, on a Wednesday night between nine and ten o'clock, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Watson 
               



             and I were rowing up with a wherry, in order to row into Billings-gate and get some beer; we saw there two bales of goods, one was linen, the other canvass and crapes; they were covered in a wherry with a tilt; we consulted together in order to take them out; accordingly we lifted them out into our boat, and row'd away down the river to Mr. Roof's; he lives in Shadwell, facing Cole-stairs, he is a sugar-baker; we got there a little after ten o'clock, I carried the bale of linen to his house, and Watson carried the canvass, stuffs, and crapes to my house, which was about a hundred yards distance. I saw Roof in the yard, so I flung them down at the back door, and said, take hold, I don't know what it is. Then I went to follow Watson, before he got to my house I overtook him. I step'd before him and open'd the cellar window, which I had joyning to my house, we put it down there, then he and I came back to Roof's and opened that bale; there was a bill of parcel of what it cost; Watson had some printed linen chints patterns. Roof was with us then. I cannot say how many pieces of printed linen there were; there were four or five. We ask'd Roof if he could sell them, he said, be believed he could, but said, they must lye some time, saying they would be advertised. We took them out of the wrapper, and put them by, and put the wrapper under his copper and burnt it. Then we went away to my house and opened the other bale, there was 
               
                  George 
                  Best 
               



             at length upon one wrapper, I know not which; we found in the other bale six pieces of camblet, four pieces of stuffs striped, and eight pieces of Norwich crapes, we took them out of that wrapper and put them into two sacks, and brought the crape into my house, and left the other things in a sack in the cellar; then Watson went home, I had a suspicion my house might be searched, so the next morning I went down to Mr. Roof's, and desired him to take them. Said he, I will come and fetch them; he came the next morning, I gave him the eight pieces of crape in a sack; about a week after my house and Watson's were searched for these goods; they could not find any thing in either; I saw the officers coming, so I got away. At night I came home, and went down to Roof's, Watson went with me, we told him what had happen'd; he said, he had heard it; so we desired he would take to his house the other part of the goods, he agreed to it, and said, he would send them away; Watson and I carried them to his house that night, at about 11 or 12 o'clock. Now they were all at his house, when we found he could not sell them, we ask'd him to let us have them again, saying, we could sell them. Said he, you may have them again. Said we, we must pay you something. What? said he. We shall not fall out, said we. One morning after this I happened to be at Mr. Newby's house, at King James's stairs, Shadwell, he is a publican, there was Watson and I, Newby and Mr. Harrison, the last lives in Ratclif-high-way, he is a broker. Harrison said, what have you done with your goods? he knew of it, for two or three days after we had taken them he shew'd me the advertisement in the paper concerning them, and said, it was a good booty (this was about a month after) Roof told us he had carried the goods to a place of safety, but would not tell Watson or I where. Harrison lean'd over the table and said, he could sell them all in a day or two.
Q. Are you sure he said we?
Penprise. I am sure he did. We said then, what will you have for selling them? He said ten guineas. We said we will give it; but you must mind and not sell them under price for the take of your ten guineas. He said he would sell them as dear as he could. We said you must mind what you do, for you know they are advertised, and the gentleman is very busy in looking after them. Never fear, said Harrison, we know who to sell them to. I don't know whether both did not say so; but Harrison took most upon him to talk. Mr. Roof would not tell us where they were; but I found afterwards, that they were in Old-street; after we agreed, we parted, and we went to Roof's the next day, in order to get the goods again, and Mr. Roof went with us, and also a porter with a basket. There were Mr. Roof, and I, Watson, and the porter. When we came into Old-street, Roof put us into an alehouse, and said, he'd come to us presently. We sat down and drank for about half an hour, and Roof came to us again, and said the man that has got the goods will have six guineas for warehouse room. We said it was rather too much, two or three were pretty well, and desir'd he'd return and get it as cheap as he could. He went out and came in again, and said they would bate half a guinea and no more. We bid Roof pay it, and we would pay him again. He said he would. Presently I went out at the door, and saw a basket standing three or four doors off on the right hand. I thought this was our basket. I stepp'd out and look'd into the shop and found it to be a grocer's shop. I saw our porter standing in the shop all alone. I went back and told Watson, that I had seen the porter and basket at such a place. I lighted a pipe of tobacco and came to the door; then the basket was taken in. After that the porter came out with the basket on his back, and Roof close after him with a bag. Then I went in and told Watson that the goods were coming. We paid our reckoning and followed them. Roof carried the bag about two hundred yards; then I took it. We went to Harrison's house; we got there between 12 and 1 o'clock in the day; we sent the porter about his business. Harrison sent away for Newby; he came, and said he had company in his house, so could not stay; we had opened them before he came; he just looked upon them and went away. There was a mark upon the end of the printed linen, which Harrison got a pair of scissars, and cut off. We left them there for him to sell. There was a whole piece of cotton Roof would have for his own use; and he said he would pay us for it. About a day or two after, they said one Maculley wanted to buy some of it. Watson and I went down to his house, and took no notice we belong'd to the goods, to observe that they did not cheat us. There went a boy from Mr. Maculley's to Mr. Harrison's by his order, to fetch some of the linen that they might see it. He is a sea-faring man; his wife sells linen, ribbons, &c. There were three pieces of printed linen brought down; they began to look at them, and said they were very pretty things. Harrison asked three shillings a yard, saying he had them to sell for a poor man who was in goal. The woman said she would have them, if her husband lik'd it; so she chose out two pieces; her husband was to give his note for them. Harrison said he would accept it. Said the woman, how many yards is there of them? Said Harrison, there is five or six and thirty yards of a piece. Said she, how much money do they come to? as they were casting it up, said the woman, had we not better measure them? Harrison said with all my heart; but there is the same quantity I'll assure you. Said the woman, I chuse to have them measured. Then Newby and Harrison measured them. There were but about twenty-five yards of a piece. Then they said, what villains are those that have got the man's goods when they had them in their custody, when the poor man was in goal. Then the woman agreed to give them the money, which was seven pounds ten shillings, at three shillings per yard. There was a note given from Mr. Maculley to Mr. Harrison, and Newby was a witness to it.
Q. What money did you get for these goods?
Penprise. When Harrison first sold some of them, which was a day or two after he had them; he gave Watson and me twelve guineas in part; he said he had sold about fourteen pounds worth. But we never got any more for all the goods than that twelve guineas. We used to go to them to settle with them; but they would always put us off. Harrison would say Newby had got the money; and Newby would say Harrison had the money. So they serv'd us; we never could get them together, or get any other answer from them.
On his cross examination, he said he was taken up about some logwood, and sent to Mr. Harrison to be bail for him; that he came once to see him when he was in New Prison, but never came again, and would not bail him ; that Watson is run away; that he saw the goods in the boat as he was going over the boat to step on shore.
Roof. I am a sugar-baker, I live at Colestairs, Shadwel. The 21st of last March Penprise knocked at my back door, I said who is there ? Said he a friend. I opened the door, in he threw a bale of goods; he bid me take care of them. I shut the door again, and went out at the fore door; then I saw Watson and Penprise. They desired I would open it, that they might see what was in it. There were four pieces of linen for sheeting, two pieces of printed cotton, four pieces of printed linen, what they call chints; there were two letters G B on the cover. I took that and threw it under my copper and burnt it; the next day I saw Watson. He told me I might send the goods any where, where I thought they would be safe. Then Bradley came to my house to buy some sugar; I shew'd him these goods; he said he would have the goods, and take care of them. I told him I was afraid my house would be rummag'd.
Q. Did you tell him how you came by them?
Roof. I told him I believ'd they were stolen.
Q. Where does Bradley live?
Roof. He lives at Hoxton, and keeps a chandler's shop. He said he would carry them to a place in Old-street where Kirkley liv'd. So he took some, and some a porter carried. When I had got rid of the things from my house, I went to Penprise, and he said there were some other goods which he would be glad to have me take. Then he gave into my custody eight pieces of black crape in a corn sack. Them I carried to my house, which Bradley fetch'd the day after to Old-street. As I was getting up about five or six days after, I saw some goods lying in my yard, I opened the door, in comes Penprise, and said there are some of the goods, and desired I would send them along with the other things. I never look'd into the bag, so don't know what they were; I put the bag into a basket, and laid five or six loaves of sugar upon them, and sent them after the others in about half an hour's time by my porter 
               
                  Robert 
                  Neale 
               



            .
*** At this sessions above one hundred prisoners were tried, some of which trials being long and very remarkable, we thought it would be more agreeable to our readers (who we shall at all times be desirous of obliging) to have as full an account as possible, so shall print the whole in two fourpenny books.
N. B. The second part will be published on Tuesday next the 2d of October.





*** Sir John Colebatch's most excellent volatile anti-apoplectic Elixir, so much fam'd for certainly curing convulsive Fits, and all nervous Disorders, and Complaints in Men Women and Childrens, Being the genuine Receipt of that late eminent Physician, who found it by long and skilful Experience, to be the only sure Specific for the Apoplexy, Epilepsy, Lethargy, Hysteric, and all other Disorders, seizing the Head, and Nerves; such as Swimmings in the Head, violent Head-Achs, Sleepiness, Faintings, Falling-Sickness, Lowness, and Sinking of the Spirits, Palpitation and Trembling of the Heart, Weakness of the Nerves, Hysteric Fits, Hysteric Cholics, Convulsions in the Bowels, &c. we so daily hear of Persons being suddenly seiz'd with, and expire for want of a true Specific, to give a due Circulation to the Blood and nervous Fluid.
This excellent Specific Elixir, not only cures the aforesaid Disorders, but by being taken in Time, keeps them from coming, prevents Returns, and has cured many, that have tried all other Things, and the Advice of most eminent Physicians without Success.
To be had of the Proprietor Marshall Sheepey, Bookseller, under the South-West-Piazza of the Royal Exchange, Cornhill, (by whom good Allowance is given in the Country to sell again, or carry abroad) and (by his Permission) sold at Mrs. Lagrange's Medicinal Warehouse, at the Acorn in New-street, Covent Garden, and no where else in London; in the Country by the following persons; Mes. Stabler and Barslow, at York; Mr. Henry Martin, in Radcliff-street, Bristel; Mr. Woolley at Northampton ; Mr. 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Black 
                     



                  , at Gainsborough, Lincolnshire ; Mr. 
                     
                        James 
                        Wilkinson 
                     



                  , on the Point, Portsmouth; and by Mr. 
                     
                        John 
                        Exshaw 
                     



                  , Bookseller, on Corkhill, Dublin. Price 4 s. the large, and 2 s. the smaller Bottle, with Directions.
N. B. At all the above Places, many likewise be had, the celebrated Dr. Radcliffe's Lozenges for the Piles, Price 1 s. the Dose, three or four of which, at most, perfect a Cure; and at any Time as a Purge prove a gentle, opening and cooling Medicine, for which they are excellent, and proper for all Families and Persons going abroad to keep by them. Good Allowance to those that take a Quantity. No Letters answer'd unless Post paid.







THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON; And also the Gaol Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX,
HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY,
On Wednesday the 12th, Thursday the 13th, Friday the 14th, Saturday the 15th, Monday the 17th, Tuesday the 18th, and Wednesday the 19th of September.
In the 24th Year of His MAJESTY's Reign.
PART II. of NUMBER VII. for the Year 1749.
BEING THE Third SESSIONS in the MAYORALTY of the
Right Honble 
                  
                     John 
                     Blachford 
                  



               , Esq; LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
LONDON:
Printed, and sold by M. COOPER, at the Globe in Pater-noster Row. 1750.
[Price Four-pence.]

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery held for the City of London, &c.

Q. WHERE did you send them?
Roof. I gave directions to him, that he was to carry them to Kirkley's house, and put them where Bradley put the other things. Watson came to me one day, and ask'd me to go and see if they were all sold. I called by myself at Kirkley's about five or six days after. Kirkley told me the porter had brought some goods which he had put up stairs with the other goods. About six weeks after, Watson ask'd me if I would go along with him to the place where the goods were. I said if he would come the next day I would. Penprise and he came accordingly. I employ'd 
               
                  Robert 
                  Neal 
               



             the porter to go again. I bid him go to Kirkley's and we would meet him there. So we three set out; when we came almost to the house, I said there is the shop, and desired them to go into an ale-house. They went in. Then Kirkley told me he would send to Bradley, and they should have the goods when he came. He came before they had the goods; Bradley said when he came, the goods should not go till he had six guineas for the time of being there; upon that I stepp'd out to Penprise and Watson, and told them what he said. They said they would give him five guineas, and they desired me to lay down the money, and they would give me a note. Upon that I went to Bradley again, and told him what they were willing to give; he insisted upon five guineas and a half; so I paid five guineas down, and said he should have half a guinea more if the men agreed to it. Then Bradley took the key and went up two pair of stairs; he opened the chest and took out the goods, and put some of them into the porter's basket, and some into a bag; so I walk'd along with the porter to Penprise and Watson ; I ordered the porter to go ( according to the order agreed upon by them) to Harrison's in Ratcliff Highway. We all went thither, but I did not go into the house then.
Q. Did you ever see the advertisement?
Roof. No, I never did. Bradley told me about eight days after the goods were carried to his house they were advertised, and also he said, he knew the man who printed them.
On his cross examination, he said Neal had been his porter about two years; that Neal did not know that they were Penprise's and Watson's goods; or that they were stolen ; that he could not tell how Bradley came to have a key to a room in Kirkley's house; and that there was no bargain made between Bradley and himself about the price for warehouse room.


                  Robert 
                  Neal 
               



            . I am the porter. I carried some goods by Mr. Roof's order to Old-Street. It is a good while ago, I cannot recollect the time, I believe it was about last spring; I believe in March ; I was to carry them to Hoxton Square to Mr. Bradley's. I carried them there. Mr. Bradley ask'd me what it was. I said I could not tell. There was something in the bottom of the basket, I could not tell what. There was sugar on the top.
Q. Did you carry any thing for Mr. Roof to Old-street to Mr. Kirkley's ?
Neal. Yes, I have carried some lump sugar ; once I fetch'd some goods from Mr. Kirkley's. Mr. Roof said, Watson and Penprise wanted to speak with me. I went to them. They ask'd me to take a basket and go with them there. Roof said make your bargain as well as you can, I have nothing to do with that. I took my basket and went to Kirkley's by myself. I left my basket there, and went and drank a pint of beer; and after that I went and had the basket lifted upon me. (I saw Penprise, Watson, and Mr. Roof at another alehouse near Kirkley's ) My basket was pretty heavy; I carried it to Harrison's a broker in Ratcliff Highway. Penprise and Watson went there too. Penprise carried something in a handkerchief.


                  George 
                  Best 
               



            . I am the owner of these goods. There were in one bale, four pieces of Irish sheeting, one hundred and fifty yards; two pieces of printed cotton chints patterns, twenty eight yards each; four pieces of printed linen chints patterns, thirty five yards each. On this was my name in full length. They were bought of Mr. Craythorn in Cheapside, March 20. I always have my goods sent to Mr. Bradley's a stationer in Thames-street, who gives me house room; and as my man comes up from Greenwich where I live, he calls there to know what goods I have left there.
The other came from Norwich, I never saw it; but I have here in my hand the letter of advice of it before it came from 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Barrow 
               



             of Norwich.
There were eight pieces of crape, four pieces of strip'd stuff, four pieces of canvas, No. 1. four Pieces of Camblet, No. 2. to be sent to Mr. Bradley stationer.
One bill is 56 l. 4 s. the other bill makes the amount of the whole 108 l. 7 s.
About 8 o'clock in the morning, March 21. Mrs. Best came home, and said she had met with a misfortune, having lost all these goods. Some time after this, there came a man to me, and said, he believed he could give me some account of my goods. I took out a search warrant and search'd Penprise's and Watson's houses; but it seems at Penprise's, I search'd the wrong cellar. Some time after this, a man came to me from Mr. Scott, the dry salter, to give me an account of my goods; saying he would carry me to a person, who had the goods brought to his house, which was this Roof. I went to Ratcliff-Cross to the Ship Tavern. We sent for Roof, but he could not be found. The next day I met with him there. He told me of his having the goods brought to his house; and went before Justice Bury, and swore to it. He told me the identical pieces of goods, so much as the number of yards. Then I had a warrant to search Harrison's house. I took Neal the porter who carried the goods there. Harrison happened to be at home. I fix'd two of my people at the door to see nothing was carried out. I went in with a constable and my servant. I desired the constable not to part from the warrant, yet notwithstanding, he gave it into Mr. Harrison's hand, which was using me very ill. In the very first drawer I opened, in a back room, up one pair of stairs, I found several pieces of printed cotton from one of my pieces. They were produced in Court. It is a new pattern just come out. I bought these goods myself. Then I said to Harrison, I have now the porter below, that can prove the delivery of the goods into your house. Said he, it is true, the goods were brought here, but they were here but one night; he then turn'd pale, and shook and trembled. He was carried before Justice Bury, and committed to New Prison. About six or seven days after this, on the 30th of July, a man came to me, and said, he believed he had seen some of my goods, which was the very person who gave me information at first, that was at Mrs. Maculley's. I went to Justice Bury for a warrant, then went down to this woman's house, and told her my business; sure, said she, they were not stolen. Said I, you bought them of Mr. Harrison. Said she, I did. Said I, they are my property. She said she would give me the bill, which her husband made a memorandum of. Said she, I have sold them to a person that is gone abroad. I think she said to Virginia: Said I, I have got a search warrant. Said she, don't affright me. The maid went up stairs and fetch'd me down a gown which she had made of one of the pieces; then Mrs. Maculley said she bought them of Newby and Harrison; that she had not money enough to pay for them, and her husband had given a note of hand for them, for 7 l. 19 s. They cost me 4 s. 2 d. per yard. I had these goods advertised in the Daily Advertiser, 20 l. reward, then for 40 l. But I heard nothing of them, till I found them as I have now mentioned. Here I heard of Bradley's being concerned. Then Kirkley and Bradley absconded. Here the prisoner Harrison acknowledg'd his guilt, and gave it up.
Witness continues. Some time after this a man came to me, and told me he was sorry for Bradley, and pleaded innocency on his part. Then Bradley came down to Greenwich, to my house, some time in August, my coachman was five days in persuading him to come down; he began to tell me how innocent he was. Said I, your friend has told me you saw the advertisement, and after that you went to Roof and did not approve of taking the money proposed in the advertisement. I said, if you had been an honest man, you would have made a discovery. He said, he could not tell what induced him not to do it.
Upon Mrs. Maculley being call'd, rather than have her evidence opened in court, Bradley and Newby pleaded guilty.
All three 

               Guilty
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


