





268. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Isles 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one piece of cotton cheque, value 20 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Chamberlain 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said John
            , Feb. 26
.


                  John 
                  Chamberlain 
               



            . I live in Holy-well-street, Shoreditch


; I was not at home when the robbery was committed, when I returned my wife and servant had got the prisoner in my shop again, she had taken the cheque, and had been gone out of the shop. They can give your lordships a better account of the robbery.


                  Hannah 
                  Chamberlain 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. Yesterday was seven-night, the prisoner came into my shop, about the time of lighting up candles, to buy a small quantity of Irish for shift sleeves. As she was looking on the cloth by the light of the door, I saw something look bulk under her cloaths. I imagined she had took something; for as I looked hard at her I perceived she turned pale. She went out of the shop, I called our maid, and desired her to watch that woman where she went; for I was very suspicious she had took something, but I could not tell what. Just as the maid was going out of the door, I missed the cheque out of the window; I told the maid what she had got, and desired her to go and call her back, which she did. We searched her, and found she had on a remarkable pocket, but nothing of mi ne upon her; then we went to the place where she was standing when my servant went to her to come back, which was in a little alley, not a stone's cast from my house; we looked over the pales, but could not see the cheque.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; I saw the prisoner in our shop, and after she was gone my mistress desired me to go and call her back, saying she miss'd a piece of cheque from out of the window. She was in an alley in Newin-yard, standing sloping as though she was buckling her shoe near the pales; I told her my mistress wanted to speak with her. Then I turned my back towards her, and she followed me directly.


                  Catherine 
                  Cotton 
               



            . My pales come into this alley; I heard something about this time come over them, and heard it rustle like paper in the fall. I went into the garden, and found this piece of cheque withinside my pales. From out of this alley I took it up, and brought it into my house; and as I sat, I heard a talking in the alley, and somebody say, has not she throw'd it over the pales? I opened my back door, and there was Mr. Chamberlain and the Constable in search after something. I asked what they wanted, they said a piece a fine cheque ; I said I had found it; it lay near the place where the servant said the prisoner was standing doing something to her shoe.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


