







12, 13, 14. (M.)
               
                  
                     John 
                     Richardson 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Charlotte 
                     Leith 
                  



                
            . and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Price 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the first for 


               receiving five quarts of the said oil
            , 


               the second one pint and a half
            , and 


               the third seven quarts, each well knowing it to have been stolen
            , &c. Nov. 17


 ++


                  Robert 
                  Campbell 
               



             was sworn, and deposed, That he was directed to the three prisoners at the bar, by the person that fled at the time he was taken, who had been a servant in the place he then was; that he sold to Richardson five quarts of his mistress's oil, at 4 d. halfpenny per quart, and that he bid him to bring no more in the day time the first time he sold him some, but come in the night, and he would take it, if it was ever so much, and that he knew he was a lamplighter; that he sold Charlotte Leith three half pints for three pence, and she told him she would buy more of him if he brought any; that he sold to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Price 
               



             seven quarts, three the first time, two the next day, and two the day after, for a groat a quart; that she bid him come again if he had any more; that he went in his lamp lighter's dress, set his ladder at the door, and pour'd it out of his tin pot.


                  Samuel 
                  Hacket 
               



             the constable deposed, That he took up the prisoners by the evidence Campbell's direction. The prisoner Richardson offer'd him two guineas it he'd make the affair up.
William Ward deposed, That the prisoner Richardson offer'd him five or six guineas to accommodate the matter, that he own'd before the justice he gave four-pence halfpenny a quart for it to Campbell; that he heard 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Leith 
               



             say she bought three half pints of Campbell for three pence; that he was also at the taking up of Mary Price, and that she acknowledged before justice St. Lawrance she knew Campbell to be a lamplighter, and that she sold oil
Richardson in his defence said, he thought there was no harm in it, and that he was innocent.
He call'd to his character 
               
                  John 
                  Dodd 
               



            , who had known him three years; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wood 
               



             three years; 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Boucher 
               



            , three years; 
               
                  Richard 
                  Cotterell 
               



            , three years; Mr. Clear, three years; 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Boyden 
               



            , seven years; 
               
                  Richard 
                  Dixon 
               



            , three years; Thomas Footing, about three years; Mr. Ascue, three years; 
               
                  William 
                  Stone 
               



             about three quarters of a years; Mr. c, re years; 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Clark 
               



            , three years; and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Appiton 
               



            , about a year, who all gave him the character of an honest man.
Charlotte Leith call'd six witness to her character, who all give her a good one.


                  Mary 
                  Price 
               



             call'd ten witnesses to her character, who all give her a good one
Richardson 

               guilty
            .
Leith and Price 

               acquitted
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


