





87. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Collins 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Taylor 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , Dec. 11
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Taylor 
               



            . On the 11th of Dec. last I was with the prisoner in a lodging in George-alley, near the Fleet-market. She said they were her lodgings; but I found afterwards they were not. She took my watch from out of my pocket.
Q. How do you know it was the prisoner that took it?
Taylor. Because the watch was found upon her; and I took particular notice of her person, to know her again; and I had been in no body's company but her's when I lost it.
Q. Out of which pocket did she take it?
Taylor. She took it out of my waistcoat pocket.
Q. What sort of a watch was it?
Taylor. It was a silver watch.
Q. Where was she when you found your watch with her?
Taylor. In her lodgings in Black-boy-alley, where we took her.
Q. Was you sensible at the time you lost it that she was the person that took it?
Taylor. Yes.
Q. By what do you know ?
Taylor. Because when I went into her company I felt in my pocket to see if I had it, and I had it; but when I parted from her I missed it.
Q. How long after you parted with her was it that you missed it?
Taylor. I missed it just as I came out at the door, and then I thought she was behind me. I turned about, and asked the woman of the house if she knew where she was gone: the woman cry'd, and said, I hope you have not lost your watch. I said, I have. She said, Did not you see her whisper to me: I said, I did not observe it. She said, She whisper'd me, and said, He has got a watch, and asked me if she should take it, or not: I said, No, don't. I and my acquaintance followed her into Black-boy-alley.

Q. Had you an acquaintance with you when you went into her company ?
Taylor. He went to see the man of the house, and was talking to him while I went out of doors with the prisoner to her lodging, as she call'd it. Then I went and told my friend of it, and he and I went to Black boy alley, where we went into a house, and asked for such a person.
Q. Did she direct you where to find her?
Taylor. No. We went up stairs, where we found the prisoner in bed with another woman. She got out of bed. I said, You have got my watch: She said, I know nothing of either you or your watch. I said, I know that you are the woman who took it.
Q. Did you search her ?
Taylor. We searched the bed, and found it conceal'd under the ticking of the bed.
Q. Was you sober?
Taylor. I was. After the watch was found I left it with the constable; and she was carry'd to the watch house, and the next day before a magistrate, and was there charg'd with stealing it.
Q. What answer did she make to that ?
Taylor. She said I gave it her because I had no more money; but that was false: for I took it out of my fob, and put it into my waistcoat pocket, and did not know that she was sensible of my having a watch.
Q. from prisoner. Whether you did not leave that watch with me for a crown?
Taylor. No, she was contented with what I gave her, which was what she asked.
Q. What was that?
Taylor. Only the change that I had out of a sixpence, when I paid for a pot of beer.
Q. What are you?
Taylor. I am an apprentice to Mr. Car, a watch-gilder, in Little Britain.
Q. from prisoner. Whether, when I was in the publick house, he did not beckon me out, and say, he wanted to pawn his watch, and I said to him, No, don't go to pawn it?
Taylor. That is all false. She shew'd me the way to that house, at which I never was before.


                  Alexander 
                  Harrow 
               



            . I am the constable. About 1 o'clock on the Thursday morning, the 11th of December, the prosecutor's friend came to me to the watch-house, and told me an acquaintance of his had lost his watch. I said, Do you know where the person is that took it? He said he believed she was in Black-boy-alley. I went with him, and took assistance with me, to a house there. We found the prisoner and another woman in a bed together. I said to the prosecutor, Do you know whether either of these is her? He hesitated a little, and made them get up. As she was dressing herself, he said, This is the woman, meaning the prisoner. I asked her where the watch was: she said she knew nothing of it. When they were both got up, by our shaking the rugs about on which they lay, out tumbled the watch. The prosecutor said, If that is my watch my name Thomas Taylor is on it; which we found to be true. Produced in court, and deposed to. I carried her to the watch-house, and from thence to the counter.
Q. Did she confess any thing?
Harrow. She said he pledg'd the watch with her for some consideration.
Prisoner's defence.
I was in a publick house where were this young man and his fellow apprentice. I had seen him several times in that house. He said, Betty, how do you do? I said, But indifferent. He said, Will you drink any porter ? I sat down, and drank part of two pots of porter with him; after that be beckoned me out to the door: when I came there I said, What do you want with me? He said, I want to go home with you, if you are agreeable: I said, I am if you are. Accordingly he went home with me. He had but one sixpence in the world when he was in the alehouse, and that he spent in two pots of porter. He said to the woman of the house where I lodge, My dear I have got no money, but I'll leave my watch in pledge with you for a crown. I said, What business have I in your company if you have got no money? He said. He would leave his watch. I asked the woman if I should take it. She said, Yes. Then he gave it into my hand. This was about 8 or 9 o'clock. About 12 o'clock he came and took me out of bed, and charged me with the robbery. There were three women in the house where I lay, for which reason I put the watch between the sacking and the tick of the bed. They startled me out of my sleep, and talk'd about a watch. I said, What watch? He said, The watch you rob'd me of. I said (before the constable ) he had left his watch with me for a crown.
Q. to constable. Did she say so when the prosecutor demanded the watch of her?
Constable. No, my lord, she denied to me that she knew any thing of the watch.




               Guilty of stealing (but not privately) from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


