





339. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Wood 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 16 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Chappel 
                  




                
            , July 21
. ++


                  Henry 
                  Chappel 
               



            . I am a 
               
                  journeyman 
                  apothecary 
               




             .
Q. Where?
Chappel. My master is Mr. Foot in Hatton-garden. On the 21st of July I was in Drury-lane


, at a house opposite the play-house, in a court.
Q. A private or public house?
Chappel. A private house.
Q. Was you drunk or sober?
Chappel. I was neither drunk nor sober; I was a little in liquor; not much.
Q. How came you to be at that house?
Chappel. I was in company with some friends at another house; and when I came out this good woman at the bar pick'd me up, and carried me to that house. The good woman asked me what I would give her? I told her I was lock'd out of my lodgings, and would be glad to lie there all night. I did not care where I lay, so that I did not lie in the streets. The prisoner said, I should be very welcome to lie in her bed, saying she had a lodging of her own; so I accepted it. I had my watch in my pocket at that time, and I cut a hole in my breeches to put the string through , fearing my pocket should be pick'd for I was afraid it was a bad sort of a house, because I saw there was no furniture in it; and she made so bad an appearance; and there was no candle; we were in the dark.
Q. How could you see her appearance then?
Chappel. I had seen her in the street, but could discern but little of her.
Q. Where were your buckles?
Chappel. I had them in my shoes; I went to bed there.
Q. Did you lie alone?
Chappel . No; that good woman at the bar was my bedfellow.
Q. Was there any body in that room but her and you?
Chappel. No; there was not; nor no body else in the house. The woman of the house kept a green-stall (as I was informed afterwards), and was gone out to buy greens, and she left the key in the door, and I step'd out of bed and lock'd it, and put the key in my pocket. The good woman at the bar bid me be careful of my watch, and put it under my pillow; and said also, you have a very handsome pair of shoe-buckles, put them under the bed; and so I did, and put my breeches under the pillow, with my watch in them . I don't think she could see my shoe-buckles; but she said this to know whether I had such or not . I lay there all night, and awaked, as nigh as I can guess, at about five. Then the good woman was gone, I turned on the other side, and found no body with me. I can't tell when she left me. Then I went to put my cloaths on, and instead of finding my breeches and watch, I only found my breeches, and the other cloaths, as I left them .
Q. Had you any money in your pocket?
Chappel . I had a few halfpence, and I think a six-pence; all that was gone, only a brass weight, that was remaining in my pocket. I described the woman as well as I could at justice Fielding's. She went by the name of Bucksom Jenney; and she was taken, and carried before justice Fielding, and I was sent for there. She said there she had my slieve-buttons. I had given her my slieve-buttons, and what little money I had, to lie with her. She own'd she lay with me, and got up in the morning before me. She had pawn'd the buttons for 1 s. 6 d. which I had again. She said the watch and buckles were divided among some soldiers, and made away with, and that she received but little part of the gain.
Q. Did you ever find the watch or buckles?
Chappel . No; I never did: I heard where the buckles were; but I never went after them, fearing my master should have a suspicion of something of this kind .
Prisoner's defence.
He said he would not appear against me, and that he would have the bill made ignoramus .



               Guilty
             .




[Transportation. See summary.]


