





17. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Eadon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of leather shoes, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Littleford 
                  




                
            , Nov. 29
. ++.


                  Thomas 
                  Littleford 
               



            . I keep a shoemaker's shop
 in Castle-street, Leicester-fields


, but was not at home when this thing happen'd.


                  Ann 
                  Littleford 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. The prisoner and another man came into our shop; he ask'd to see a good strong pair of shoes; be fitted on a pair; and said, he thought they were rather to short; I show'd him a pair longer; he fitted them on; I ask'd him 5 s. 6 d. for them, then I bated 3 pence; at their going out of the door, I told them they should have them for 5 shillings; they went away, and in about a quarter of an hour after, they both came in together again; the prisoner ask'd me for the shoes he had been about; and said, he was come to give me earnest for them; I had a suspicion of the other man at his first coming in; while I was turning towards the shoes the other man snatch'd a pair of shoes from out of window, and run away; I said to the prisoner, that man has stole a pair of shoes; he said, he knew nothing of the man, and push'd out into the street; I followed him into the court, and call'd stop thief; he turned about and said, what do you stop me for; I said, you have brought a man that has stole a pair of shoes; the neighbours came and secured him, and we took him before justice St Laurance.
Q. from the prisoner. When you call'd stop thief, whether I did not stand still?
Prosecutrix. He turn'd about and said as I mention'd


                  Esther 
                  Bishop 
               



            . I saw the prisoner stopt; he laugh'd, and made a sneer at it; when he was before the justice, he said, he did not value what they could do to him.
Prisoner's defence. I went into that shop to buy a pair of shoes; I had but 4 s. 6 d. about me, so could not pay for them all at once. As I went in a man follow'd me, he did not belong to me, I know nothing at all of him.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Did they seem to be both acquainted when they came into the shop?
Prosecutrix. Yes, they did: while this man fitted them, on the other said, they will do very well, they are good strong shoes; they convers'd and pass'd there opinions together about them.
Q. Did they go out together?
Prosecutrix. They did.
Q. Did they come in together the second time?
Prosecutrix. They did.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


