





150. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wigmore 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        Augus 
                        Duthie 
                     




                   , privately in his shop
            . Nov. 15
.* 
Augus Duthie. I am a Taylor
 and live in Whitehorse-yard by Drury-lane


; I keep a small shop to sell trimmings to taylors; I lost a great coat on the 14th of Nov. last.
Q. Where was it taken from?
Duthie. It was hanging on the door of the shop.
Q. Do you sell coats?
Duthie. No, I do not.
Q. Did you miss it immediately?
Duthie. No, I did not; this was on the Saturday, I did not miss it till the Sunday morning; I enquired among the pawnbrokers on the Wednesday following, and at a new pawnbroker's in Russel-court I found it; they told me they had taken it in on the Saturday night on which I lost it.
Q. What is the pawnbroker's name?
Duthie. His name is Rotchford, ( produced in court ) this is a coat I made for my own wear, the pawnbroker told me the prisoner pawned it. I went in search of him and found him in the street, I had a warrant and so I took him up.
Q. When did you take him up?
Duthie. This was on the Friday after I had lost my coat; I took him to justice Fielding who committed him.
Q. What did he say before the justice?
Duthie. Before the justice he said he bought the coat, but I forgot the person's name he said he bought it of.


                  William 
                  Wakefield 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Walter 
                  Rotchford 
               



             a pawnbroker (he takes the coat in his hand) the prisoner at the bar brought this coat to me on Friday night the 14th of November, and said he was just come out of a fit of illness, he had bought it to keep himself warm and he wanted some money on it.
Prisoner's defence.
He is mistaken, it was on Saturday night that I pawned it, and that Saturday night I had two shirts a making in Drury-lane, I went to give my seamstress a pot of beer, there came in two men and called for a pint of beer, one of them had the coat on his arm, they whispered together, then one said to the other, you bought it dear enough, I wish you may make your money of it again. I asked them what they would have for the coat, they said 20 s. I said I could not spare so much money; if you'll sell it I'll give you 16 s. for it; he let me have it for that, then they came to the box where I was drinking. I had not so much money about me, so I laid down 8 s. and my two new shirts, and left the woman that made them with them till I went and pawned it to get the rest of the money, which I did, and returned and paid the other 8 s.
For the prisoner.
Eliz. Jackson. The prisoner lives in Drury lane.
Q. What is his business ?
E. Jackson. He is a carpenter by trade.
Q. What are you?
E. Jackson. I work very hard for my bread at washing and with my needle; I was present when the prisoner bought the coat.
Q. When was it?
E. Jackson. To the best of my knowledge it was in the middle of November. I had made two new shirts for him, and he came to my lodging and asked me to drink a pint of beer, when two men came in who buy old cloaths, as I took it they came to have a pint of beer.
Q. What publick house was it?
E. Jackson. It was the Elephant and Castle, one said to the other he had bought a bargain since they parted; the other looked at the bargain, the prisoner asked the man that bought it whether he was for selling it or no?
Q. What colour was the coat?
E. Jackson. It was a light colour'd coat.
Q. What sort of a coat?
E. Jackson. A horseman's coat, a big coat.
Q. Are you certain as to the colour?
E. Jackson. It was a light drab I know, the man answered the prisoner and said he bought it to sell; he asked him what he would have for it? he said he would have 20 s. the prisoner would give no such money, he tried the coat on, he proposed to give 16 s. for it, they agreed for that, then the prisoner laid down 8 s. having no more, and said to the old-cloaths-man he would leave me and the two shirts I had made him whilst he went and pawned the coat for the money; he went out and left me there, he came in again in 5 minutes and paid him the other 8 s. and they drank two tankards of beer and parted.
Q. Do you remember what day this was ?
E. Jackson. I am not exact to the day of the month, it was about the middle of November, on a Saturday night.
Q. Should you know the coat again was you to see it?
E. Jackson. It was a light drab, indeed it was.
Q. Look at this coat. It was held up and was a very dark colour.
E. Jackson. I can't swear it was that.
Q. Do you call this a light drab?
E. Jackson. (She hesitated some time,) at last said I do.
Q. Was any body by when it was bought besides you?
E. Jackson. There were.
Q. to Wakefield. Do you set down the day of the month when you take in things to pawn?
Wakefield. Yes, we do.
Q. Did you look in your book before you came out ?
Wakefield. I did; and it was Friday the 14th that I took that coat in.
Q. What time of the night was it?
Wakefield. I believe it might be 10 at night, or thereabouts.
Q. to E. Jackson. What time of the night was it this bargain was made ?
E. Jackson. It was after candle light, the hour I can't tell.
Q. Can't you tell whether it was an hour, more or less, after?
E. Jackson. It might be 2 or 3 hours after.
Q. How long was he gone to pawn it ?
E. Jackson. He was back again in less than a quarter of an hour.
Q. to Wakefield. Where does your master live?
Wakefield. He lives at the corner of Russel-court.


                  John 
                  Kelsey 
               



            . I am a soldier, I remember I was drinking a pint of beer at the Elephant and Castle in Drury-lane there were two old-cloaths men came in with some old-cloaths, one said to the other I have bought a bargain since I saw you; the other said what is it; he said, it is this coat upon my shoulder.
Q. Look upon this, is this it? (it is held up )
Kelsey. I never had it in my hand.
Q. Was any body by at the time ?
Kelsey. There was a woman along with them, but whether this is the woman, I know not. They whisper'd to one another: said the other, you have bought it dear enough. The prisoner said, will you sell that coat, my friend? Said he, I bought it to sell. Said he, what do you ask for it? He said 20 s. The prisoner said, I am like a quaker, I'll give you not more nor less than 16 s. Then with a great deal of words, one said, let him have it. He paid down 8 s. and said, I have got two new shirts; I'll leave you them 'till I go and pawn it, and bring you the money. They sat down in the box; and I staid some time, and saw the prisoner come in, and pay the other 8 s.
Q. Was you subpaena'd ?
Kelsey. I was subpaena'd last Saturday.
Q. When did you see 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jackson 
               



             last?
Kelsey. She came with the man to subpaena me.
Q. Had you never, at no time, any discourse with her about this affair?
Kelsey. No, never. I know nothing of her.
To his Character.


                  Stephen 
                  Scot 
               



            . I have known the prisoner near a year; he work'd at the building a house for me, betwixt 2 and 3 months. I took him to be a very honest young fellow as any in England.
Q. What did he earn a week?
Scot. I gave him 16 s. a week.
Q. How long is this ago?
Scot. It may be between 2 and 3 months ago.
Q. What is his general character ?
Scot. I never heard any thing bad of the young man in my life.


                  William 
                  Sparrow 
               



            . In August last, or the beginning of September, the prisoner work'd for me as a carpenter, in London-street, Greenwich; I paid him 15 s. a week, for 6 weeks or 2 months; he had an opportunity of robbing me, and I did not find that I lost any thing. I know no harm of him, nor ever heard any, 'till this prosecution.


                  Paul 
                  Comberfoot 
               



            . I have known the prisoner this dozen years, he bears a good character.
Q. What are you?
Comberfoot. I am a carpenter. He and I have work'd together for Mr. Scot; if I had thought him a rogue, I would not have kept company with him.
Q. to Wakefield. What did you lend on this coat?
Wakefield. I think he wanted 15 s. upon it, and I bid him 12.



                  Thomas 
                  Mears 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 4 or 5 years, he work'd along with me.
Q. What is his general character ?
Mears. He has a very good character. He lodg'd with me some time.


                  Bridget 
                  Mear 
               



            . I am wife to the last evidence; I know the prisoner at the bar.
Q. What is his general character?
Mears. I never heard any thing but a very good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the shop
            .
(See No. 53 in this Mayoralty.)




[Transportation. See summary.]


