





220. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 50 s. one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s. one pair of chrystal sleeve-buttons, one shirt, one pair of worsted stockings, one pair of silver shoe-buckles, one linen stock, and seventeen shillings in money, numbered, privately from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hudson 
                        




                      
                  , his property, in the dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Carne 
               



            , April 25
. +


                  James 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I am servant
 to Jer. Bentham, esq; on the 25th of April coming from Aldgate in Leadenhall-street, I happened to meet with the prisoner at the bar, she carried me to a house in Well-street by Well close-square.
Q. Was it a public or private house?
Hudson. A private house; the person that keeps it is named 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Carne 
               



            ; we went to bed there, and she got up in the morning, and when I awaked I found only my coat, waistcoat, breeches, and shoes. I don't know who took them.
Q. What time did you awake?
Hudson. About four in the morning.
Q. Was the prisoner in the room then?
Hudson. No, she was gone. I went home and was glad to sit down with the loss, but my things were advertised to be seen at Highgate, and my master obliged me to prosecute. I went to the Brown-bear at Highgate, and found my watch, buckles, and buttons.
Q. How long was this after you lost them?
Hudson. It might be three or four days.


                  Thomas 
                  Beal 
               



            . I am a constable; on the 26th of April in the morning, between eight and nine o'clock, a beggar-fellow came along with the prisoner to my house; he told me the prisoner had shewed him and another beggar-man a watch, and said, she had got a prize; he desired I would take charge of her, thinking she had stole it, I did, and she owned the fact directly, (the watch, buckles, and buttons produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor) he swore to the marks of the watch, before he saw it, before justice Cross. I took the prisoner to Clerkenwell-bridewell; after which justice Cross sent me to her to see for the shirt and stockings, and I found she had them on; I had them taken off (producing a shirt and a pair of black stockings, deposed to by the prosecutor).
Prisoner's defence.
I used to work with my needle; I had been over the water into the Borough to see a friend of mine, coming home I met my prosecutor, he asked me where I was going? I said I was going home; he said, let me go home with you, I said, I never took any body home with me, but he much desired it, so I let him. We went into my room, he took his buckles out of his shoes and gave them to me, and he pulled off his shirt for fear of vermin, and laid that and his cloaths upon a chest, and unfortunately I got up and went away with them, and I shewed the watch to two beggar-men going up Highgate-hill, they told me if I would give it to them they would let me go, and I was not willing, so they took me to the constable.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


