





593. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hicks 
                  , otherwise 
Wilkes




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one perriwig, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bedford 
                        



                      
                   ; one perriwig, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Tarris 
                  



                
            , July 10
. ++


                  John 
                  Martin 
               



            . I am a perriwig-maker, and live in Nightingale lane, Wapping


. The prisoner worked journey work
 with me last July; he absconded on a Thursday night; when I went to do up the wigs on Saturday morning I missed two, one the property of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Bedford 
               



            , which cost him three guineas, and not the worse for ware. Mr. Tarris was offered a guinea and half for his but a little before, and would not take it.
Q. When did you see the wigs last?
Martin. They were in the shop just before he went away.
Q. Did you owe the prisoner any thing?
Martin. No, he was at work for me but that day.
Q. Have you seen the wigs since?
Martin. No, I have not; I took the prisoner up yesterday was se'nnight in Barnaby-street Sussex; he was at work there. I took him before Sir Samuel Gore, where he owned he took them out of my shop, and sold them in Rosemary-lane for two shillings.
Q. What was the value of them, second hand.
Martin. One was well worth two guineas, the other a guinea.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Coburne 
               



            . I was present when the prisoner was taken up, and had before Sir Samuel Gore, where he was charged with taking two wigs out of 
               
                  John 
                  Martin 
               



            's shop; he owned he took them the 10th of July, and sold them to Mr. Lambert in Rosemary-lane for two shillings.
Prisoner's Defence.
They were two old wigs, that is the truth, nothing worth the money they talk of.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


