





401. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Riley 
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for that he on the 16th of July
, about the hour of 4 in the afternoon, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Davnell 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, no person being therein, one silver watch, value 50 s. 2 linnen shirts, value 6 s. the goods of the said William, in the dwelling-house did steal
            , &c. *
William Davnell. I am ostler
 a little way from where my house is; I was bade to go home on the 16th of July, about 4 in the afternoon, and told my house was broke open.
Q. Where do you live?
Davnell. In the parish of Stanmore


.
Q. Do you lie at the inn, or at your own house?
Davnell. I lie very often at the inn, but my wife lies at home.
Q. Is your wife here?
Davnell. She is not.
Q. What did you observe when you went home?
Davnell. When I came there I found the back window was all of it taken out, and the cross bar of the window was taken away. I went up stairs and missed my watch and 2 shirts; we have but one room above. Then I went in search of the person that robbed me.
Q. Had you any suspicion of the prisoner?
Davnell. A neighbour of mine told me he had seen no body in the yard but the prisoner, and he had lodged in my house some time; in my enquiring I met with 2 gentlemen, who told me a man was taken with some things upon him, at a publick-house called the Nine-Pin and Bowl near Edgworth. I went to the house; the landlord of the house had got the watch and 1 shirt, and the other shirt the prisoner had got on: I took the prisoner before the justice, there he confessed he took the things.
Q. Was it taken in writing ?
Dovnell. It was.


                  John 
                  Grant 
               



            . I was present when the justice examined the prisoner. and heard him confess the taking the watch and 2 shirts.
Q. Was that confession made voluntary, without any threats ?
Grant. It was.
Q. Or promises of forgiveness or favour ?
Grant. It was.
The Examination read in court, the purport of which was,
That he being charged by 
               
                  William 
                  Dovnell 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Grant 
               



             with feloniously stealing a watch and 2 shirts out of a dwelling-house in Little Stanmore; That he the said 
               
                  John 
                  Riley 
               



             did acknowledge that he broke into the house by breaking one of the windows, and got into the house and stole a watch and 2 shirts.
Grant. I had heard the prosecutor's house had been broke open, and I saw the prisoner after that at the Nine-Pin and Bowl with the watch and two shirts: I stopped him. (The shirts and watch produced in court, and depos'd to by the prosecutor)
Q. to Prosecutor. in what parish is your house?
Prosecutor. It is in the parish of Whitchurch, or Stanmore, it is all one.
Prisoner's defence.
I went to the Nine-Pin and Bowl house, and was drinking there all day long: they were talking about watches, I said I had got one at home; I went home and fetched this, and being drunk I shewed it them. When they had me before the justice I did not know where I was no more than a post.




               Acquitted of the Burglary, Guilty of Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


