





167. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Beadle 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value eight shillings, one pair of leather boots, value six pence, one velvet cap, value two shillings, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Bridgment 
                        



                      
                  ; one pair of breeches, one hat, and one rugg, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Shepherd 
                        



                      
                  ; one fustian frock and one handkerchief
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Turpentine 
                  



                
            , Feb. 5
. *
James Shepherd. I live at the Coach and Horses in David-Street, Grosvenor-square


: the prisoner was quartered upon me; he belongs to the third regiment of guards
: on the 5th of this instant, my wife told me she saw the prisoner come down stairs with a bundle in a rugg ; she ran up and saw the maid's bed was stripp'd; I went out to see for him about seven o'clock, I went in at a Pawn-broker's in our neighbourhood: there I was told the prisoner was but just gone from thence: I went about to enquire for about an hour, and when I returned he was at home: I went away and got a constable, and took him before Justice Trent; he would confess nothing; he was committed for further examination, the next day I went to him to the Gatehouse, there he confessed where he had sold the things, the coat, the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Bridgment 
               



            , for 7 s. to an old cloaths-man, and my velvet breeches and Bridgment's black cap to another in the street for 1 s. 6 d. and the rug for 3 s. 6 d. he sent me to the Ship in Prince's-Street, to enquire of the landlady for a chairman that had bought that there, I went there and found him, and got the rug and other things that were sold there, I got also the sheet, boots, fustian frock, and silk handkerchief. (All produced in court.)


                  Charles 
                  Perkins 
               



            . I am an old cloaths-man; I bought this sheet and boots of the prisoner at the ship; he said his wife and he had quarrell'd, and he would sell the things.


                  Timothy 
                  Twiner 
               



            . I am a chairman; between 6 and 7 that Evening I bought the rug and fustian frock for 4 s. 6 d. the handkerchief was in the pocket of the frock, I knew nothing of that till afterwards.
Prisoner. I did this when I was pretty much in liquor.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


