





50. (L.) 
               
                  Richard 
                  Bailey 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mug, val. 50 s. the property of

                           Thomas 
                           Hodgson 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling house
            , Nov. 16
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Hodgson 
               



            . I live in the Minories


 at the Peacock, a publick house. On the 16th of November I lost a silver pint mug, but knew nothing of the losing it till it was found. The rest of the witnesses will give you a farther account.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Davis 
               



            . On the 16th of November between 11 and 12 at night, I had set the silver pint mug in the bar, the prisoner came in and called for a quartern of anniseed. I had not enough above, so went down into the cellar to fill a bottle, then came up and served him, and he went away. Missing the mug in about three minutes after he was gone, I told my mistress of it; as he lived hard by she desired me to go to him. I went and sent for the watchman, who came with other assistance, and we found the prisoner up a chimney. After they had pull'd him down he was desired to produce the mug, he went to a closet and took it out, and gave it to Mr. Harding, who deliver'd it to Mr. Madding the constable.


                  John 
                  Madding 
               



            . The prosecutor and myself were at the taking the prisoner, I desired him to give me the mug, he went to a closet, and from amongst some straw he took it out and gave it to Mr. Harding a silversmith, (who happened to be going by when we were going in, so went in with us) he deliver'd it to me. The mug produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor. When the prisoner was at the watch-house, I asked him how he came by the mug, he said he took it out of Mr. Hodgson's bar.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


