





136. (M.) 
               


             was indicted for 


               stealing two hundred pounds weight of tobacco, value 5 l. the goods of 
                     
                        John and 
                           
                              Caple 
                              Hanbury 
                           







                  , in a certain lighter lying on the river Thames



, Dec. 11
. *
John Griffin. I have the care of Mess. John and Caple Hanbury's tobacco; I was present when fifty hogsheads of tobacco were put on board a lighter, three or four days before the 11th of December, at Gally-key; it lay down at Union stairs, just beyond the hermitage on the Middlesex side. I saw every thing safe, and covered it with a tarpaulin, on the 11th, about four in the afternoon. The next morning I heard there was some tobacco missing, and that the custom-house people had taken two men and some tobacco. I went and saw the tobacco, it weighed two hundred pounds and a half. (He produced two hands of tobacco.) One I took out of a hogshead that was opened and had some stole from, and the other is of that the officers had taken; I can swear to them to be of one hogshead. I have had to do with tobacco for thirty years, and I know these to be Mess. Hanbury's tobacco, as well as I know my two gloves to be fellows. There was one hogshead opened, and better than a third part of the tobacco gone. On the 13th I had been to see the man that impeached the prisoner in the Compter. After that I went to the prisoner, and told him what the other, named Hedges, had said; that is, that the prisoner and one Tolly were with him in the affair. He said that he was in the boat, and Hedges handed it to him out of the lighter, and said he would get Tolly if he could.


                  John 
                  Hedges 
               



            . I am a seafaring man, the prisoner and I have sometimes rigged and sometimes discharged ships together. On the 11th of December he and I went down to Deptford, to meet a ship to bring her up. I went home to Marigold-street on the other side the water, after we had done, and being wet, went to bed; as I was getting into bed, 
               
                  John 
                  Tolly 
               



             sent for me; I went to him; he told me he had bought some tobacco of a seafaring man on board a ship; and asked me if I would lend him a hand to bring it on shore. We went down to Cherry-garden-stairs, where lay the prisoner's boat; we got in her, and went to Union-stairs, there lay this lighter with tobacco; this was between eight and nine in the evening; we saw nobody stirring.
Q. Did you see the tobacco?
Hedges. It was covered with a tarpaulin; Tolly went into her, and took some tobacco out, and handed it to the prisoner, who stood upon the lighter's gunnel, and he handed it to me into the boat.
Q. Did you see Tolly take it out of the hogshead ?
Hedges. No, I did not.
Q. What sort of tobacco was it?
Hedges. It was dark, I cannot tell what sort it was; we were going on shore with it, and in the middle of the river two Custom-house officers came soul of us, and took me, and brought me to the Poultry-compter; Tolly jump'd over-board, and the prisoner got in a boat with a pair of oars, that came along-side of us.
Q. Who belonged to that oars boat?
Hedges. I can't tell who they were; I believe the prisoner had not been in that boat above a minute before I was taken.
Q. Was it light or dark?
Hedges. It was quite dark.
Cross-examination.
Q. Is the prisoner a waterman?
Hedges. No, he is not.
Q. Then why do you talk of the prisoner's boat?
Hedges. Because he hires that boat of Mrs. Potter at 1 s. 6 d. a week.
Q. Did the prisoner know what scheme you was going upon at setting out?
Hedges. I don't know whether he did or not; he and Tolly sent for me to the Red-lion.
Q. What did they tell you there?
Hedges. Tolly said he had bought some tobacco.
Q. Did you understand they were going to steal tobacco?
Hedges. No, I did not.
Q. What did you think when they went to the lighter and took it?
Hedges. I was surprised.
Q. Did you say any thing to them when you saw them take it?
Hedges. No, I did not.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether I sent for him, or he for me?
Hedges. They sent for me to my lodgings.


                  Joseph 
                  Dunkin 
               



            . I am an officer belonging to his majesty's customs; on the 11th of December, about half an hour after eight o'clock at night, 
               
                  William 
                  Loft 
               



             and I were in a boat, betwixt the Hermitage and Union-stairs we saw a vessel come from a ship's stern, where this lighter lay with the tobacco; we rowed and laid hold of the boat, and said, what have you got here? a man said, d - n your eyes, what is that to you; we said, we are officers; one of them said, if you are officers, d - n your eyes, you shall go over-board.
Q. Do you know who said that?
Dunkin. It was dark, I do not know; my partner said, if I do, you shall go too; he jumped into our boat, I had hold of theirs; they had a skirmish in the boat, and in the scuffle they both went over-board; my partner called out, Joe, I am over-board, lift me up; I let go their boat, and got him into ours.
Q. Who was he that fell over-board with your partner?
Dunkin. I don't know; after I had got my partner in, we rowed to their boat, and I laid hold of their boat with my left-hand; a man said, if I would not let go he would cut my hand. I said, then cut away: he took a knife and cut my fingers. I let go, then they rowed away round the same fare which we saw them come out from. I knowing an officer which was upon the river, named Norman, called out for help, and said, draw your cutlaces and come; this I said to affright them; we rowed and got up to them a second time, then they got up and stood two of them with scullers, and the other with the water-board of the boat; we defended ourselves as well as we could, the man with the water-board jumped into my boat and made a stroke at me, and broke his board, then he, like a spaniel dog, jumped over-board; I went to shove after him with my sculler. I saw his hat as he swam, but I could not go so fast as he; after that I jumped into their boat and took Hedges by the collar.
Q. Who else was in the boat at that time?

Dunkin. There was none but he.
Q. What became of the other man?
Dunkin. I do not know which way he got off. I asked Hedges where the other man was? he said he was got into an oars boat, the tobacco lay in the boat; then Hedges said it was his venture, and hoped we would not be too hard with him, but let him have some of it. We carried it to his majesty's Custom-house and weighed it, it weighed two hundred and a half and eleven pounds.
Q. from the prisoner. Did I offer to molest you in any shape?
Dunkin. They all three opposed us, but I could not then distinguish the prisoner from the rest.


                  William 
                  Loft 
               



            . I am a waterman belonging to his Majesty's customs; on the 11th of December I was with 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Dunkin 
               



             on the river Thames, we saw a boat come away from a ship between the Hermitage and Union-stairs, we rowed after her, and came up on one side her, there were three men in her, two rowing and one sitting, we told them we were officers belonging to his majesty's customs, and would see what they had; they said, d - n your eyes, we have nothing for you, and you have no business here. I said I would see what they had; one hit me a blow, I hit him again, he jumped into our boat and swore d - n his eyes, he would throw us over-board.
Q. Which man was that?
Loft. I can't tell; then I said he should go over-board himself, we struggled, and both went over together; I called to my partner for assistance, he hauled me in again, and the other people hauled the other man into their boat, they rowed away from us; we told them we would come and board them again, they said if we did they would kill us.
Q. Do you know who said that?
Loft. I can't say I could distinguish them so as to have known any of them again. I answered, life for life, I would come on board them; we had seen 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Norman 
               



             about five minutes before we had seen this boat, I called for his assistance, we could hear nothing of him, but Mr. Blundel and his waterman came up, and right against East-lane we endeavoured to board them again, two of them stood with the scullers, and the other with the water-board; one of them struck at me, I bobbed and jumped into their boat among them; one of them jumped over-board, I cut him down the head with my hanger, he swam to shore; a pair of oars came and took in another, I tripped Hedge's heels up and laid him down in the bottom of the boat; then Mr. Blundel. came and opened his lanthorn and looked at the tobacco lying loose in the boat, he said this is stolen tobacco; then we rowed up to his majesty's warehouse; after that we carried Hedges to the Poultry-compter, he said he would impeach his consorts if I would get him admitted an evidence, and gave in the names of Tolly and the prisoner in writing. I left him and went down to the Custom-house, there I saw his wife, whom I had known several years, and the prisoner was along with her.
Q. What time was this?
Loft. This was about ten at night, he came and asked me if there were any tobacco seized and carried to the warehouse? I said there was.


                  William 
                  Blundel 
               



            . I was going down to attend the tide; I had not been on the water above two or three minutes before I heard a cry for help. I ordered my waterman to row, I thought somebody had tumbled over-board; we came alongside the boat, which gave the officers fresh courage to attempt their adversary a second time; I saw the men strike with their oars and water-board. I drew my tuck and said, if they struck the men I would run them through.
Q. How many did you see in the boat?
Blundel. I cannot tell how many there were, but I saw one jump over-board. Hedges was taken in the boat.
Q. What do you say as to the prisoner?
Blundel. I can't say any thing as to him.
Q. Do you know that Mr. Hanbury had any tobacco then lying on the river.
Blundel. Yes, he had, it was lying about the distance from the place where Hedges was taken as it is from this court to Newgate.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner own any thing?
Blundel. When Hedges said before alderman Porter that the prisoner was in tho boat with him at the time, the prisoner owned he was there?


                  William 
                  Cox 
               



            . I am one of Mr. Blundel's watermen; I was with him at that time, it was not light enough to discover any of the three persons in the boat to as to know them again, Hedges was taken and carried to the Compter.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner confess any thing?
Cox. No, I did not.


                  Joseph 
                  Goodfellow 
               



            . I was also rowing Mr. Blundel at the time, but could not know the three persons, it being dark.

Q. Were you at Guild-hall when the prisoner was there?
Goodfellow. I was; I heard the prisoner desire to be admitted an evidence.
Dunkin again. Before the prisoner went before the alderman, he told me he was hired as a waterman by the other two; I asked him if he was a waterman? he said no, but he hired a boat of the widow Potter.
Griffin again. The prisoner told me he went and rowed down the river after Hedges was taken, to see if he could find the tobacco that same night.
Prisoner's defence.
On the 11th of December last, Hedges, Tolly, and I had been to Deptford looking after a ship; after we came up, we went to the Red-lion, there we had some beer; they both went away and left me; in about an hour after they came again, and desired the favour of me to give them a cast over to Union-stairs. I said, I am going home, it is all in my way, with all my heart, come along. We went and got into the boat; when we came to pass by this vessel, they desired me to put them on board her, and said they wanted to speak with an acquaintance of theirs. I clapt them on board, and had some water in my boat, and went to heave it out. Hedges got into the lighter under the covering, and Tolly was upon the gunnel; he hove a cask of tobacco into my boat; it fell upon my knees, I heaved it off my knees, and said, what the duce are you upon; I will not suffer this thing. Then Tolly swore he would knock my brains out if I offered to make any words. He took my hook-rope and made it fast, and brought the tobacco, and Hedges handed it to me.
To his character.


                  Edward 
                  Bourne 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about six years, he rented a house of me two years, and behaved like a very honest man during that time.


                  Thomas 
                  Crawley 
               



            . I have known him between two and three years, he has always behaved civilly, and was reckoned in the neighbourhood to be a very honest man.


                  Samuel 
                  Powel 
               



            . I have known him six or seven years, I never heard any ill of him.


                  James 
                  Clifton 
               



            . I have known him between three and four years; his wife has a child of mine to nurse, I have been there backwards and forwards; I always found him to be an honest man.


                  Anne 
                  Richardson 
               



            . I have known him between two and three years, I always took him to be an honest industrious man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


