





403. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Odew 
                  



               
            , was indicted for that 


               she on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Maun 
                        



                      
                  , spinster
, an infant, about five years of age
, did make an assault, putting her in corporal fear, and danger of her life, and taking from her one stripe linnen gown, val 6 d. one quilted petticoat, val. 1 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Maun 
                        



                      
                  , her father

, July 20
. *


                  Martha 
                  Maun 
               



            . I can only say the cloaths brought to me, the coat and gown, were taken from the child's back, holding them in her arms, are my property, they were deliver'd to me by the constable.


                  Hannah 
                  Moses 
               



            . The prisoner sat on the stairs that go up in my room, with this child before her. As I was coming down I asked her what she wanted, she said she staid for somebody, I went up again, and look'd back and saw her take off the cotton gown, then the petticoat, then she turn'd her back to her, to unlace her stays. I went down, and took hold on her, and said you are stripping the child, she said she was not, and that she knew her mother very well. I said snew me her mother, she lend me about for an hour, but brought me not to the mother; at last the child's brother seeing her, owned her, so we brought her to her mother again.

Q. to prosecutrix. Did you know the prisoner before?
Prosecutrix. No, I never saw her before to my knowledge.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


