





11. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Rachael 
                     Marshal 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver coral chain, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Godard 
               




             .* 
Christopher Godard. I am a watchmaker
 in Little-Britain


. I have a glass case at my door with silver things in it to sell. On Thursday last, about twelve o'clock, as I was at work, I observed the prisoner at my glass case in the street. Having lost things out of it several times, I ordered my boy to go out into the street and watch her, and I went on the other side the shop, and saw her fingers several times in the glass case; she lifted the case up at the corner several times. I saw a silver chain drawn out, and saw her grabble it with her fingers. I went to a constable over the way; he advised me to take her up, which I did, after she was got into Bartholomew-Close. We brought her to an alehouse, and my maid and the maid there searched her, but found nothing upon her. There were two other girls with her; but whether they belonged to her, or she delivered the things to them, I know not. I missed four silver chains which were in the case not an hour before, and some seals.


                  Daniel 
                  Gardner 
               



            . On Thursday last about twelve o'clock, my master sent me out into the street to watch the prisoner, who was at our glass case. I saw her lift up the glass case several times; but I can't say I saw her take any thing out, for her back was towards me.
Prisoner's defence.
I was searched twice over, and they found nothing upon me.
To her character.


                  Thomas 
                  Hughs 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about five years, and I never heard any thing ill of her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


