






125. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Townley 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one linen apron value 1 s. 6 d. one linen shirt, value 1 s. 6 d. one neckcloth, value 6 d. and one linen shift
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Wilford 
                  




                
            , Feb. 10
.8 
Charles Wilford. I live in Clare-street, Claremarket


, the prisoner wash'd for my wife; on Thursday the 5th of this instant my wife was taken ill, and we took the prisoner to be with her; on the 8th, the prisoner told me there were 4 pewter plates missing. On the Sunday night she went away, and came again on Tuesday morning. On Wednesday we had occasion to wash, we had got another woman to wash for us, when my wife ordered her to go for the soul clothes, the things mentioned in the indictment were missing; I went to where the prisoner lodged and found she was removed, but got Intelligence where she lodged in Wych street; there I saw the prisoner's sister with one of my wife's aprons on. I charged her with it, and said, if she would not produce her sister I should take her before the justice; she took me to Mr. Penrice's, and there we found a shirt and neckcloth, (produced in court, and deposed to.) then I found an apron and child's shift, at Mr. Brigg's in Great Russel-street, (produced in court and deposed to.) I took up the prisoner the 11th of this instant; she denied every thing at first, but she own'd these things, and said before justice Fielding, if I would forgive her she would work them out.


                  Susannah 
                  Briggs 
               



            . This shirt and neckcloth Mary Townley brought to me on the ninth of this month, and pawned them for 1 s. 6 d. and said they were her husband's.


                  Susannah 
                  Penrice 
               



            . The apron and little shift were brought to my house by the prisoner at the bar, and I lent her 2 s. upon them.
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


