





129. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anthony 
                     Harper 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two iron gun barrels, val. 28 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Griffin 
                  




                
            , Jan. 18
. ||


                  Joseph 
                  Griffin 
               



            . On the 19th of January in the afternoon, one Mr. Davis a gunsmith in Holborn, sent to me to let me know, a workman of our, had offer'd two gun barrels to sell, and desired I would come and look at them; I went and found they were my father's property; his name is 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Griffin 
               



            , who is a gun-maker
, and lives in Bond street


. ( Produced in court and deposed to) They had got the prisoner there in custody, he fell down on his knees and asked my pardon; and said it was the first fact; he was a journeyman with us at the time, and had been for two years.
Thomson Davis. I live in Holborn, and am a gunsmith ; on the 19th of January, the prisoner brought these two gun barrels to our shop to sell; I agreed for them, and was to pay for them in the afternoon; I sent for Mr. Griffin, and he came, we agreed to take the prisoner, when he came for his money I secur'd him.


                  Thomas 
                  Brian 
               



            . I am the maker of these gun barrels; and to the best of my knowledge, I made them for Mr. Griffin.
Q. How can you know they are of your make, and not who for?
Brian. I work for all of the trade.
Prisoner. There is never a gun barrel maker in London, but Mr. Brian.
Q. to Griffin . Where were these barrels taken from him?
Griffin . They were kept in a closet with several others, but none of the length of one of these, that is the short one.
Q. What are these two barrels worth?
Griffin. They are worth 28 s.

Prisoner's defence.
When Mr. Griffin came before the justice, he was asked if he missed these barrels out of his house, he said he did not; I had these two barrels of my Brother, that is gone to Spain ; who left me also a great quantity of gun-stocks; I offer'd Mr. Griffin the stocks, he said they would not do for him.
Q. to Griffin. Did he offer you any stocks, as he said?
Griffin. He did, but I told him they would not do for us.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


