





118. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Winifred 
                     Quin 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one holland shift, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Darkin 
                        



                      
                  , spinster
; one holland shirt, and one pair of Dresden ruffles
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Martin 
                  



                
            , Esq
; August 2
.* 
Mary Darkin. The prisoner chaired at my master's house for two years; I live there. We missed a great many things, but do not charge the prisoner with all. About three months ago we found the things mentioned in the indictment at the pawnbroker's, who can give a farther account.


                  Thomas 
                  Birch 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker (he produced a pair of Dresden ruffles.) These were brought to me by 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Chapman 
               



             on the 13th of last Dec. was twelve months. I lent 4 s. on a shift the 12th of last August, brought by 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Gordon 
               



            .
Q. Where do you live?
Birch. In Fox-Court, Gray's-Inn-Lane.
Q. to M. Darkin. Look at these things here produced.
M. Darkin. This shift is my property; the ruffles are the property of my master, I bought them.


                  Ignatius 
                  Jourdan 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker and live in Bedford-Street; here is a shirt I took in on the 2d of August of one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ross 
               



            .
Q. to M. Darking. Do you know that shirt?
M. Darkin. It is Mr. Martin's shirt; here is his name upon it.


                  Eleanor 
                  Chapman 
               



            . These ruffles I carried to pledge to Mr. Birch. I was sent by the prisoner with them; I then lived in the same house with her, in Gray's-Inn-Lane. She told me a woman had sent her with them to pledge, to make some money.



                  Elizabeth 
                  Gordon 
               



            . This shift the prisoner deliver'd to me about the 12th of August on a Monday morning, to pawn, which I did to Mr. Birch, for 4 s. she said it was to pay her rent; I then lodged with her, and she had then work'd about a week at Mr. Martin's house.
Prisoner. This is the first fact I ever was guilty of.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


