





395. (L.) 
               
                  Mary 
                  Williams 
               



widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing six yards of linen lace, value 12 d. ten yards of lace, value 20 d. and one quarter of a pound of sewing silk, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Flint 
                  




                
            , Sept. 26
. ++


                  William 
                  Flint 
               



            . I am a haberdasher
; I was not at home at the time this robbery was committed: I can only swear I believe the goods to be mine. ( The goods mention'd in the indictment produced in court.) Here is my mark at the end of each piece of lace.
Q. How came you by them now ?
Flint. Mr. Bennet. deliver'd them to me.


                  Edward 
                  Bennet 
               



            . I am a haberdasher, and live at the corner of Tooley street. Mr. Flint lives two doors higher than me, on London Bridge. The prisoner came into my shop to match this lace, a piece of which my people suspected she intended to take. I was at home at the time, though not by. They thought proper to search her. I desired a constable might be sent for, and order'd my maid to search her, which she did, and took out of her bosom these two pieces of lace here produced. She was resolute, and would not let them search any farther. I went to them, hearing a screaming, and took this silk from under her arm; I believe it was next to her flesh.


                  Rebecca 
                  Shollis 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bennet, who desired me to take the prisoner into the dining room and search her, to see if she had any lace about her. We desired her to take it out, if she had any. My mistress saw some lace in her bosom, and took it out. Then we desired to know if she had any more. She said, she had no more. I ran out and told my master what we had found, who came, and said we should strip her. She went to beat me, and being very obstinate two other maids came up. Then we found the sewing silk, a piece of black lace, and a piece of ribbon under her arm.
Q. Look at these things produced here.
R. Shollis. I believe these are the same; there was about this quantity of silk.
Q. Where has it been since?
R. Shollis. It has been in my master's custody ever since, whose name is 
               
                  James 
                  Bennet 
               



            .


                  James 
                  Bennet 
               



            . The things have been in my custody ever since, till to-day.
Q. What kin is 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bennet 
               



             to you?
J. Bennet. He is my son; we live together.


                  Isaac 
                  Peirce 
               



            . The prisoner came into Mr. Flint's shop (I am his servant) and desired my master to match some edging.
Q. When was this ?
Peirce. This was the day she was taken up, before she went to Mr. Bennet's. There was a box shew'd her, but she could not match it. She desired me to shew her another box. I had some time before this a suspicion of her, and would shew her no more. Then she desired to know how we sold our sewing silk, and desired to have a single dram, which was reach'd down to her. After she had been gone some time they sent from Mr. Bennet's, to know if we had lost any thing. I described the woman before I saw her. When we went to look on our silk the boy that reach'd the box to her said, before the silk was open'd, there should be three parcels, but when open'd, there were but two. (He looks at the silk produced.) This answers to the silk that was missing.


                  William 
                  Pratt 
               



            . I live with Mr. Flint. The prisoner came into our shop on the 26th of September, and ask'd for raven grey silk. I took it down and shew'd it her, of which she had a dram. I did not serve her any thing else. She paid me, and went about her business. About three hours after I missed a parcel.
Q. Did you see the parcel that was found upon the prisoner?
Pratt. I did, which answers to it; I believe this is the same here produced.
Q. Do you know anything of the lace?
Pratt. No, I do not.
Q. to Peirce. Did you miss any lace?
Peirce. No; I missed none, till such time it was brought in.
Q. Look at this lace here produced.
Peirce. I believe this lace is the property of Mr. Flint.
Q. Why do you believe so?
Peirce. We cast up the stock in the shop once a year, and the last year what was left we seal'd with wax at the end, and this has wax upon it.
Q. from prisoner. Whether the silk did not lie open on the counter for three hours after I went out of the shop?
Peirce. It was rolled up, and put by directly.
Q. Was any other person looking at silk?
Peirce. No, nobody but the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
As to the lace it was none of Mr. Flint's, it was my own, I have dealt in the holland trade ever since I was fifteen years of age. A man owed my husband 70 l. which he made a demand of, and got 20 l. and the remainder in remnants of silks, stuffs, and lace; he is dead since. I went into the Borough to buy a leg of beef, so went into this shop, and ask'd if they could match a piece of lace. The man said, no, he could not I never laid a finger on his goods. I had a dram of silk, and went away directly. Then I went into the other shop, and they could not match it; there was a piece of lace lay on the counter, by the edge of the box. As soon as I moved my basket they said they had a suspicion of me, and began to search me: all sorts of people came in, and they began to pull me; the shop was as full as possible. They had me up into the dining room, and bent my neck quite to my toes. I said if they would let me alone I would undress myself; there was one behind me cutting my lace, one pulling me one way, another another way. I lost a guinea out of my bosom; she talk was put into my bosom by some body that came into the shop.
For the Prisoner.


                  Sarah 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known the prisoner as long as I well can remember, that upwards of twenty-five years; I have known her to live in credit. I never knew her to be guilty of any fault in my life.
Q. What are you?
S. Smith. I keep a cook's shop in White-chapel.


                  Jane 
                  Pedreny 
               



             I have known her about ten years.
Q. What is her general character?
J. Pedreny I have a very good opinion of her. I never heard a bad character of her in my life.


                  Margaret P 
                  I 
               



             have known her seven years; I never heard a bad character of her.
James Lewis I have known her thirty years.
Q. What is her general character ?
J. Lewis. I never heard any thing amiss of her till now.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


