






370, 371. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ezekiel 
                     Barnes 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Keeling 
                  , otherwise 
Slam




            , were indicted for 


               stealing nine yards of woollen cloth, val. 20 s.
             the goods of the united company trading to the East Indies; it was laid over again to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Richardson 
                  




                
            , and over again to be the property of persons unknown, Jan. 1
. *
Richard Richardson. I am a clothworker and set cloth for the East India company, the two prisoners were my journeymen

. The dyer brought the cloth to me to set and dry. The dyer brought in 9 half pieces of popinger green, about 21 or 22 yards each. The prisoners took 9 yards from the nine head ends, and when it came to the India house the inspectors did not find it out.
Q. What is popinger green sold for per yard?
Richardson. It is worth about three shillings.
Q. Do others trade in popinger green besides the India company?
Richardson. The Turkey company did formerly, but latterly they do but very little.
Q. What reason have you to suspect the prisoners at the bar?
Richardson. When we have measured pieces, we have found them short before this, but the evidence Briggs, who was recommended to me for an honest man from Yorkshire, and I think he is an honest man, he'll give you an account of the affair.


                  Joseph 
                  Briggs 
               



            . I was bred a clothworker in the town of Wakefield in Yorkshire, and had not worked at my business in London before last November. When I came to Mr. Richardson, the two prisoners were employed as journeymen with me. We had some half pieces about six quarters wide, and 21 or 22 yards long; the two prisoners measured them over to see what length they would come to, and what was over 21 yards they tore off from the head end. There was a yard taken from each half piece.
Q. Who tore it off?

Briggs. Barnes did, but Keeling was assisting, then they were all thrown together. After that Barnes gave me three yards and Keeling three, and kept three himself. He said it was a thing done in all clothworkers shops throughout London, that all their aprons were made of the same, and cut off in that manner. After they were cut off, they then being wet, are put upon the tainters, and stretched out to the length, so as to seem to be as before.
Q. Must not this stretching be detrimental to the clothes?
Briggs. It is to be sure.
Q. Was it usual to do so, where you have worked before?
Briggs. I never worked in London above six weeks, but I never saw the like before.
Q. What did you do with your three yards?
Briggs. I kept mine about a month, and thought to have given it away; but meeting with a Yorkshire man, one Bothman, whom I knew, he asked me if I had got any cloth, I said I had got three short yards, which I thought to give away; he called me a fool, and said he would dye them of a Saxon green, then I might sell them. I let him have them to dye, which cost me sixteen pence; after which he got a taylor to go along with me to sell them in Shoemaker Row, which I did for 3 half crowns to a piece broker.
Barnes's Defence.
Mr. Richardson knows we have of these popinger greens which come in that are not thirty nine yards long in the whole cloths, and the half cloths must run in proportion to the whole. It is impossible to pull these from thirty nine to forty eight if we pull them bit by bit.
Keeling's Defence.
Let me ask that evidence whether he saw me cut any of that cloth?
Briggs to the Q. No, he did not, but he was aiding in it, in holding the cloth as it was wet.
Q. from Barnes. I desire my master would speak what he knows of my character.
Richardson. I can't say I discovered any villainy in Barnes, except this. He knows I have threatened him many a time, as I had often suspected him.


                  Samuel 
                  Collings 
               



            . I have known Keeling about 17 years, I never heard any dishonesty of him before this.


                  Margaret 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I have known Keeling three years, he was servant with me a year and nine months; he behaved very well with me, I never found any thing dishonest of him in my life.
For Barnes.


                  William 
                  Matthews 
               



            . I have known Barnes 18 or 20 years, I never heard any thing of him before, but that of an honest man. He is a near neighbour of mine.


                  Matthew 
                  Brown 
               



            . I have known Barnes these 12 or 14 years, I never heard but he had a very good character. He lives next door to me.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


