






322. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Lucy 
                     Skate 
                  



spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 15 yards of silk ribband, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jones 
                  




May 8
. ++ .


                  William 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am a haberdasher
and live at Holborn-Hill


. On the 8th of May the prisoner at the bar came into my shop; my servant charged her with stealing a piece of ribband: I came to him, he said, he saw her put a piece of ribband into her pocket; she drew a piece out of it; I said, perhaps she may have more: I took up her pocketand felt a piece through it. My servant will give you an account of the first piece.
Q. How many yards was that you found in her pocket ?
Jones. It was about 10 yards.
Q. Are you sure it is the same ribband?
Jones. I am sure it is mine, here is my mark upon it. (Produced in court.) She was carried before the sitting Alderman, and there confessed she stole it, and that the woman that came with her persuaded her to do it: there was another woman that stood at the door. I believe my servant can give the court a more satisfactory account.


                  George 
                  Westley 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jones. I saw the prisoner, as she was in the shop, put a piece of ribband in her pocket; I went and acquainted my master with it: this is the piece that is here produced.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to buy some ribband, and laid my handkerchief on the counter, and took it up in it unknown to me. I had bought one piece, that was in my pocket.
For the Prisoner.


                  James 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I have known her ever since she was a little child; she has been in my house by night and by day, I never saw any thing amiss of her.
- Kemmish. I have known the prisoner 15 or 16 years, I never knew any dishonesty by her till this affair.
- Mund. I have known her about two years, I never heard any bad character of her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


