





151. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Roster 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 17th of July
, about the hour of 10 in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bridges 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing out thence 4 saws, value 8 s. 15 pair of moulding planes, value 13 s. 2 sineers, value 12 d. 1 hammer, value 6 d. I setting stone, value 12d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Young 
                        



                      
                  ; 6 saws, value 30 s. 16 pair of moulding planes, value 30 s. 6 O G's, 6 chissels and 2 gouges
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Heyworth 
                  



                
            . +


                  William 
                  Young 
               



            . I am a joiner
. I was at work in New-Charles Street, near May Fair


, at the house of 
               
                  James 
                  Bridges 
               



            , Esq
;
Q. Does he live there?
Young. He is coming there to live. The family is not yet come in; some of them are.
Q. When did they come?
Young. I cannot give any account when they did come in. I was at work there on the 17th of Jan.
Q. Did they lie in the house ?
Young. I cannot say whether they lay in the house, they were backwards and forwards most days: that is, Mr. Bridges and his lady, and several of the servants. On Saturday night, the 17th of January, we lost the tools. My chest was broke open; and I missed 4 saws, 15 pair of hollows and rounds; some chissels, a hammer, and a setting-stone.
Q. From what place were they taken ?
Young. From Mr. Bridges's dining-room.
Q. When had you seen them last ?
Young. About 4 o'clock that afternoon.
Q. Do you know the prisoner ?
Young. He was there; we kept a sharp eye upon him.
Q. Was he a workman there ?
Young. No, he was not. I never saw him before that day in my life, as I know of. They came and told me on Sunday morning I was rob'd. I went up and found my chest broke open, and all my tools taken away; more than mentioned in the indictment.
Q. How did they get in?
Young. I found a pane of glass or two broke the butler's pantry, underneath the hall; to the sash of the hall window was opened by that means.
Q. How did they come into the dining-room ?
Young. There was no lock to the dining-room door.
Q. How was the outer door fastened ?
Young. That was fastened by a padlock.
Q. Where did you find the prisoner?
Young. He was secur'd, and in the Round-house; and two bags of tools taken upon him. He was taken before the justice, and there he told me he got in at the hall window.
Q. Can you say the house was intirely fast, when you left it.
Young. I can say the hall window was safe, and the sash fastened down; but the shutters were not shut: and there were iron rails before the house, and the area.
Q. Where did you see your tools again?
Young. I saw them again in the Round-house; and we have brought some of them here. ( he produced two saws.)
Q. Whose property are these?
Young. One is mine, the other 
               
                  William 
                  Heyworth 
               



            's.
Q. Where was your saw, when you saw it last?
Young. It was lock'd up in my chest over night.
Q. Do you know whether any of the family lay in the house on the 17th of January at night ?
Young. I don't know that they did
Q. Do you know whether any body lies in the house now?
Young. No, I do not.


                  William 
                  Heyworth 
               



            . I lost 6 saws, 16 pair of moulding planes called O G's, 6 chissels and some gouges, from out of my chest; which was lock'd up over night, in the back drawing-room above stairs, in this house.
Q. When did you see them last ?
Heyworth. I saw them there about half an hour after 6 o'clock, when I left work.
Q. Was the house well secur'd over night?
Heyworth. It was well secur'd as any house can be; all the doors were fast.
Q. Was the window fast?
Heyworth. It was, and all the windows were; and when we went away, we went out at the front door, and lock'd that. I was in bed on the Sunday morning, when one of the men came and told me, that my chest was broke open, and all my tools gone. The prisoner was in the Round house at that time. I went there and found all my tools in a bag. One of these saws, here produc'd, is one of the 6 that was taken away of mine; here are 3 O G's, and a quarter round that were found also with the prisoner; which are part of the tools I left in my chest over night. ( producing them ) My chest lid was broke in pieces, and laid quite open.
Q. Did you observe any part of the house broke open?
Heyworth. I did not.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner confess any thing?
Heyworth. I did. He confessed before the justice he got down the area window, and came out at the hall window; and that he had a partner along with him. That he got over the iron bars that belong to the palisades; that he broke a square of glass in the area window, and went in through that square in the sash.
Q. Was there room enough for him to go in?
Heyworth. It was a very large square.
Q. Did he say at what time he got in?
Heyworth. No, he did not.
Q. Do you know whether any of the family had lain in the house, or not ?
Heyworth. I don't know whether any of them had, or had not.


                  John 
                  Laming 
               



            . I took the prisoner on Saturday night.
Q. Where did you take him?
Laming. I saw him coming out at the hall window of Esquire Bridges, between ten and eleven o'clock; he had two bags of tools on his shoulders when I laid hold on him. We had a battle in the dirt for about a quarter of an hour, before any body came to my assistance; at last came two of my master's men; then we took him to the Round-house.
Q. How far was he got from the house when you took him?
Laming. He had not got ten yards from the window. I had got him to the Round house, I went and fetch'd the bags; we had left them where we took him.
Q. What are you?
Laming. I work for the same master as the carpenters do. I am watchman to the timber-yard.
Q. Look at these tools; are these part of what the prisoner had got upon him?
Laming. They are, except the saws. The prisoner own'd he had carry'd two bags full off, while I was at the pay table, and had pawn'd them (amongst which were the saws.) When I laid hold on his shoulder, I said what have you got here? he said I have got my tools. I said, I do not think there are any tools of your's there.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not break open the house. I only went in at the hall window.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


