





245. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     West 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one gunpowder flask mounted with silver, val 20 s. one spring saw, one glass mug, one drinking glass, one gardener's apron, one tinder-box, one trowel, and two iron keys
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hays 
                  




                
            , December 13
. + .


                  John 
                  Hays 
               



            . I live in James-Street, in St. Margaret's parish, Westminster


. I have a little garden at a small Distance from my house, with a little greenhouse in it, out of which were taken the things mentioned in the indictment, and several other things, but I only laid those in the indictment which were found in the prisoner's room. [Produced in court and deposed to.]
Q. When did you see them last there?
Hays. I saw them December the 12th, and missed them the 13th.


                  Thomas 
                  Humphrys 
               



            . I am constable, and found the goods here produced in the prisoner's room, some of them concealed in a closet or cupboard, and have had them in my custody ever since.


                  John 
                  Hains 
               



            . I was with the prosecutor when these things were all found in the prisoner's room. The prosecutor described them all before we found them.
Prisoner's defence.
One 
               
                  John 
                  Putlock 
               



            , a gentleman's coachman, came to me on the 4th of December, with two other men, and brought these goods to sell. I told them I had no money, but should soon receive my pension money at Chelsea College.
For the Prisoner.


                  Joseph 
                  Borroughs 
               



            . On Christmas eve last the prisoner came and asked me to walk with him to Chelsea to his usurer whose name is Cammel. I went with him, and we had two pints of beer. Coming back I asked him if he had received his money, and he pulled out five or six guineas. When we came to his house his wife was a little disguised in liquor, and they began to quarrel. Presently after that a gentleman's servant knocked at the door, (I had seen him before at the Red-Cross in Tothil-Street) and said, Dick, I have brought the things. He had a looking-glass in a cloth in his hand, and there were two men with him, one of whom had a bed, and the other had the other things in a case. I saw the prisoner give the gentleman's servant 5 l. 10 s. for them.
Q. What is the prisoner's business?
Borroughs. I never knew him trade in any thing before; but he told me that he was going to take a larger house, and he wanted these goods to furnish it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


