





60. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Craven 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 4 s. in money number'd
            , the money of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Whitley 
               




             , December 6
. +


                  Richard 
                  Whitley 
               



            . I keep a publick house
 in Chandois Street


. The prisoner came to my house, about five or six in the evening, on the 6th of December; he sent for me out of another room, and wanted to speak with me. When I came to him he desired to know if I had got a horse to left to a gentleman of his acquaintance. I said, I had not. Then he desired me to make him six pennyworth of brandy and water. While I was about to do it he went out into the street, came in again, and desired to know if I could give him silver for a guinea. I was then at the bar.
Q. Was any body in your house at the time?
Whitley. There were several people. I took out some silver from the till, and was telling it over on the bar. He said, lend me 4 s and 6 d. and immediately took up some money from the bar; I don't know whether he took more or less, but I suppose he took what he ask'd for, and went out of the house directly. I had not counted it over, if I had I should have known what he had taken.
Q. Did you agree to lend it to him?
Whitley. No, I did not; he had taken it, and was gone before I could get up the rest of my money, or speak a word to him about it.
Prisoner. He said to me, Mr. Brown the butcher is in the next room, will not you go in and see him? Please to ask him that.
Whitley to the question. That was before he ask'd me to change a guinea. I had seen him with Mr. Brown before several times, and at first I thought he was come to him.
Q. Did he produce a guinea?
Whitley. I saw no guinea he had.
Q. Was you acquainted with the prisoner before this?
Whitley. No, I was not.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Whitley. I can't tell what he is; he used to go very gay.
Q. from prisoner. Whether or no you have not frequently brought a silver tankard to the door, and trusted me to drink out of it at night time?
Whitley. If Mr. Brown was with him, to be sure I would have trusted him with any thing. I don't know that ever I trusted the prisoner alone with a tankard.
Q. When did you take the prisoner up?
Whitley. He was not taken up on my account, but on some other, and committed on the 9th of December.
Q. from prisoner. Has any body desired you to prosecute me ?
Whitley. No. I was told the prisoner was a very bad man, and I should do justice to the publick if I did do it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had a porter to send for some things of mine, and I wanted change for a guinea; so I desired him to lend me 4 s. and 6 d. for the porter to carry with him. I took it, and went away, having some business with a gentleman, and did not come back again. I did not in the least suspect but what he would credit me.
To his Character.


                  Francis 
                  Gwyn 
               



            . I have known the prisoner seven years; he is a customer to me.
Q. What trade are you of?
Gwyn. I am a peruke maker.
Q. Where did the prisoner live?
Gwyn. He lived most of the time in Southampton-Street.
Q. Was he a house-keeper?
Gwyn. He was; it was a tavern I think they call'd it; there were grapes hung out at the door.
Q. What has been his general character?
Gwyn. He dealt with me, and paid me very honestly for every thing that I did for him.
Q. What character have you heard of him?
Gwyn. I have heard that he was a person that played a little, but I never inquired into his character.


                  Daniel 
                  Rafferty 
               



            . I live on Saffron-Hill, and am a chair maker. I have known him sixteen years, and more: he once work'd in the same shop as I did.

Q. When was this ?
Rafferty. It is some years ago. He has come to my master where I work, bought goods, and paid honestly for them; and so he has of me.
Q. Did you use to see him frequently?
Rafferty. I used to see him may be once or twice in a year.
Q. What is his general character ?
Rafferty. I was quite at a distance from him; I heard he paid his way very well.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


