






123. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Godley 
                  



               
             was indicted for



               stealing one wooden box, val. 2 s. one cotton gown, val. 21 s. one silk quilted petticoat, val. 10 s. 6 d. four caps, val 2 s. two aprons, one linen shift, one pair of shift sleeves, one pair of linen ruffles; one guinea, and 2 s. 11 d. in money numbered, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Scot 
                        



                      
                  , spinster
, in the dwelling house
             of 
               
                  John 
                  Aynge 
               



            , Feb. 11

. ++ .
Mary Scot. I live at the Bull Inn in Leadenhall-street



. My box stood in the room where I lie, with the things in it mentioned in the indictment, all but the half crown which was in my pocket. I was waked by my fellow servant, who was in bed with me. I heard a noise in the room; there was a man, I asked what he wanted, and he went grumbling out, but about half an hour after I saw him, or another person, come creeping in upon his hands and knees. I screamed out Murder, and the people of the house rising, the prisoner was taken in the stable under the straw, and my box was found opened in the warehouse below stairs; my things were bundled up in a handkerchief near where he was taken. The guinea we never could find.


                  John 
                  Aynge 
               



            . I keep the inn. He confirmed the account of the taking the prisoner and finding the bundle lying by him with this addition, that the prisoner must have come into the yard, and secreted himself over night, and was locked in, so that he had no other way to get out, but by taking the opportunity after the servants were got up, and had unlocked the gate, &c.




               Guilty 39 s.
            

He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, a linen bag, and 6 s. in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Skinner 
                        



                      
                   privately from his person
            
Feb. 12

. ++ .
The prosecutor lives at Witham in Essex; he lay at the same inn on that night, and when the prisoner was taken and search'd, the bag and handkerchief, and 6 s. 6 d. in money were found upon him. The bag and handkerchief deposed to by the prosecutor. He deposed that his bag and money were lying under his pillow in his breeches when he went to bed over night.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


