





207. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Swanston 
                  



               
             spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing fifty guineas
            , the money of 
               
                  Morgan 
                  Tate 
               




             , Feb. 28
. ++
Morgan Tate. The prisoner was my servant
, I live in Catharine-street in the Strand


, on the 28th of February the prisoner went away about dinner-time, and did not return: two days after 'squire Booth, my landlord, came and desired I would look for a bill, which I had paid for some coals, and in looking for it I missed my money, which was fifty guineas: then I suspected the prisoner, and went to the woman that recommended her to us: I asked if she had seen her: she said no. She went to enquire after her, and brought word she had heard the prisoner was all new cloath'd, and had a great deal of money about her, and was at Lambeth. I went there to her aunt's, and could not see her; but coming away I saw the prisoner near her aunt's house with 40 or 50 after her. I took hold on her, she said, dear master don't send me to gaol, I know 'tis in your power. I asked what she had done with the money; she said, take me from this mob, and I'll tell you. I took her into an alehouse, where she gave me my purse with twenty guineas in it, and said, she had laid out the rest in cloaths, and own'd she took it. I took her before justice Clark, who committed her for farther examination. I went the next morning and brought her before justice Fielding, where she would not speak, so the justice said silence gives consent, so he committed her.
Q. How old do you take her to be?
Tate. They say she is about twenty years of age.


                  Thomas 
                  Beckford 
               



            . I heard the prisoner own the taking the money, at the Ship by Lambeth ferry.


                  Ann 
                  Adams 
               



            . The prisoner owned, in my hearing, at a publick-house at Lambeth, that she had taken this money away, and that she had returned her master what she had left.


                  John 
                  Clutterley 
               



            . I heard the prisoner say, the remainder of the money she had given to her master, and she hung her head down, and said, she hoped her master would not hang her, and cry'd.
The prisoner had nothing to say for himself.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


