





31. (M.) 
               
                  Cadman 
                  Gretton 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing thirty pounds weight of iron, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Pullen 
                  




                
            , Nov. 2
. +


                  John 
                  Pullen 
               



            . The prosecutor Samuel is my brother. I am a wheelwright and tiresmith, the prisoner was a journeyman
 of mine about three weeks; the iron was missing, it was old streaks almost as good as new; I advertised it at a guinea reward. 
               
                  Arabella 
                  Grove 
               



             came to me and said, she had bought such, and described the man she bought it of. The iron is now at my house; it is my brother's property; I had cut them to put on to my brother's wheels.


                  Arabella 
                  Grove 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar brought that iron to me to fell about six weeks ago on a Saturday; there were thirty pounds of it; I gave him half a crown for it; the prosecutor owned it, and I delivered it him.


                  Robert 
                  Dunn 
               



            . I work at Mr. Pullen's; I saw the prisoner carry a piece of iron from out of the yard; I can't say the day of the month; it was about a month ago.
Q. What sort of iron?
R. Dunn. It was such as is put on wheels of carriages.


                  Robert 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I am a carpenter, I work at Mr. Pullen's; I saw the prisoner carry a piece of iron out of the yard, concealed under his apron.
Q. What time was this?
R. Wilson. It was about a fortnight before the other witness saw him carry that which he speaks of. I then told the prisoner if he did not take care he would lose the iron; I followed him up the street to see where he carried it; he went into a court, and before I got to the corner, he was out of fight, and I lost him.
Q. Where was this?
R. Wilson. In a court in St. John's-street.
Q. Is that in the road from Mr. Pullin's to Mrs. Grove's ?
R. Wilson. It is.
Prisoner's defence.
I never was in that woman's house, or spoke to her in my life, till she came to New-prison, and said she bought the iron of me; she is mistaken. When she said, she bought it cheaper than could be afforded, I said then, why did you not stop the man that sold it to you. Before the justice the constable swore my master was sick, and after that, my master swore his man was sick, and so wanted to keep me another month.




               Guilty 10 d.
            

See him tried (in last Sessions-paper) by the name of Cagman Griffin.




[Transportation. See summary.]


