





371. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Longbottom 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one gold chain, value 3 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Israel 
                  Buckley 
               




             , June 4
. +
Israel Buckley. The prisoner came to my house on the 4th of June, to buy a ring; I bid her sit her finger. She looked at one and another; at last she said I fancy this will do. I took it and began to weigh it. Then she said she wanted one of two guineas value. I looked upon her and bid her go about her business, and told her she wanted no such ring. She went out of my shop, I missed a ring, followed and stopped her. She dropped the ring in the kennel. Then I brought her back to my house, and put her into a room where nobody was but she and my girl. The ring was found in the kennel and brought in after she was gone. We missed a gold chain which had been in the room where we put her to search her. I took her in Aldersgate Street, very much fuddled, that same afternoon and carried her to Wood-street Counter; there she was searched, and had gold and silver about her.
Q. Did you find the chain upon her?
Buckley. No, we did not. Then I went to enquire at a pawnbroker's, one Mr. Harrison, and found one row of a gold chain, who said, he took it in of the prisoner. About a week after, the prisoner's mother gave me an account that the prisoner had sold some more of it at other places.
Q. How many chains were there of it?
Buckley. There were four; this I found at the pawnbroker's was the uppermost chain, that is the shortest.
Q. What is the value of that?
Buckley. It is worth 10 s.


                  Mary 
                  Buckley 
               



            . I am niece to the prosecutor, the chain was mine.
Q. to the prosecutor. How came you to lay it in the indictment as your property?
Prosecutor. The young woman is my niece; I brought her up, and find her cloaths and every thing as though she was my own.


                  Mary 
                  Buckley 
               



            . There was nobody in the room where I had laid the gold chain but the prisoner and I, which is the reason we suspected her taking it.
Q. Was you in the room all the time she was?
M. Buckley. No, I was not, I was once just out at the room door.


                  James 
                  Stiles 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Harrison, a pawnbroker in St. Bride's parish. On the 4th of June the prisoner brought this piece of the gold chain and pledged it at our house, producing it.
Q. to prosecutor. Look upon that chain, do you know it?
Prosecutor. I believe it is part of what I lost, but as one gold chain may be like another I will not swear to it.
The niece said the same.
Q. to Stiles. How much did you lend the prisoner upon it?
Stiles. I lent her 6 shillings.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner?
Stiles. I am sure she is the person.
Prisoner's Defence
Going down to Fleet-market I saw that piece of a link of a chain lying in a piece of paper; there were two women with roses in their hands, they said halves; I said I believe you may take all, it is nothing but a piece of brass. They said you shall go to a silversmith's and have it tried. I said, no, I would not, I might bring myself into trouble. They then said try it upon a flint stone. I went to the pawnbroker's and asked him if it was gold or not, and he tried it and weighed it. I asked four shillings upon it, and he lent me 6.
Stiles. She never asked me whether it was gold, she asked me to lend her 6 shillings upon it, which I did.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


