





93. (L.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Richards 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of silk mittins, value 2 s. and six yards of thread lace
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Flint 
                  




                
            , Dec. 20
. ++


                  William 
                  Flint 
               



            . I was not at home the day the goods mention'd in the indictment were taken, so I can only prove the property.


                  Isaac 
                  Peirce 
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Flint.
Q. What is Mr. Flint's business?
Peirce. He is a haberdasher
, and lives upon London-Bridge, on Southwark side


. On the 20th of December last, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Richards 
               



            , the prisoner at the bar, came into my master's shop, and desired me to shew her some ribbon. I did, and after tumbling them about, she said there were none that would do. I ask'd her if there were any thing else wanting. She desired me to shew her some silk mittins. In the mean time she took three pair; she tumbled them about, and said they were all too dear. I ask'd if any thing else was wanting, she desired me to shew her some white lace, and I shew'd her some.
Q. What was it made of?
Peirce. It was made of thread. After looking over a great quantity of them, and tumbling them about, she took a piece of lace, I saw her take it.
Q. Did you see her take the silk mittins?
Peirce. I did.
Q. How came it you did not secure her then, but instead of that to shew her the thread lace?
Peirce. I always let them go out of the shop first.
Q. Did she buy any thing?
Peirce. No, she did not.
Q. In what manner did she take them?
Peirce. Her apron was pin'd up before her, and I saw her drop the mittins into her apron.
Q. In what manner did she dispose of the lace?
Peirce. I think by her motion it went under her capuchine. After this I ask'd her if any thing was wanting; she said there was none would do for her, they were too dear. Then she went out of the shop, I followed her, and she turn'd the corner of Tooley-street. I went to her, and said, I believed she had got something that did not belong to her, and brought her back into our warehouse, and found these silk mittins in her apron, among other things. The piece of lace she drop'd in the compting-house, before she came into the warehouse. (The goods produced in court.) Here is a mark on the mittins, by which I am certain they are my master's property, and on the lace is a mark of my own hand-writing.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into that shop to match a ribbon pattern that I had, they shew'd me two or three patterns, and none would do. Then I ask'd them to shew me a pair of stuff mittins for myself, and they were all too small. Then I ask'd him if he had any lace that would suit a pattern that I had with me, and there being none that would suit, I bought none. As to these things I know nothing of the matter.
To her Character.


                  Thomas 
                  Dove 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about fifteen months.
Q. What are you?
Dove. I am a victualler, and have the misfortune to have a child bound apprentice to her husband.
Q. What is her general character?
Dove. It is very good, or I had not bound my child to her husband.


                  John
                   Robert Hawkins
               



            . I have known her I believe about four or five years.
Q. What is her general character ?
Hawkins. The woman's character is a very reputable one. She is the last person I should have suspected; it was a matter of the highest admiration in the world to me when I heard of this affair. I always look'd upon her to be a woman rather as a pattern of industry.


                  Robert 
                  Carr 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about five years; she lodged next door to where I live.
Q. What is her general character?
Carr. A very honest, clean, industrious woman, as any in our neighbourhood.


                  William 
                  Osbourn 
               



            . I have known her upwards of five years.
Q. What is her general character?
Osbourn. She has an exceeding good character, as any woman in the parish. She lives in a very industrious manner. She has been at my house several times, and I have trusted her with the care of it when I have been out; if her inclination had been that way she might have defrauded me. I look'd upon her to be a very honest just woman.


                  Thomas 
                  Bates 
               



            . I have known her about five years.
Q. What is her general character?
Bates. An extraordinary good one. She is as industrious as any one living, by all appearance. I lived but two doors from her, and I never heard any body suspect any thing like this of her.



               Guilty
            .
There was another indictment for a crime of the same nature, but that not being laid capital, she was not tried upon it.




[Transportation. See summary.]


