





66. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Gift 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two check'd linen aprons
            , the property of 
               



            , Dec. 3
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Peck 
               



            . I am the master of the work-house of the parish of Christ-church. This woman was brought in as one of the poor of the parish, the 2d of December last; on the 4th the people of the house missed two check'd aprons; we suspected her being the person that had taken them; we took her up and charged her with taking them, she owned she had taken them and sold them in Long-lane for 1 s. 4 d. We took her before Alderman Alexander, he being the sitting alderman, there she owned the same, the gentlewoman is here in court to whom she pawned them.


                  Benjamin 
                  Hatwell 
               



            . I am church-warden of the parish of Christ-church; the prisoner was in our work-house, about the 4th of December the master of the work-house came and told me she had stole two aprons belonging to a woman in the work-house; we sent for the constable and took her to the compter. I heard her say in the compter, she did steal the two check aprons; I asked her where she had carried them, she said to Long-lane; to where there ? where cloaths hung out; accordingly I went to this place with the master of the work-house; we asked the woman of the house if a black woman had sold or pawned two linen aprons; at last she said she had bought two check aprons of a black, and one of them she had sold; we saw the other, it is here in court. Before the ald erman she acknowledged she had taken the two check aprons, and had sold them to a woman in Long-lane.
Q. Did you promise her to be favourable in case she would confess?
B. Hatwell. I told her I would do all in my power for her if she would.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Sweetman 
               



            . I live in Long-lane; the prisoner at the bar brought a couple of check aprons to me about a month, or better, ago to sell; I bought them of her, here is one of them.
Q. to Peck. Look at this apron, do you know it?
Peck. I know it to be an apron that belongs to our work-house; here is a mark upon the string, it is the letter B, this was stole on the 3d of December.
E. Sweetman. The other apron I sold for ten-pence, that had a darker check than this.
Q. to Peck. Had the other you lost a darker check than this?
Peck. Yes, it had.
Prisoner's defence.
I had been there but two days, there was a woman that I been acquainted with before I came there, she had a couple of aprons to sell, her name is 
               
                  Jane 
                  Walker 
               



            , she desired me to sell them for her; I went and sold them for sixteen-pence, and out of that she gave me 6 d.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


