






26. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Barbara 
                     Robinson 
                  



                
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing one stuff gown, value 12 d. one stuff petticoat, value 12 d. one muslin handkerchief, value 8 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Flinn 
                  



                
            , widow, Nov. 9

. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Flinn 
               



            . I live in Norfolk-Street



, the prisoner liv'd with me once, about 4 years and a half since, and they behaved very honest and sober. She confess'd she stole a stuff gown, a petticoat, and a muslin handkerchief from me. Produc'd in court and depos'd to.
Q. When did you miss these things?
Eliz. Flinn. She being out of place, came to my house at times with a servant of mine, and having robb'd another person, was taken before justice Fielding on the 9th of Nov. and there freely confess'd the taking them. I miss'd them on the 7th of Nov. the handkerchief was then at one Bibby's a pawnbroker, who deliver'd it to me.




               Guilty 10 d.
            

She was a second time indicted for 


               stealing one cambrick handkerchief, value 5 s. one stuff petticoat, one pair of stuff shoes, and one linen cap
            , the goods of 
               
                  Eliz 
                  Vaughan 
               



             , spinster, Nov. 9

. +
Eliz. Vaughan. I hired the prisoner the Monday before the lord-mayor's day, and discharg'd her on the Wednesday following; she was not capable of doing my work, and I gave her leave to come on Thursday at noon to help the maid dress dinner, when she took an opportunity to take away a cambrick handkerchief, a laced cap, a petticoat, a riding-hood, and a pair of black shoes out of my house, my property; she was taken and carried before justice Fielding, and had the cap on her head then, which I did not desire to be taken off. The shoes, petticoat and handkerchief produc'd in court, and depos'd to.


                  John 
                  Rasbridge 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, the prisoner at the bar pawn'd these shoes with me for 1 s. 6 d.
Eliz. Black. The prisoner had the petticoat in pawn at a pawnbroker's ; she took me there and I bought it of her 1 or 4 s.


                  William 
                  Clark 
               



            . I am constable; I went and search'd a woman's lodging that sweeps the streets, by the prisoner's direction, and found this handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was with miss Vaughan almost a fortnight, for which she paid me half a crown; and wanting a little money, I took these things, and made away with them to buy me a pair of shoes.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


