





10. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Boroughs 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten pounds weight of certain linen yarn, value 20 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Josias
                   Deponthien and Co.
               




Oct. 30
. ++
Josias Deponthien. I am a merchant
; we are five partners of us ( naming their names); we drive the Hamburgh and Russia trade; we keep our accounts in such a manner by columns, that we can with ease find out any thing that is missing. We had missed goods divers times; the prisoner was employed by us as a porter, for making up bales, and lading goods; we have three large warehouses in Friday-street. My servants used to tell me the prisoner used to often come after the warehouses were shut up, and sometimes say he had left his waistcoat, sometimes his cap, or hat, and so go in for them. I have told him oftentimes I did not know what he meant by such behaviour, and ordered my servants not to let him go in any more after the warehouses were shut up; yet I still employed him, till Mr. Noble told my son there was some Hamburgh yarn sold in Spital-fields. Upon inquiring, Mr. Goodwin's servant told me, they had sold some to a weaver, that is now in court; the servant came to my house, who said the prisoner was the man that brought the yarn there; upon which I gave a constable charge of the prisoner. The prisoner said, it was some damaged yarn that I had given him about two years ago. I had given him, I believe, fourteen or fifteen hundred weight of damaged yarn, which had been drove back by bad weather, and stunk like poison, and was rotten, which we tried skain by skain; some by shaking with a jerk, the ends would fly out, and discover them to be rotten; the others we pulled by twenty, thirty, or more threads at a time, and all that broke: we flung the skain down. There was never a whole skain in what I gave the prisoner.
Prisoner. He gave me twenty-five or twenty-six hundred weight.
Prosecutor. If I had given him the whole of that parcel, it would not have amounted to above a ton; but I did not give him the whole. The prisoner confessed the selling thirty-six bundles of yarn : I, knowing all to be rotten I gave him, said, I fansied he had some in his house. He said he was willing to have his lodging searched. He lived in Crown-alley, Moorfields; we went with him; when we got into Moorfields, he was for going to Mr. Goodwin's, in Hog-lane. I said, we are not going there, we are going to your house. He said, we should not go there without a search-warrant. I said, this looks very guilty, after you have invited us to go, you will not let us. Then he said we might go. When we came to his lodgings, he opened the door; there I took up a quantity of yarn. The moment I laid my hand upon it, he laid hold on it, and laid it on the bed, and sat upon it, and swore we should not search that parcel without a search-warrant. The constable then said, he had opened his door and admitted us in, and he insisted upon seeing that. At last he suffered as to see it. I said, this is very good yarn, Boroughs; this is some of an extraordinary nature; how came you by this? He said, I acknowledge that was your yarn; but I bought it of one of your servants, one Nathaniel Hargrove, my footman that had been, but went from me in September was twelve-month to my son-in-law, by my recommendation. I had given him some damaged Hamburgh yarn when with me; I can swear this was not part of that yarn ( the yarn found in the prisoner's house produced in court). This is not Hamburgh yarn, but comes from another part of Germany. We took the prisoner before my Lord Mayor, there he equivocated, and said it was not that man that sold it to him, but one Alfusious, a German, who had been my book-keeper, and is now in Germany, gave it him, as it was damaged. I don't know any merchant in all England that imports this sort of yarn but myself; my son was upon his travels, and he sent me this out of Germany, as a particular sort of yarn, and this is also all sound. As for the Hamburgh yarns, that we all import. There are five or six of us of the business.


                  John 
                  Rush 
               



            . The prisoner lodged at my house; I know he has brought in yarn from time to time.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Hargrave 
               



            . I did live with the prosecutor, who gave me some Hamburgh yarn; I believe it was all damaged; I sold the prisoner it.
Q. How long is it ago?
N. Hargrove. I can't justly tell; it is above a year and a quarter ago.
Q. Did you ever sell him any besides what your master gave you?
N. Hargrove. No, I did not.
Q. Look at this yarn, and tell us whether you ever sold it him.
N. Hargrove. I am not a judge of it; I don't think this to be damaged yarn; all that I sold him was damaged, and broke cross the ends; I sold it for damaged yarn.
Q. from prisoner. Was it examined skain by skain?
N. Hargrove. It was upon my oath, in the counting-house, and then tied up in parcels.


                  Henry Gabriel 
                  Hilier 
               



            . I live with Mr. Deponthien; I was with him and the constable at the prisoner's lodgings, and heard him acknowledge that the yarn that was found there was Mr. Deponthien's property, but confounded one thing with another: he said it was given him, and then he bought it of then footman, then he said he had it of Alfusious. The yarn that we found there was of different qualities, concealed near his bed; he sat down upon it, and said we should not examine his bed without a search-warrant.


                  Richard 
                  Spreak 
               



            . I live with Mr. Farmer, a Dyer; the prisoner sent a parcel of yarn to our house to be washed out of the salt water, after that he came to me with some other yarn, and desired I would look at it, and said he had more at home; it was intermixed, I saw good, bad and indifferent; he said he bought it of Mr. Deponthien's footman. I sent one of our men to fetch the other from his lodgings, and I seperated them, and made them up; I believe there was a hundred weight all bad; here is some here of it that is not damaged at all; there was as much good amongst it as was sold for above 12 l.
Q. to prosecutor. What time did you search his lodgings?
Prosecutor. On the 30th of October: and it is above two years ago since I gave him any.
Q. to Spreak. Look at this which Mr. Deponthien calls a particular sort of yarn.
Spreak. (he looks at it) I have seldom seen any of this sort come to England, it is a new thing to me.


                  Abel 
                  Icomb 
               



            . One Thomas Stacey, that worked for Mr. Farmer, bought some bundles of yarn of the prisoner at the bar, as he informed me, and desired me to sell them for him, about three months ago; and I sold them to one Mr. Walker, but that was not damaged.


                  Thomas 
                  Stacy 
               



            . I employed 
               
                  Abel 
                  Icomb 
               



             to sell some yarn for me, which I bought of the prisoner at the bar about three months ago for thirty-four shillings.
Q. What did it weigh?
Stacy. I cannot tell that : I sold four bundles of it for twenty-four shillings, and two more bundles unsold of it lie now at my master's house, Farmer and Goodwin's.
Q. What might it be worth per bundle ?
Stacy. I believe about six shillings per bundle.
Prisoner's defence.
I bought this yarn that is here produced, of my master's footman, it had been throwed about the warehouse for two years before, and my master had, about half a year before that, given me a whole fatt of damaged yarn: it was often troublesome, and the servants used to throw it up on heaps. I had Mr. Farmer's man to look at it; he said there might be a great deal of good picked out of it; be brought a bag, and took it away: I went with him to the dye-house; he sorted it out, so much good, and so much bad: the bad I took home, there were six bundles of good, which I sold to Mr. Stacy.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Holland 
               



            . I remember Mr. Deponthien's giving the prisoner some damaged yarn: I was at work there at the time.
Q. Was there any good yarn amongst it ?
Holland. I cannot say there were.


                  Samuel 
                  Wallis 
               



            . When we had been romaging the warehouses out, there was some yarn behind the fatts: the prisoner asked my young master for it, and he gave it him.
Q. How long was this ago?
Wallis. It was about a year and a half, or two years ago.
Q. What might be the value of that yarn.
Wallis. I do not know the value of any of the yarn, there might be about seven or eight pounds of it, it was coarsish yarn.


                  Matthew 
                  Juno 
               



            . I have known the prisoner better than two years. I was at the opening the first parcel of yarn, there was a great deal of good among it that was saleable and sound.
Q. Was you present when it was given him?
Juno. No, I was not.
Q. How long is it ago?
Juno. It is better than two years ago.
Q. Are you sure it was in the same condition when you saw it open as it was when it came out of Mr. Deponthien's warehouse?
Juno. Upon my oath it was; three parts of it had never been opened when I saw it.
Q. What are you?
Juno. I am a Pastry-cook, but had worked at Mr. Farmer's.
Q. to Deponthien. Did you pay duty for these Goods?
Deponthien. When the goods were landed, I ordered them to open them at the Custom-house, and throw the damaged goods away, but they would not do that, but allow me seven-eights of the duty; there were some bundles that were damaged which I did not give the prisoner, but when I came to examine them there was not one single skain of them but what was damaged.


                  George 
                  Avery 
               



            . I was carman at Bread-street-corner; the prisoner called me to carry these goods to Mr. Compton's; he said it was some yarn that his master had given him.

Mr. Liblon. I have known the prisoner about twelve or thirteen years; his general character was that of an honest, sober, industrious man, I always thought him to be such.


                  John 
                  Marshal 
               



            . I have known him about five or six-and-twenty years; he served his time with me and my brother, many thousands of pounds have gone through his hands of ours; my brother had no mistrust of him; no more had I.
George Martin. I have known him about twenty years; I never heard any other of him than that of an honest, industrious man.


                  Caleb 
                  Lee 
               



            . I have known him about fifteen years; I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life.


                  Jonathan 
                  Lee 
               



            . I have known him twenty-one or twenty-two years; he served his time in the neighbourhood where I did. I never heard an ill word of him.
Mr. Owen. I have known him about five years; he used to open and shut up my shop. I have trusted him with goods to the value of 300 l. at a time, he always behaved extremely honest.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


