





245. (L.) 
               
                  Henry 
                  Green 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing thirty ells of linen and cotton cloth, value 30 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Berverdsell 
                        




                      
                  , privately in his warehouse
            , July 5
.


                  James 
                  Tharlfa 
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Berverdsell, who keeps a Manchester warehouse at the corner of Lawrence-Lane


, and I lie in one of the warehouses. A little after four in the morning, on the 5th of this instant, I awaked, and heard a noise at the door; I went down into the cellar, which also is a warehouse, and there I observed this piece of cheque was removed from off a counter and laid under the grating; there was a pane of glass broke in the window. (Producing the cheque.)
Q. Whose property is it?
Tharlfa. It is the property of Mr. Berverdsell, my master.
Q. Did you observe where it lay the day before?
Tharlfa. I saw it on the counter when I shut up shop.
Q. What reason have you to suspect the prisoner?
Tharlfa. I stood in the cellar and saw the prisoner and another man pass the grate several times. There came a butcher's man and pitch'd his basket, then they walk'd off; after he was gone they appeared at the grate again. Then they put down this stick, with a hook tied to it (producing it ) and hook'd the piece up to the grating.
Q. Which of them hook'd it up?
Tharlfa. The prisoner was the man that hook'd it up, and the other man cut the string, with which it was tied-round, and it fell down again under the area of the grate; we have two doors, one opens into Cateaton-Street, and the other into Lawrence-Lane. I went up and opened that in Lawrence-Lane. They had just past the door, going towards King-Street. Then I shut the door and watched their coming, knowing if they put their hook down the grating I should hear them. I soon heard them at it. I went out at the door, and the other person was on the watch, who call'd to the prisoner. I went and laid hold on the prisoner when he was within two yards of the grate, and took his hook from him; he beg'd I would let him go. I brought him in at the door and rang the bell, and the other two men came down; we got a constable and took him to the compter. He was examined before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Barnard 
               



            , but would not discover the other man.


                  Peter 
                  Kettle 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. Last Tuesday was a week, about a quarter before five, the porter call'd. I got up, and from the window I saw him drawing the prisoner to the door. I came down; he told me he had seen him attempting to take away a piece of cheque from the warehouse. I call'd up the other man, and sent him for a constable. I went to the grating and saw this piece of cheque lying underneath on the ground, and the window was broke belonging to the warehouse or cellar. I ask'd the prisoner how he could go to do such a thing; he said it was the first time, and he did it for want, and pray'd heartily that we would let him go.
Q. Was that window whole over night?
Kettle. I can't take upon me to say that, for I was not there then.
Q. to Tharlfa. Did you see the window over night?
Tharlfa. I did, and it was not broke then; it was one large pane that was broke out the next morning.
Humphry Deacon. I am an apprentice to the prosecutor. Mr. Kettle call'd me up about half an hour before five. I came down stairs, the porter had got hold of the prisoner in the passage, and I was told he had been attempting to steal a piece of cheque out of the cellar. I went and saw it lying out of the paper, under the grating. I had laid that very piece on the counter in the cellar before, and saw it there over night, I went for a constable, and the prisoner was committed.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a poor unfortunate lad and have lost one arm, and am obliged to go under the sewers to get any thing for a living.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


