





124. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Brunkey 
                  , otherwise 
Bunker




            , was indicted for 


               stealing four guineas and seven pounds sixteen shillings in money, numbered, the money of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Hedge 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of the said Richard. Feb. 16
. +


                  Richard 
                  Hedge 
               



            . I live at Hackney


, the Prisoner had lodged at my house about five nights, he went away on Feb. 16. in the morning. About two hours after he was gone I missed four guineas in gold, and seven pounds sixteen shillings in silver, from out of a drawer, in the room where he had lodged. I had seen it the night before. I went to London and inquired after him, and when I got home again, two women had taken him. I was sent for, and saw him before a justice near Grub-street.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Stacey 
               



            . I lodge in the Prosecutor's house, I met the Prisoner accidentally on the 16th of Feb. between twelve and one in Shoreditch. I had him stopped and searched, knowing the Prosecutor had lost some money; and on the ground, near where I stopped him, lay this purse, [producing one with same money in it.]
Q. to prosecutor. Do you know that purse?
Prosecutor. This is the purse my money was in in the drawer.


                  William 
                  Woodham 
               



            . I am constable, the Prisoner was taken in Shoreditch, and this purse and money delivered to me by the last evidence and another woman, which I have had in my custody ever since; the Prisoner was very much in liquor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I remember nothing of the matter how I came by the purse; I was much in liquor.
For his Character.


                  John 
                  Ashill 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner from a baby, I took him to be as honest a lad as any lived, before this.


                  Peter 
                  Fackware 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner about a year, I never heard any thing amiss by him.


                  George 
                  Deal 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner from about a fortnight before Christmas; he worked for me till about three weeks ago; I liked him so well, I was going to take him apprentice.


                  Leonard 
                  Bertout 
               



            . I have known the Prisoner ever since he was born, I never heard any ill of him till this.


                  Sarah 
                  Glover 
               



            . I have known him about fourteen years, and never knew him to wrong man, woman, or child.



                  George 
                  White 
               



            . I have known him fourteen or fifteen years, and never heard any thing amiss of him.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


