





445. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Prichard 
                     



                  , otherwise 
Elizabeth Williams




            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing one mohair counterpane, val. 30 s. 12 hand towels, one napkin, one linen bag
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Theobald 
                     Taaft 
                  




                
            , Esq
; July 18
. +
Barbary Tomlinson. I live in Paradise Row, Brook-street, at the house of Mr. Sharp. I was Mr. Taaft's servant, and discharged when my lady went abroad; he lived at that time in Hanover-square


: there was a crimson mohair counterpane missing of Mr. Taaft's, we suspected the prisoner, she was taxed with it about 6 weeks ago, and she confessed she did take it out of the house and bring it back again, and after that took it away again.
Q. When did you see the counterpane last ?
B. Tomlinson. I remember seeing it about a month before the servants were discharged. She said she would fetch it again in a quarter of an hour's time: she gave Mr. Finlesson and I directions where to find it, which was at Mrs. Strutton's, at Walthamstow. We went there, but there was no such name in the parish. After that she said it was at Ealing, that her husband had got it there. And after that she said she had cut it up.
Q. Did you ever find it?
B. Tomlinson No, we never did. The constable opened her box, and found the towels and 3 napkins in it, and a tea cloth.


                  James 
                  Finlesson 
               



            . On the 20th of July Mr. Taaft employed me to dispose of the lease of the house, and sell the goods, and gave me possession the same day, and desired me to let the men and women continue in the house four or five days, till they were provided. They were paid their wages, and each had a month over. I agreed presently after that with Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Danvers 
               



             for the lease and goods for 500 guineas: after which he and a gentleman with him. I and a person in possession looked over the goods and found a crimson mohair counterpane missing; I desired the person in possession to make diligent inquiry about it. After which the prisoner was taken up and brought to Mr. Taaft's house. I happened to be there. I asked her what she had done with the counterpane, she denied taking it for a little time, and at last fell down on her knees and owned she had it, and that it was at Walthamstow, and gave us directions in writing where to find it, but when we came there, there was no such person to be found as she directed. I understood there were two boxes of hers at a chandler's shop, I got a search warrant and went with the constable there and took the boxes away, and carried them to Mr. Taaft's, and opened them, and desired Mrs. Tomlinson, my lady's maid, to be present, because she knew the things; there were these other linen things found, which had Esq; Taaft's name upon them.


                  William 
                  Selley 
               



            . I was put in possession of this house, and had been there three or four days before the prisoner would give up an account of the things to me according to the inventory.
Q. Did she acknowledge to you she had the counterpane?

Selley. Yes, she did; and kneeled down on her knees, and begg'd I would be her friend, and said the devil persuaded her to take it out of the house a fortnight before I came into possession.
Q. Did you hear her say any thing about the linen?
Selley. She said she had nothing against her but her master's napkins and rubbers. And in the Gatehouse she said there was nothing in her box that would appear against her.


                  Susannah 
                  Selley 
               



            . I went in with my husband when he was put in possession. I heard the prisoner say she had taken the counterpane out of the house, and that she had nothing that would appear against her, but the linen in her box.
Ann Bowman. The prisoner carried a bundle to a house where I lodge, and left it there. I was desirous to look into it, which I did, and there I saw a crimson mohair counterpane.
Q. What time did she bring it?
A. Bowman. I believe it was about a fortnight before the talk of the missing of it.
Q. Who did she leave it with?
A. Bowman. With a neighbour in the next room to me, for me to take care of for her. When I came home and had seen the counterpane, I went to her and asked her how she could leave it there, and told her I could not sleep in quiet in my bed unless she took it away. My brother-in-law was then with me, and I desired him to take and carry it to her master Taaft's house; which afterwards he told me he did. She was servant with Mr. Taaft then.
Q. Did she own she brought it?
A. Bowman. She did, and said it would never be missed.
Q. Do you know any thing about the linen?
A. Bowman. I do not.
Prisoner's Defence.
As to the counterpane I know nothing of it. My master's man desired me to put up the linen, and said my master would be back again in Nov. and he would expect it of me, so I put it by.
To her character.


                  John 
                  Hughes 
               



            . I have known the prisoner above a dozen years. She has behaved very honest and bore a good character.


                  Edmund 
                  Coe 
               



            . I have known the prisoner almost 4 years, she always behaved honest and industrious.


                  Mary 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I have known her 4 years, she lived fellow servant with me almost two years, at Mr. Allen's, a Turkey merchant at Edmonton, she was a very honest faithful good servant as ever came into a house.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


