





214. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Darby 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty pounds weight of lead, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
his Majesty




            , June 18
. +


                  Samuel 
                  Hawksworth 
               



            . I am intrusted with the care of a building at Chelsey-Hospital


; I suspected several times that some lead was taken away. I set 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sadler 
               



             and John Morris to watch on a Monday about three weeks ago.
Q. Where was the lead?
Hawksworth. It lay on the top of the building; it was loose lead, a great deal of it.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Hawksworth. I believe he is apprentice to the Slater
 that did business for the Hospital; the two men brought him a little after ten o'clock that night with the lead, to me at my apartment.
Q. Where is that ?
Hawksworth. It is in a place call'd the Stable-yard.
Q. Whose lead is it ?
Hawksworth. It is the property of his Majesty.


                  Thomas 
                  Sadler 
               



            . I was set to watch by Mr. Hawksworth, along with Morris; we concealed ourselves on the top of the building; about ten o'clock the prisoner came and made a rattling among the slate, the lead being behind it; he took up some lead and was going off with it, and we push'd after him, and took him with it under his arm as he was just going down stairs.
Q. Was any body with him?
Sadler. No.
Q. How much lead was there of it?
Sadler. There were about twenty pounds weight.


                  John 
                  Morris 
               



            . I was set to watch with the last evidence.
Q. Is the account that he has given of it truth ?
Morris. It is.
Prisoner's defence.
We had been drinking; and a journeymen that work'd under my master persuaded me to go up and fetch it down; they never took hold of him, and he ran away; he was at the bottom of the stairs when we came down.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


