






38. 39. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Gilson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Robertson 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               robbing Susannah wife of 
                        
                           
                              Richard 
                              Travers 
                           





, on the highway of a muslin handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of the said Richard
            . Nov. 29. ++.


                     Susannah 
                     Travers 
                  



                
            . Last Friday night 3 men came up to me betwixt seven and eight o'clock at night, in Church-lane, White-chapel


. The first asked the way to Lemon-street, I resolved him. The second past me. The third came up to me and said some words, I can't particularly tell, something like (his hands were very cold) I was much affrighted. He tore my muslin handkerchief from my neck, and tore me along by the back of my neck. I called out to my neighbours, he ran away. This person was Gilson. The other 2 were by. One of them stopped and said don't meddle with the woman, you are a d - d rogue for doing so. His name is 
               
                  James 
                  Summers 
               



            . They kept walking on and I follow'd them. When I saw the people come out they ran. A woman said she saw them run with great clubs in their hands.
Q. Did you see any Instruments in their hands?
S. Travers. I did not see any they had. On Sunday 2 men came to me and asked if I had been robbed on the Friday? I said I was of a handkerchief. And that I s hould know them and the handkerchief. That it had an oilet hole mark. He shew'd me the handkerchief. [Produced in court and deposed to.] The three men were brought before the justice on Monday. I knew them all by sight by a woman's lanthorn. Gilson told the justice he was drunk, and took my handkerchief, and that he would give me a guinea to make it up.


                  James 
                  Summers 
               



            . Last sunday night 
               
                  Arthur 
                  Gilson 
               



             and I were drinking together, he said where do you lie to night? I told him at a house in Buckle-street, Goodman's-fields; he swore he did not know where he should lie, but if there is money to be had, he'd have some; we had a pint of beer and a dram of gin, he call'd me out and said, if you'll take a walk with me, I'll get money. We met Roberson by Tower ditch side. I have known him 7 years ; he told me he had not been at sea this four months; that he could not get his R off. We had a pint of beer. Said he, you are a true hearted fellow, we'll make ourselves. How Tom? said I, said he, there is a barge with 15 chests of money in her, and wanted me to go and we might conquer all the few people on board, and get it. We met Gilson in Goodman's-fields, between 3 and 4 o'clock. We had some discourse, Robertson wanted to go into the Minories, saying that was the best place to rob in, there being most to be got, the other said not, and that he used to mill their cloaks withoutside Aldgate at the ship, I said I think White Chapel by the Dead-Wall is better. We went there; this was about 6 o'Clock, Robertson asked what Arms we had, Gilson swore a bloody Oath, here is a thing, and pull'd out a Pistol from his Pocket, wrapp'd in a Handkerchief, he gave it to Robertson, who-said he must put more Prime in it. The first we met was a Soldier; Gilson struck him with a Stick, and took his Hat: I said, throw the Man his hat again; then we swore the first person we met we would have his money, then we went into Church-lane, there we stood a good while. We saw the prosecutrix and another person. Gilson said, damn your blood there is a prize, said I, don't be so hasty, he ran directly and said. damn his soul if he'd come away. She began to cry. I heard him swear a bitter oath he'd have it, the woman with the lanthorn run, he swore at me for not knocking her down, saying, why don't you out with her glim?
Q. Where did you see the prosecutrix before ?
Summers. I lodg'd in her house about two months ago.
Q. How long did you lodge there?
Summers. About three weeks.
Q. How long have you followed this practice?
Summers. Never till last thursday night. I call'd to Gilson fearing he should use her ill, and said, there is no good there. We went from Buckle-street to White-chapel, then to the Minories, then to the Black Horse in Rag-fair. There came in a ynsman of mine a shoemaker, he bit his lips and call'd me out, saying, what company are you in? did not I tell you what Robertson was, that he keeps company with pick-pockets. Said I, I am afraid they will bring me to the gallows. I told him a woman we robb'd knows me. He said never mind it, sit down and eat your bread and cheese, I'll put it fast asleep. He went out and brought in 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Stanley 
               



            , Morris and the others. I surrender'd myself as soon as they came into the room.
Q. What business is the prosecutrix ?
Summers. Her husband keeps a Smiths shop.


                  Thomas 
                  Hammond 
               



            . I was at the apprehending the prisoner along with Stanley and Morris on Friday night. Mr. Buckley told us of the robbery, he brought us on purpose to apprehend them, at the Black-horse in Rosemary-lane; this handkerchief and a pistol were taken out of Robertson's pocket, I took this bludgeon from Gilson, holding a short thick stick in his hand, they all three confessed they had robbed a woman, and each wanted to be admitted evidence, Gilson in particular; said he could hang half a dozen people.


                  James 
                  Buckley 
               



            . Summers came to me that Friday night about six o'clock. he said he was very poor, and wanted me to pay for a pint of beer, I drank once and paid 3 d. I went about my business. About an hour after he came again, he shewed me the handkerchief, and wanted to leave it with me for a shilling or 1 s. 6 d. then Gilson pulled it out. I said I'll have nothing to do withyou. I then paid 3 d. more and went away. They were all 3 together at the Coach and Horses, just where I live, in a street joining to Wellclose-square. After this Summers came to the door and said he was inthralled he had robbed a woman, and said he wished he had not done it, and wished somebody would take him up. I went and found Stanley, Morris, Hammond and Mackdaniel at the India Arms; I told them an acquaintance of mine had been in a robbery, I left them at such a place. When we came there they were gone, we went and searched farther on and took them at the Black-horse; Gilson owned to the taking the handkerchief.
Gilson's Defence.
That evidence is one of the wickedest men in England, he went out to pawn the handkerchief for a shilling.

Robertson's Defence.
I did not touch the woman in no shape in the world.
Both 


               guilty of felony only
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


