





227. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Haley 
                  , otherwise 
Poor




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one piece of silk, called ducape, val. 7 l. 11 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Boyde 
                        



                      
                  ; one piece of irish stuff called grey tobine, and thirteen yards of scarlet irish stuff, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Stamford 
                        



                      
                   in the shop of the said Richard
            , March 20
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Stamford 
               



            . I am a mercer
, and live behind St. Clement's church


: on March 20, about two o'clock, I went out, and was sent for home by my apprentice, who told me, he had lost twenty-seven yards of ducape, he also said, he had stopp'd the thief at the Cambridge perriwig warehouse, near the One Bell in the Strand: I went there, and saw her and the goods, the ducape and thirteen yards of scarlet irish stuff, and four yards and a half of grey tobine; I sent for a constable and charged him with the prisoner : the goods mentioned were all in the shop when I went out. The piece of ducape I had borrow'd of a neighbour, as is usual in our trade, when we have not the thing asked for, &c.


                  John 
                  Bellamy 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Stamford. The prisoner came to our shop between two and three in the afternoon, March 20, for some irish stuff, I went and pulled down from a shelf about eight remnants; she said, there were none of them that would suit her, so she said, she would call again on the Monday, and went out of the shop in a hurry: I missed some of the goods; I looked out; she was running up the street. I call'd the maid to take care of the shop, and ran after her and overtook her; but not being willing to accuse her till I was quite sure. I told her I had found a remnant of irish stust that would suit her, and in the mean time I put my hand under her long scarlet cloak which she had on, and felt two pieces, she dropped one of them in the dirt; then I called for assistance and got her into the Cambridge perriwig warehouse, and sent for Master. One of the pieces I had taken down to shew her, another was standing in the window, and the other, which was borrowed, was lying on the counter ready to be carried back again, when she came in.


                  Peter 
                  Perry 
               



            , the constable, confirmed the above.
The prisoner had nothing to say, nor called any Witnesses.



               Guilty
            .
See No. 592. in Blackford's Mayoralty.




[Transportation. See summary.]


