





313. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Pierce 
                  




               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing seven guineas and three shillings, the money of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Haxby 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said James
            , March 13
. ||


                  James 
                  Haxby 
               



            . I live at the Great Mogul's Head in Drury lane


: the prisoner lived with me servant
 about three weeks.
Q. How old is she?
Haxby. She told me she was 17 or 18 years old; she was used to carry out beer and fetch in pots, she absconded about eight in the evening the 13th of March. I had been up in my room for change, to change half a guinea for a gentleman about a quarter before eight: I locked the drawer, also the closet door in which the drawer stood, and the chamber door. I believe the two inward keys were left in the locks. I brought the room-door key down, and hung it up in the bar, after I missed the girl I could not find the key. I went up stairs and found the key in the chamber-door and the door open, and the other two locks undone, and my money gone, seven guineas, and some silver.
Q. When did you see your money last?
Haxby. I am sure it was there in a linnen bag, when I was there for change.
Q. Had any body else been there after you?
Haxby. I don't know that any body had, except the prisoner.
Q. When did you see the prisoner afterwards?
Haxby. I saw her on the 27th of April, one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Waites 
               



             and my wife brought her home: Then she owned she took the key of the room out of the bar, and opened the doors, and took my money, which she said was seven guineas, and three shillings in silver. I asked her where she went that night, she said to a neighbour's house, and lay there all night, and that the money was taken away out of the sleeve of her gown; and that the woman gave her two shillings, and bid her go to the other end of the town, that she might not be found, so accordingly she went to Shoreditch. She told the same before the justice.
Q. Do you know that woman where she said she lay?
Haxby. I do very well.


                  Thomas 
                  Pullen 
               



            . Just as the prisoner was brought to the prosecutor's house I went in: I said, are not you a pretty creature for your master to take in out of the streets, and you to serve him as you have done? She said, she went and lay betwixt a man and his wife, and put the money into the sleeve of her gown, and lost it all; that they gave her two shillings, and bid her go to the other end of the town.
Q. What money?
Pullen. She said the seven guineas and three shillings, which she took from out of her master's drawer.
Q. Was you before the justice?
Pullen. I was not.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Waites 
               



            . I lodge at the prosecutor's house; I met this girl in Long-lane the 27th of April, and taxed her with the robbery; she confess'd that she took seven guineas and three shillings out of the drawers of her master. I asked her why she did so? she said she was persuaded so to do by somebody. This I heard her confess several times, and said she took it out of a bag.
Q. to prosecutor. Did she say what sort of a bag she took it out of?
Prosecutor. No, she did not, only she took it out of the bag.
Prisoner's defence.
I have nothing to say.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


