








269, 270, 271, 272. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Warner 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Barker 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Read 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davis 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 4 pewter plates, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elisabeth 
                     Baker 
                  




                
            , widow
, June 12
.*
Elisabeth Baker. I keep the Cock, a publick-house
 in White-chapel road


; on Thursday the 12th of last month, my servant called me up betwixt 6 and 7, and told me 4 plates were taken away by a man. The 4 prisoners were taken, and the plates found upon one of them. (Produced in court, and deposed to.)


                  Elisabeth 
                  Wright 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutrix; the four prisoners came into our house between 6 and 7 in the morning, three weeks ago next Thursday. They call'd for a pot of beer, and paid for it before they drank it. Read ask'd leave to go backwards. I shew'd him the way, and went out to fill a pail of water. I saw him come out of the wash-house; he left the door a-jar; they drank the beer, and went out; I went into the wash-house, and miss'd the plates; I told Degoe Arnis, who stood at White-chapel prison-gate, one of those men had stolen four plates from our house. They were all together.
Q. Did they walk gently, or did they run?
Wright. They were going slowly along; I shew'd him Read; he stop'd him; there was another person with Arnis, and, by his assistance, they were all four taken. Then I went and call'd my mistress up, and did not see the plates found.
Degoe Arnis. I am a turnkey belonging to White-chapel gaol; I was smoaking my pipe at the bench at the door that morning the four prisoners were coming along; they stop'd, and had a halfpenyworth of milk of a woman in the street. When the milkwoman and they parted, they said we'll all go together to the Cock, there we'll make our chance. After they were gone in, I went there to see what they would be at; and called for a dram. There were three of 'em sitting on a bench in the house, with a full pot of beer; presently Read came out of the parlour.
Q. Do you know the wash-house ?
Arnis. I do; they go through the parlour to go into it. I was called to let some people into the prison; so went away. Presently after the girl call'd to me, and said, she had been robb'd of four plates by these persons. I stop'd them all four; I took them between the two gates of the prison, and search'd them; I felt the plates in Read's breeches behind; and he put his hand behind him and took them out, and laid them down on the table.
Warner's defence.
Davis and I were going for some cattle to Mild-end; we met Barker and Read; they ask'd us if we would be three halfpence towards a pot of beer; so we agreed, and went into this house and call'd for a pot. As soon as we came out of the house, the maid call'd, Stop thief. We all stopt directly. I did not know that Read had got any thing. We surrendered to Degoe; he took us into the court; after we had been there a little while I saw the plates lying on the table; I don't know who laid them there.
Barker's defence.
I belong to the Borough-court, and have some years. I was coming to White-chapel, to a man that was in trouble; I happened to meet these other persons; we went into a publick-house, and had a pot of beer. This evidence came in while we were there; Read went backwards; after that we all went out; they call'd, Stop thief; and Degoe stop'd us, and push'd us into the lodge; in about a minute after we were there, I saw the plates lying; but know nothing who laid them there.
Read. I can say no more.
All four 

               Guilty
            .






[Warner Barker Davis:Transportation. See summary.]







[Reed:Branding. See summary.]


