





118. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Paul 
                     Allard 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 17 s. in money number'd
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Nichols 
                  




                
            , Jan. 31
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Nichols 
               



            . I live in St. John's parish


, Westminster, and am a victualler
. The prisoner is a drummer
, and was quarter'd upon me. I had missed my money several times out of my till. On the 31st of January last I left 13 s. and 6 d. in silver in it, in the morning.
Q. Did you use to keep the till lock'd?
Nichols. I did always.
Q. Where was your till?
Nichols. It was in the bar, betwixt the publick room and the back room. I went backwards to serve a man with a bushel of coals (the prisoner was sitting by the fire in the tap-room ) and when I came back again, I asked him if any body had been there. He said, nobody at all. I had bolted the bar door as I went out. Then I went and look'd in my till, and found but nine shillings and six-pence.
Q. Did you find the till lock'd when you returned ?
Nichols. I did.
Q. How long before had you seen the money ?
Nichols. About a quarter of an hour before. He said he was going upon guard. He went away, and returned, seemingly in liquor. The next morning he got up as soon as I opened the house. I had a suspicion of him the day before. There was a woman came in for half a peck of coals. I left him by the fire side again, bolted the bar door, and took the key and put it in the back room upon the table, as I had done the day before. As soon as the woman came backwards, I bid her go to the shed. I returned directly to the back door, and heard the prisoner in the bar. He was feeling with one hand, to see if the till was open, and with the other feeling for the key. I said, so Paul, are you the person that has rob'd me all this time ? He said, no master; I never rob'd you in all my life time. I said, what business have you to come here to the till? Then he would not speak, so I sent for a constable. He said, '' Master, '' if you will let me go upon my guard, I'll pay '' you so much a week out of my pay.''
Q. Waat sum did he mention?
Nichols. He did not mention any sum?
Q. Did he say for what ?
Nichols. No. We took him to justice Carkess's, and he was not up. Then we went to the Two-Brewers, in Strutton's-Ground. There the justice's clerk desired him to go along with me into the back room, if he did not care to speak before the people. There he said, he believed he did not rob me of above 17 s. I said, I believe I have missed more than that. He said, he rob'd me four times. I asked him how much he took at a time. He said, to the best of his knowledge, the first time he took 4 s. the next time 2 s. 6 d. the next 6 s. 6 d. and the last time 4 s. that was the day before.


                  William 
                  Waine 
               



            . I am a constable. When we were at the house waiting for the justice, I heard him tell Mr. Nichols how much he had rob'd him of, which was about 17 s. at four different times. Mr. Nichols desired me to come and hear it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never took a farthing out of the till in my life.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


