





278. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Middleton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value forty-two shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Targoose 
                        




                      
                  . in the dwelling-house of the said Robert
            , March 14
. *
Robert Targoose. I live at the Whittington-and-Cat in White-Chapel


, a publick-house, I left my watch on the table in the room where I lie, the day of the month I forgot, but it was in March it was taken away. Hearing the prisoner had sold one, and knowing the prisoner had none of his own, (he lodged at my house) I mistrusted it must be he that took mine, so I went to the house in Wapping where he had sold the watch, and the woman inform'd me she had bought a watch of the prisoner, but that she had sold it again.
Q. Is she here?
Targoose. Not that I know of: upon my taxing the prisoner, he own'd he took the watch out of my room, and had sold it to the woman.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Targoose. He is a carpenter and joyner
.
Q. Had he lodged any time at your house?
Targoose. He had about two months.
Q. Did any body else hear this confession?
Targoose. Yes, my lord, there was 
               
                  William 
                  Billington 
               



             by at the same time, and heard him own it.


                  William 
                  Billington 
               



            . I heard the prisoner say, as he was going up to bed at the Whettington-and-Cat the chamber door standing open, he saw the watch lying on the table, that he went in and took it away and had sold it.
Q to prosecutor. How did he behave during the time he lodged at your house?
Prosecutor. He behaved very well so far as I saw, till this affair happened.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


