





278. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Windall 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one 36 shilling piece
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Blackemore 
                  




                
            , June 15
 +.


                  William 
                  Blakemore 
               



            . I live in Shadwell


; I have known the prisoner ever since she was an infant. On the seventeenth of last month, 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Holmes 
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Adams 
               



            , came to my house; and Holmes told me, he had something particular to say to me; but could not tell me then, but would come the next day, which he did; and told me, the prisoner had robbed me; the prisoner and her mother had been used to be trusted about our house for years. I got a warrant and took her up, and carried her before justice Berry, she confessed she stole a 36 s. piece from me on the fifteenth of June; and had spent some at one place and some at another.
M. Blackemore. I am wife to the prosecutor; the prisoner came the fifteenth of June to my house; I had put a 36 s. piece the day before into a drawer, and there was nobody went into the room but she, and I had lock'd the door; but when I went to see for the 36 s. piece it was gone. I had not told my husband of it, for I do not always tell him where my money is. When we were told this by Mr. Holmes, we got a warrant, and took up the prisoner, and she owned to me in her mother's house, she had taken it out of the drawer.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Holmes 
               



            . The prisoner lives in the same house which I do; she and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Spencer 
               



            , had some words; I heard Spencer say to her, it was only going to Mrs. Blackemore's, and then you can have a guinea, or a 36 shilling piece to change at pleasure. I went and told Mr. Blackemore this, and she was taken up. I heard her confess she opened the lock with a crooked nail, and a pair of scissars, and took a 36 shilling piece out, and had spent it.


                  Mary 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from a child; I had used to go and sit with my work with her; her mother goes out a nurse-keeping. She used to get me to go of errants for her, I think it is three weeks ago last Sunday, she sent me to the grocer's for some tea and sugar, and gave me a 36 s. piece to change; I went and brought her the things and change. In the winter her mother was lame; she told me her daughter had found some money, and had lodged it in some particular person's hands, and used to fetch it as she wanted it.
Q. Did you hear her say in whose hands it was?
Spencer. No, I did not; but she said, if it was not for her daughter, she must have starved in the winter.


                  William 
                  Adams 
               



            . I have known the prisoner five or six Years; I was the headborough, that served the warrant upon the prisoner; I heard her confess before justice Bury, that she took the 36 s. piece out of the drawer, which she opened with a nail, and sent it to a grocer to change and it was all spent.
Q. Did she say in what it was spent?
Adams. No, she did not.
Prisoner's defence.
I do not know what I said, I was so affrighted.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


