





24. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Susanna 
                     Cartwright 
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing one mahogany tea chest value 2 s. five silver tea spoons value 5 s. one silk bonnet value 2 d. two brass candlesticks value 2 s. one linen apron
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Musgrove 
                  




                
            , Oct. 9
. +


                  John 
                  Musgrove 
               



            . I live in Frying Pan Alley, Spital-fields


, and lost the goods mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name) out of my kitchen the 9th of Oct. between eleven and twelve at noon.
Q. When did you see them last?
Musgrove. I saw them in the morning at breakfast time. I went out to work as usual, and had word brought me that the goods mentioned were stolen; I went home, and the same night received intelligence that the tea chest was at the house of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Frances 
               



             a pawnbroker. My wife can give a particular account.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Musgrove 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. The goods mentioned were that morning safe in the kitchen, the tea chest stood on the dresser, the two candlesticks on the mantlepiece, the bonnet and apron being behind the door. I went out of an errand about eleven o'clock, and came back about a quarter before twelve ; I found the door open, and missed the tea chest first, and after that the rest. A friend of mine went with me to justice Gore for a search warrant; he went into a publick house, who saw Mr. Frances the pawnbroker, who told him he had got such a tea chest, so it came to be found out; I went to his house the next day, and found the chess to be mine. (Produced in court and deposed to). When I took her she had my apron on.


                  Henry 
                  Frances 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner at the bar brought this tea chest to my house some time I believe in October, but can't remember the day; she said she was destitute and had a tea chest to pledge, and that she had a great many things to bring at times; she had two shillings upon it. I went to a publick house in the evening, and a man came in and said he had been in order to get a warrant to search for things stolen; he mentioned the tea chest, and I told him I had taken in such one. Then the prosecutrix came and owned it. The prisoner came again in November, and wanted to sell the chest; so I sent for the prosecutor and his wife, and had her secured.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had those things of one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            , who lives in Angel Alley on the other side Moorfields, who told me she had a great many other things.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


