






324, 325. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Stubbs 
                  



                
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  Frances 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Stubbs 
                     







            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one gold necklace and locket, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Adkins 
                        



                      
                  , widow
, in the dwelling house of the said Elizabeth
            , and the other for 


               receiving it, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , Sept. 2

.8 
Eliz. Adkins. I keep a publick house
 in Chappel-Street



. On the 2d of September, about noon, I laid a gold bead necklace and locket on my table, which cost me 4 l 5 s. and 6 d. almost 40 years ago. The prisoners both came in at the same time, and brought some liver and bacon to dress for their dinners.
Q. Did you know them before?
E. Adkins. I did; they live about a quarter of a mile from me. After they were gone I missed my necklace and locket, and making inquiry I understood the mother had been shewing a necklace, and had sold it. I found them the next morning, when the mother had got new cloaths on. I took them up, and the girl own'd she took the necklace, and deliver'd it under the table to her mother; the mother also confess'd she sold it for 26 s. to 
               
                  Paul 
                  Callerd 
               



            , and bought a gown and petticoat with the money. I went to him, and he said he bought such a one, but had sold it directly, to whom he did not know.


                  Paul 
                  Callerd 
               



            . I don't know the prisoners; there came two women and a man into my shop, and asked me if I would buy a gold necklace. I weigh'd it; it weigh'd 12 pennyweights. I paid 26 s. for it, and sold it for a guinea and a half to a woman that came in about two hours after. I have advertised it with a guinea and a half reward more than I sold it for, but can't hear of it.


                  Frances 
                  Stubbs 
               



            's defence.
The girl told me she pick'd it up in the street.


                  Ann 
                  Stubbs 
               






               guilty 31 s. 6 d.
            

Frances 

               guilty
             of receiving it, &c.





[Transportation. See summary.]


