





72. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Knotmill 
                  , otherwise 
Shelton




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Thomas 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Abraham
            , Jan. 4
. ++


                  Abraham 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I sell gingerbread and salop
 in St. Paul's Church-Yard. The prisoner being in a starving condition, and wanting a little girl to assist my wife, we took her in from out of the street. She told us she had neither father nor mother, or any friend in the world. On the 4th of this instant January, I was out about my business. My wife came to me between four and five in the afternoon, and told me she had lost the watch. I went home, and we made inquiry after the prisoner; but could not find her. The next morning I went to the Blackmore's-Head in Hedge-Lane, having heard her talk of that place; it happen'd to be the next door to where her father lives, and there I was told she had been a very bad girl. I could not find her till last Saturday night, when I found her in Tothill-fields Bridewell, and was told by the keeper she was committed there as a disorderly person. I challeng'd her with stealing the watch. She said she was very innocent of it, and did not value whatever I could do to her. I took her before justice Welch.
Q. Did she confess any thing there?
Thomas. No, nothing at all.
Q. When did you take her into your house?
Thomas. I took her in on New-Year's day, in the afternoon. She staid but from that Saturday in the afternoon, till the Tuesday following.


                  Mary 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. A person came to our house for a bottle, which was above stairs. I sent the prisoner up for it. She came down and left the bottle on my husband's stand, that he sells his salop on, in the passage, and went away. The watch had been hanging up in the same room where she fetch'd the bottle from, and it was gone.
Q. When had you seen it last before that time?
M. Thomas. I had seen it about half an hour before. I never saw the girl after that, till I saw her before the justice.
Q. Did you see her go out?
M. Thomas. No, I went to the stair foot (after I thought she staid a great while) and call'd her. She made no answer. Then I ran up, and missed the watch.
Q. Did you hear her examined before the justice?
M. Thomas. I did; but she acknowledged nothing. All she said was, that I abused her; which was the reason of her going away.


                  Hannah 
                  Mathews 
               



            . I went to the prosecutor's house, and asked for a quart bottle. Mrs. Thomas sent the prisoner up-stairs for it, but we did not see her come down again. Her mistress went up-stairs, and missed the watch directly.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was scowering a pair of stairs, and happen'd to fling the brush down the necessary house. My mistress came and call'd me a great many names. This woman came for her quart bottle, and I was sent up for it. I brought it down, and went to a chandler's shop, where I had some beer. The woman there gave my mistress a very bad character. I said she had quarrel'd with me and abused me, and curs'd and swore at me. I never saw the watch.
Q. to M. Thomas. Did you quarrel with her as she has mention'd ?
M. Thomas. I found her very lazy and slothful, so told her if she did not mind her business she would not do for me. I had set her to clean the kitchen stairs, but instead of that she went down to the necessary house. I never gave her an ill word.
Q. Did the watch hang up so as any body going into the room might see it ?
M. Thomas. It did.
Q. Could any body else get into that room ?
M. Thomas. No. The outward door was lock'd with a spring lock, and nobody could go up but the prisoner.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


