





38. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Beesley 
                  



               
            , was indicted to that 


               he, on Nov. the 17th
, about the hour eleven at night on the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Holland 
                        



                      
                  , did break and enter, linnen shirt value 1 s. the goods of the said one linnen cap, one linnen shirt, the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Winnels 
                     



                   , in the dwelling house of the said Henry, did steal
            . ||


                  Henry 
                  Holland 
               



            . on Friday the 17th of Nov. a house was shut up sate when I went to bed; I got up in the morning I found the g, of the window taken down and the things mentioned a shirt of mine and a shift of my servant's taken away.
Q. Why did you suspect the prisoner?
Holland. He was at a place called Church-End on Friday night, where I have a daughter in law lives; he was asking questions about me and whether I liv'd where I did; that he ask'd the way to London, which they directed him; notwithstanding that he came towards my house, which is quite contrary.
Q. Where do you live?
Holland. At Neesdon, in Wilsdon parish, near Hendone


 ; my daughter upon hearing my house was broke open, came and told me such a man was there asking questions about me; I went to enquire after him, and found he looged at the Wheat Sheaf in Paddington ; I went and found him there, and charged him with taking the things mentioned; there came in 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Wood 
               



            , I told him the case; and that the prisoner had then my shirt on; he assisted me; then going befor the justice, the prisoner told me it was my shirt he had on; and that he took it out of my house, and that he took a shift but had torn that to pieces, but the cap he never saw: he own'd the same before the Justice, and being asked why he did not go into the house, he said the glass window fell and made a noise, so that he was afraid of being found out:
( the shirt produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Rebecca 
                  Winnels 
               



            . The door and window was very fast over night, about 9 o'clock when I went to bed; I was the last person up; when I got up the next morning, I found the window broke, I called my master up, he got up; the things mentioned hung over night on a line in the kitchen, about half a yard from the window.
Q. Could a person get them without coming into the house ?
R. Winnels. I believe he might.
Q. Whose property where the things lost?
R. Winnels. The shirt was my master's, the shirt and cap belong'd to me; I never saw mire once.
Q. Does the room in which they hung belong to the dwelling house?
R. Winnels. It does.
Danie. Wood. I was at the taking the prisoner at the Wheat Sheaf at Paddington, he own'd he took the shirt he had on his back from out of Mr. Holland's house.
Q. Where did he own this?
Wood. Before we got 20 yards from the Wheat-Sheaf door with him:
Q. Did he say in what manner he took it, or wa time?


                  Wood 
                  No 
               



            , he did not.
Q. Did he say he broke the house?
Wood. I don't remember he did; he own'd also before the Justice that he took it ; so Mr. Fielding ordered him to go down stairs and pull it off; I saw him pull it off and deliver it to Mr. Holland.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never own'd before the Justice that I took the thing, nay he never asked me; they would not let me speak a word there.




               Guilty of felony, Acquitted of the burglary
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


