





496. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Eaton 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Segley 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Oct. 14
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Segley 
               



            . I live in Eagle-street, Red-lion-square, and am a cabinet marker
. Last Monday was se'nnight, about half an hour after eihg o'clock at night I was coming from work; when I came into Drury lane


 I met with the prisoner.
Q. Did she pick you up, or you her?
Segley. She pick'd me up, and I went down into the court with her, then I had my watch in my pocket, and she pick'd my pocket of it.
Q Were there any body else with you?
Segley. There were no body else but us two.
Q. Did you not give it her?
Segley. No, I did not.
Q. Was you sober?
Segley. I was not quite sober.
Prisoner. Pray did I ask you to go along with me?
Segley. She did.
Q. What did you do upon missing your watch ?
Segley. I observed her to go into a house, I followed her in, and insisted on the landlord assisting me, but he pulled me out of his house; then I went home; the next morning I got a warrant and constable and searched the house; the people of the house denied her being there; but at last we found her under a bed in a dark room.
Q. Did you perceive her hand in your pocke when you lost your watch?
Segley. No, I did not.


                  Edw 
                  Row 
               



            . I was along with the prosecutor when the prisoner was found under the bed. We took her to justice Fielding, there she said the one Gaukey had got the watch.
Q. Did she own she took it?
Row. She did not disown it.


                  John 
                  Ponton 
               



            . I was present and helped to pull the prisoner from under the bed, and heard her say before the justice she had the watch, but she had given it to a woman which she call'd Gaukey.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw the prosecutor in my life before I was coming from my day's work at Long-Acre. I had been a scouring I lodge at one Carrol's in Drury-lane. I met this man with a girl; she left him; then he said to me I want to speak with you. I said, what do you want? he said no harm; he took up my cloaths; I said, what do you want? then he wanted to put his hand to my breast, after that he said he had lost his watch, then he stripped me as naked as ever I was in the world; I had neither shoe, stocking, cap or shift left on.

Prosecutor. She laid hold of my arm and said she wanted to speak with me. I said what do you want with me? She said come down the court. I went with her; she asked me to give her something to d, I said I should give her nothing; she held me fast; I don't know that I chang'd five-words with her; I never pull'd one rag of her cloaths off. After I charg'd her with taking my watch, the people of that house came out, then she strip'd herself; but she had time enough to give the watch to some of them before that; then a man brought out a candle, I could see her face plain, and she was not out of my sight before, so I knew her again.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


