





373. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Nichols 
                  , otherwise Jane, wife
 of 
                     Charles 
                     

                        Pryer 
                     




            , was indicted for 


               stealing 20 guineas, the money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hosker 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house
             of the said John, Sept. 24
. ++


                  Frances 
                  Hosker 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Hosker 
               



            . I keep a public-house in West Smithfield


, the prisoner was my servant
 three weeks. I lost upwards of 20 s. The prisoner came very bare of cloaths, and has since bought a great many cloaths, we suspected her, and opened her box, in which we found a bunch of keys, one of which opened my drawers. She went away on the 24th of September, there was a letter came over night for her to come to her husband on board a ship. I missing my money that time she was gone, went to a neighbour who told me the tide did not serve to carry her down. So he went after her, thinking to find her, and brought her back to my house. She was searched, and 22 s. 6 d. in money found upon her, and a permit for liquor she was to take with her, and she had bought a great many things that morning, a pair of stockings, buckles, shoes, and gloves.
Q. How do you know that?
Hosker. She owned she bought them that morning. I charged her with taking the money I missed, she denied it, (the key produced,) this opens the drawer where my money was kept, as well as my own. I have a great deal of reason to believe the prisoner threw the money out of a two pair of stairs window to her brother's wife, who bought the things for her, she and her sister both owned she threw a shilling out.
Q. Was you with her before the alderman?
Hosker. I was, but she would confess nothing and said we could not sware to money. I am sure nobody could have the money, but the prisoner.
Elis. Davis. On the 11th of September last the prisoner's sister-in-law came to our house.
Q. Where do you live?
Davis. At Mrs. Hosker's house. The prisoner told her if she would go out of doors she would throw something out into her lap. Then she went up into the two pair of stairs room, and I went to the door, after the sister went out, but I was called in to draw a pint of beer, and as I was on the cellar stairs, I saw something flung out of the the two pair of stairs window, I believe it was as big as my fist, her sister-in-law caught it in her apron.
Q. Do you know who flung it?
Davis. There was nobody up stairs but the prisoner. I saw the sister go away with it immediately, the Sunday following her brother brought her a new quilted petticoat, and a new under one.
Q. Did you acquaint your mistress of this?
Davis. No, I did not, it went out of my mind.
Q. What was the lump wrapt up in?
Davis. It was either in paper, or cloth.
Q. to prosecutrix. Was that money wrapt up in paper or cloth?
Prosecutrix. It was taken out of a bag, from some other money; she did not take it all.
Mr. Biggs. In the morning, the 24th of September, Mrs. Hosker came into my shop, and said, her servant Jenny had robbed her of a considerable sum of money. I told her I would go and examine her room, I did, in one bag she said was 104 l. that we told there, and found 10 s. 6 d. missing of the sum. There were other bags of money; we examined a purse, out of which she said she lost 10 l. since that, she finds she has lost upwards of 30 l. in all. I told her I thought it would be proper to look into the prisoner's box, we went to it, I think it was Jocked, and one of the mistress's keys unlocked it; there was a parcel of old rags, in the middle of them a ring with four keys on it. I desired her to come with me into her own room, and the largest key opened the drawer where this money was, I think better than her own. She told me her maid was gone that morning, in order to go to Gravesend to her husband, then I went to London-wall to a sister-in-law of hers; she told me she was gone over the water. I went and found her coming out of a public-house at Maze-pond, on the other side the water. She was in a new dress, she said, your servant sir, I am just going down to Gravesend to see my husband. I said, but I must speak with you first: she went with me to a public-house, she then denied it, then I brought her to her mistress at the Cross-keys, There was a girl along with her, that was to have gone along with her. The prisoner was searched by some women; there was about 22 s. and a receipt for two gallons orgin. She was comitted to the Compter, and earned before Mr. alderman Gascoyne, then before Mr. alderman Alsoy. She owned nothing of the taking the money, but she has a very bad character. I have been to see for the other girl, who owned to me she had wrote the letter for her, and that it was a forged one, but I cannot find her.


                  Mary 
                  Woolington 
               



            . I helped the prisoner to this place, the was then very poor and miserable, she had not a thing that would fetch a shilling, and I lent her a shilling to buy her some oysters to sell about the streets, about a fortnight before I helped her to the place. She had not been there above three days, before she gave me 3 s. 6 d. to go down to her sister to fetch a gown out of pawn, she told me her mistress had lent her the money.
Q. to prosecutrix. Did you ever lend the prisoner any money?
Prosecutrix. No; I never lent her any money at all, the prisoner owned before the alderman that the letter was wrote by that girl that was to go with her, by her order.
Q. Was the letter produced?
Prosecutrix. Yes, the alderman read it.
Mr. Bigg confirmed the same account.
[The letter read to this purport. Directed to Mrs. Jane Pryer,] at the Cross-keys coffee-house, Smithfield.]
Sept. 20, 1755.
'' My Dear,
'' This comes with my kind love to you, hoping '' you are in good health, better than I am, for '' I am very ill at present, they do not expect my '' life. I desire you to come to me with all speed, '' if your mistress can spare you. No more at '' present from,
'' Your husband, '' 
               
                  Charles 
                  Pryer 
               



            , till death.''
'' P. S. There is a ship-mate of mine coming '' to London, and I got him to put this letter in '' the penny-post.''
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of the money. My brother bought me a petticoat, and my sister brought it me to put on to go to see my husband on board a ship.
Mr. Bigg. She denied that man on board a ship to be her husband.
To her character.
Jos. Lowder. I know the prisoner, she is my wife's sister, but I know no farther.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


