





393. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Letter 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one shagreen box, value 1 s. ten seals set in gold, value 3 l. twelve pieces of metal made in the similitude of a fish gilt, value 24 s. seven gold rings, value 20 s. one metal boot, value 3 s. one metal leg gilt, value 3 s. one silver boot, value 3 s. one metal anchor, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Adams 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Sept. 14
. ||


                  Andrew 
                  Adams 
               



            . On the 14th of September about nine at night, as the prisoner and a soldier were coming and talking with me along Holbourn


, they ask'd me if I would treat them with a pint of beer; I said with all my heart, I would treat them with two, and asked them if they knew an honest public-house; the woman said here is one over the way. We went in there and called for some liquor; there were two other men in the room.
Q. Did you know the prisoner or soldier before ?
Adams. No, I did not; I called for a of beer, but did not sit down. As we stood talking the prisoner felt at my pocket. I thought may be you will pick my pocket. I had a box in it, but felt and found it safe there.

Q. Did you say any thing to her?
Adams. I said you must not pick my pocket madam: I said I had no handkerchief about me. As we were talking after this, I felt and found my box was gone; then I said my box is gone.
Q. How did you stand at that time?
Adams. She stood facing me, and the soldier on one-side.
Q. In which pocket was your box?
Adams. In my left side pocket.
Q. Did you see her take it?
Adams. No, I did not.
Q. Did you perceive it go?
Adams. The soldier put his hand under my left elbow and lifted it up, and when I put my hand to my pocket my box was gone, but I did not perceive it taken; as soon as I said my box was gone the prisoner flew out at the door, I ran to go after her, the soldier came to the door and stop'd me, saying you shall not go after her, and held me fast. I saw her in the street and said, there she goes.
Q. When did you see her after this?
Adams. She was taken into custody two hours after by the constable.
Q. What was in the box?
Adams. It was a shagreen box, and in it ten French horn gold seals, some blood stone, some cornelian and agate, 12 metal fishes gilt, seven stone rings with gold shanks, the stones were set in silver, and one in gold, two boots and a leg; they are all trinkets for watches. One boot and leg were metal gilt, and the other silver gilt, and a metal anchor; after this there was an advertisement for me to go to justice Welch's, I went, and there was the prisoner.
Q. How long was this after you had been robbed?
Adams. It was about ten or twelve days after I was robbed when I read the advertisement, but the constable had advertised them before twice in the Public Advertiser.
Q. Did you ever find the soldier?
Adams. No.
Q. Are you sure this is the woman?
Adams. I told the justice I should not know the woman if I was to see her.
Court. Why then do you charge her?
Adams. She said before the justice that she drank with me and a soldier. The justice ask'd her how she came by the things, she said a gentleman gave her them as a present; he ask'd her what sort of a gentleman, she said a little man, a foreigner. [Such was the prosecutor.]
Q. Did you hear her tell the justice this?
Adams. No; but I heard the justice say she told him so.
Q. Was she by then?
Adams. She was; he told her of it in my hearing.
Q. What answer did she make?
Adams. She did not confess it, but cry'd.
Prisoner. That man gave them to me.


                  Henry 
                  Cooley 
               



            . I am a constable. [He produced the box and things mention'd].
Prosecutor. These are the things I lost that night, they are my property; here are all only one agate seal that she has made away with.
Q. By what do you know them to be your's?
Prosecutor. They are of my own making. I am a jeweller.
Q. to Cooley. How came you by these things?
Cooley. The woman where the prisoner did lodge came to me, it happened to be my watch night. She told me she had a suspicion this person had committed a robbery. I went home with her and found the prisoner much in liquor on a bed with one of these French horn seals on her finger. I ask'd where she got it; she delivered it to me. I made her get up and found this black shagreen box in her pocket with the other things in it.
Q. When was this?
Cooley. It was at eleven at night or thereabouts, on the 14th of September; the next day I carried her before Mr. Welch, who committed her to Newgate. I advertised the things in the Daily, Public, and Gazetteer papers. Some time after this the prosecutor applied to justice Welch to whom the advertisement directed, where he saw and swore to the things. The prisoner was asked which way she came by the things, she said a gentleman gave them to her.
Q. Was the prosecutor by at that time?
Cooley. No; this was at her being first brought there.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming down Holbourn, when this gentleman was near Hatton Garden raving in the street with two or three people round him. I never saw him in my life; people were advising him to go home, and there was a soldier advised him so too; he said no, shew me the beer-house; then he said you had better come and have some beer. I will not go in said I, but at last I did; we had a tankard at one house (he was very drunk) and the people turned him out and would not draw him any more; then he went into another house and said he would have some beer (this was near Holbourn-Bars ) they said he should have none. A woman was coming out of the cellar with some beer, which he took out of her hand; she said if she had known it she would not have drawn it. He said I was his wife, but I never saw him before; he said to the soldier, you I go along with us; the soldier said to me do not you go. I being in liquor went out of the house, the prosecutor gave me the things and said he'd go with me; so I went home with them, but did not know what was in the box till I came almost home, when I open'd it at a lamp and put one of the things on my finger; my landlady went and fetched Mr. Cooley, I told him the things were given me, and he should have them all.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


