





281. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Wilson 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one gawse handkerchief, val. 2 s. one gold watch, val. 10 l. one gold seal, val. 40 s. four silver tea spoons, val. 4 s. six silver table spoons, val. 3 l. two muslin aprons, and one silk camblet coat, the property of

                           Jane 
                           Bulley 
                        




                      
                   in the dwelling house
             of 
               
                  William 
                  Massey 
               



            , March 5.*
Jane Bulley. I live in Park-street, Westminster


, at the house of 
               
                  William 
                  Massey 
               



            , The prisoner was my servant
, and had been so between three and four months. On the 5th of March I lost a gold watch, six table spoons, four tea spoons, a silk camblet coat, and a waistcoat with 24 gold buttons; there were so many things that I could not put them all down in the indictment. I had given the prisoner warning, and gave her leave to go out on the Sunday; she said she was going to the Hermitage to see for a place. I went that day to my Lord Peterborough's, and staid there from Sunday to Tuesday. On the Tuesdays she came to me there and said, Madam, I have got a place. She desired me to give her the key of the dining room, which I delivered to her, and the key of my drawers, desiring her to bring me some things I wanted, for I was going out with the lady. When she returned I asked her if every thing was safe, and she said yes. At my return on Tuesday night I found the prisoner in the passage, as I believe going out. I asked her what she did there, and she made a frivolous excuse, saying, Nothing at all. She went up stairs with me, and the moment I came into the dining room there was all the sugar strewed over the table. She then asked me if I had taken the silver sugar dish away, I said no. On my going into the closet the spoons were missing, and looking at the bedside the watch was gone. I then called up a man and woman who lived in the house. They said they had lived there twelve years, and never lost any thing in their lives.
Q. How far is it from Lord Peterborough's to your house?
Bulley. Not a quarter of a mile; she might go in ten minutes.
Q. What reason have you to charge the prisoner with being the person who took these things away, when you was out so long?
Bulley. My Lord, if any body had opened the outer door they could not have opened the locks without breaking them; but there were no locks broke.
Q. Did you ever find any of your things again?
Bulley. I found nothing but the handkerchief, which was in the prisoner's box. [ The handkerchief produced in court.]
Q. Where was that box?
Bulley. It was left in my lodgings.
Q. Did you ever give her that handkerchief?
Bulley. No. I never gave her any such thing in my life.
Q. Did you ever hear her confess any thing relating to it?
Bulley. She always said she knew nothing of it. I have sent to several pawnbrokers, but could not find any thing out. She is a Danish woman, and I believe the watch is gone to Denmark.
Q. Did you ever hear any thing of your spoons?
Bulley. No, I never did, nor of any thing else but the handkerchief. There was a boar's head upon four of the spoons.


                  John 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I was the constable that was sent for to Mrs. Bulley's to take charge of the prisoner; she told me she had lost so many things. I asked the prisoner several questions, whether she knew any thing of these goods; she told me no. I desired her to tell me whether they were pawned any where; she said no, and that she knew nothing of them. She said she had no money but a penny. But two women searching her found this box, [which he produced in court ] with three guineas and half a crown. They were delivered to me, and have been in my custody ever since.


                  Sarah 
                  Smith 
               



            . I was present when the prisoner's box was looked over in Mrs. Bulley's room, and saw the handkerchief teken out of it; her mistress said, That is mine, I can swear to it, and the prisoner said, If it is yours take it, and threw it on the floor. This is all that I know.
Q. Was you present when she was searched?

Smith. I was. The constable said it was not convenient for him to search her. I stood by while my acquaintances searched her, and saw the box with the money taken out of her pocket.
Q. Is that the box? [shewing it to her.]
Smith. Tis the very same box.
Prisoner's Defence.
She said she would keep all my cloaths. I had no wages of her for the time I lived with her. They took my money out of my pocket. I am innocent of what is laid to my charge.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


