





268. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ashley 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury on the trial of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Goddard 
                        




                      
                  , (See No. 471. in Cokayne's Mayoralty) in swearing he met 
                     
                        Simons the 
                        Jew 
                     



                   near Brentford-turnpike, and asked him to drink a pint of beer, that he then took hold of his beard in a joke, that the Jew held up his staff and struck him, that after that he throw'd the Jew in a ditch and scratched him in the bushes, and flung a stone which fell on his head and broke it three weeks before
            .  Sept. 11
. ||
The witnesses were examined apart.


                  Thomas 
                  Gurney 
               



            . I was here and saw Goddard tried in Sept. sessions. I remember the prisoner was a witness examined on the behalf of Goddard. I saw him sworn, to speak the truth and nothing but the truth, After which he said, I met with this Jew near Brentford Turnpike, and asked him if he'd drink a pint of beer; I then took hold of his heard in a joke, and he held up his staff and struck me; a man there said, go along old Jew, or you'll have your drubbing; I ran after him and put him in a ditch, and scratched him in the bushes, then I flung a stone at his head and broke it; he held up his hands and his head bled at that time: being asked at what time this was, he answered this is three weeks ago.
Cross examined.
Q. Do you remember any thing said by the jury that they were satisfied before Ashley was sworn?
Gurney. I do not.


                  David 
                  Hart 
               



             sworn interpreter to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Simons 
               



            .


                  Henry 
                  Simons 
               



            . On Wednesday the 21st of August, between four and five in the afternoon, as I was walking on foot my leg began to swell; I went in at the Rose and Crown on this use Smallbury-Green to ask if I could lodge there. I saw a witness that is here, Lettice Sergeant, I told her I would pay her for what I had if they would let me lie there, the woman went backwards to ask, in the mean time the prisoner brought some beer out at the door, and asked me if I would drink with him; I would not drink at all; he attempted to pull me by the beard, but never touched my beard: I gave him a shove from me; I had a walking cane in my hand, but did not hold it up; I never meddled with him; after this the woman came out and told me I could not have a lodging. I went away; the prisoner came after me and I began to run, he hollow'd after me, stop thief, and ran after me, there were gentlemen on horseback; I ran between their horses; the prisoner seemed to be a little in liquor; after that I went to Brentford, and there lodged at the Red-Lion; I neither stumbled not tumbled at all; there was no stone throwed after me, nor none touched me: I had no would nor mark of blood about me: it was not above two minutes from the time of Ashley's asking me to drink, and my coming up to the men on horseback.
On his cross examination he said, he returned to London the day following, that between the 21st and 29th of Aug. he continued there, and set out on Wednesday the 29th for Bristol, and that night he was robbed.
Lettice Sergeant. In August last I lodged at the Rose and Crown, the house of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Rickets 
               



            , on this side the turnpike on Smallbury-green ; I was there from the latter end of April to Michaelmas Day. I remember on the 21st of August Mr. Rickets was starting of beer: Ashley, the prisoner, was there almost all that day, he had been drinking: there are two benches at the door, the Jew came there, he sat on the bench on the left hand and I on the right: he asked me for lodging, as well as he could in broken English, he turned up his linnen and opened his bosom to shew me he was a clean man, and that he would pay for his lodging. I went in and asked Mrs. Rickets if she would lodge him. She made a pish at it; I came and told him he could not lodge there I believed. I went by his desire again; she said, that she could not give an answer till she saw her husband; in the mean time, the prisoner went out of the house with a pint of beer in his hand, and said, old father, will you drink? the Jew shook his head, and said something, but I don't know what; he never touched the pot: then the prisoner called him a rogue and a Jew, and endeavoured to take him by the heard, and catched hold on him, the Jew put his hand up and pushed him away; the Jew continued till the gentlewoman came to the door; then I said, can you lodge this man? she said, I will go and ask my husband; he gave him a heavy curse, and said, he was a Jew, and should not, I told him; the poor man got up to go away; Ashley sat down in his place, and called him rogue and Jew: the Jew turned again, and as well as he could, said he was not a rogue, Ashley was a rogue: he got up in great haste to run after the Jew; I said to his wife, it is a pitty, don't let him follow him: she took hold on his sleeve, he gave a jerk and fell down ; the Jew turned round and looked at him, then he went along, I saw four gentlemen on horseback come along, he got between their horses from the time of Ashley's coming with the beer, and the Jew getting betwixt the horses Ashley had not thrown him in a ditch nor scratched him in the bushes, or throwed a stone at him; I never saw no such thing : I was out at the door there all the time, the gentlemen came up to the door to me, after they had stopp'd Ashley. Mr. Rickets at this time was in his shop, learning out at the window where he fells his liquors, he was not at that time out at t he door: the gentlemen on horseback stopped Ashley, and his wife got up there, and took hold of him? then the Jew was got out of fight. Ashley never touched him in the pursuit. The next morning Ashley was in the same house again, a little before breakfast time; the men were laughing at him for running after this man to use him ill: Ashley said, he never run after him, for he was so drunk, he could neither run after, or overtake him. The very night before the trial of Goddard, the prisoner rode up in a post-chaise to Mr. Rickets's house, and called for Mr. Rickets: he was busy, and asked what he wanted? he said, drive on, boy, to the post-boy, and made Rickets no answer.
Q. How many people saw this affair between the Jew and the prisoner?
L. Sergeant. The prisoner's wife, one Rose Ford, and one Baily a butterman.
And on her cross examination she said, The prisoner catched hold on the Jew's beard, the Jew had a stick in his hand, but never offered to lift it from the ground, or offered to strike him: that the Jew said, no heard, no heard : that the Jew did not run till he saw the prisoner running towards him. That the prisoner gave him a heavy curse; that she continued sitting on the right hand side in the poach, but got up and went into the road while they were running: that she saw no stones throwed: that there is a very clean ditch, no briars to hang over it, it is a deep ditch, on one side; but the Jew run more on the other side: that the Jew crossed right against Madam Spire's, having not run above twenty yards before he crossed the way.
Rose Ford. I remember seeing the prisoner and the Jew at the alehouse, near Smallbury-green : I was at the door when the Jew came up, Ashley stood at the door with a pint of beer in his hand, he asked the Jew to drink; he refused to drink. I came away from there, it may be about thirty or forty yards from the door; I had my little boy with me: I stood still looking about me; I saw the Jew come from Mr. Ricket's door, and in a little time came Ashley, swearing and cursing, stop thief, he has robbed me! they ran strait the road, then crossed into the foot-path ; I gave the Jew room to come by me. Ashley was so fuddled he never could overtake him, neither did he throw a stone at him, nor was he thrown in a ditch: there were some gentlemen coming; the Jew ran between their horses: they asked, what was the matter? I said there was nothing the matter, he had robbed him of nothing. Ashley answered, he has robbed me of my beer. The Gentlemen said to Ashley, you sorry man, let the man go about his business, and do you go along with us to the Rose and Crown or we'll horsewhip you.
Q. Is there a ditch?
R. Ford. There is a ditch, but very little briars and things grow over it; there is a wall by Mrs. Spires's.
Q. How did any body know you was able to give evidence of this?
R. Ford. I told it to my landlady 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jennings 
               



            , as soon as I got home; I talked of it many times after he had swore against the Jew. The Attorney heard of it and so subpoena'd me. (On her cross-examination she said, after being often asked) there was no stone thrown: that she had them in fight all the while, and was positive of it; that she saw the very beginning of it: that she had been chairing at Rickets's house.


                  Gregory 
                  Wright 
               



            . I live at the Temple-Muse, Fleet-street, White Fryars, on the 21st of August last, I set out from my house after one o'clock, for Newberry-Fair by myself, till I came on the other side Hammersmith, there Mr. Pain and Mr. Mercer overtook me; we lay at Maidenhead that night; we continued in company till we came to Newberry; upon out going between the Coach and Horses, on the other side Brentford, and the Rose and Crown Alehouse, before we came at the Turnpike, I saw one man pursuing another; we might be about two hundred yards from the Rose and Crown Alehouse ; I saw it was a Foreigner by his dress, that was pursued, which made me anxious to enquire what was the matter; the man behind called out stop Thief! stop Thief! which I believe to be the prisoner at the bar; when the Jew got to us, he got between Mr. Pain's horse and mine; the drunken man, the pursuer, scrambled up near, we kept him back, the drunken man said he is a rogue and a villain; we desired he'd tell us what he had done; he said he has drank my beer and ran away, and would not pay for it; said I if that he all, let the poor man go about his business, and what is to pay, I'll pay it; no said he, he would not, and made a scuffle to come at the Jew; I took particular notice of the Jew, he made signs holding his hand up to his beard, we said he should desist; then he said to me, you have robbed me, said I if this is the case you are a villain, and if you say so again I'll horse-whip you; we stopped him there till the Jew got near to the houses at Brentford ; he was very near turning the corner where the bridge is; I believe on my oath, the Jew was at least two-hundred yards off; I turned myself on my horse, half britch, to see whether he was secure, the drunken man swore and cursed, and used many bad words; there came a woman and took hold on him, she seem'd to be his wife, she desired him to go back: he fell down, then Mr. Pain said, the man is safe enough; the last woman that gave evidence told me nothing was the matter, that the Jew did nothing to him, he had drank none of his beer, but refused it, and that he made an attempt to pull him by the beard, with that we advanced towards the Crown Alehouse, I, and I believe Mr. Pain, stopt with me; there was the woman that was examined first, I asked her what was the matter, she said no thing at all; I said if there is anything to pay for beer that that poor Jew has drank, I am ready to pay for it; she said the Jew did no harm to the man, nor drank none of his beer.
Q. Had there been a stone throw'd?
Wright. I saw none throw'd, and believe the man was so drunk that he was not able to pursue or over-take him: I saw the woman at the door the time they were running, they crossed the road backwards and forwards; the Jew kept, it may be, fifteen or twenty yards before him, I kept my eye, upon them from the first of the calling out stop thief! On his cross examination he said, When they first heard the alarm, he believed the Jew might be within fifty yards of the alehouse, and they about two-hundred yards from the Rose and Crown alehouse ; that they were nearer that than the Coach and Horses; that they met the Jew about two-hundred yards on this side the Rose and Crown alehouse ; that he saw no blood or mark at all on the Jew, that he made no such complaint or sign to his head, but said my beard, and sign'd to it.


                  Ambrose 
                  Pain 
               



            . I keep a farm and deal in horses, and I live at Tottenham-high-cross ; I was in company with Mr. Wright and Mr. Mercer, on the other side Brentford, on this side the Smallbury-green Turnpike ; I don't know the signs, I saw the Jew drinking, and a man pursuing him. I can't say I heard the cry of stop thief! the Jew seem'd to be terribly frightened, and got between Mr. Wright's horse and mine; he sign'd as if the drunken man attempted to pull him by the heard; I did not see him dirty, as if thrown in a ditch, nor scratched any more than I do now; I saw no blood about him, neither did he make any signs to his head; we prevented this drunken man from hurting him, and I believe I called him rascal and villian for his pains; I beckon'd to the Jew to get away, he immediately went away; I staid a little while and left Mr. Wright and Mr. Mercer, and kept walking on, and said he is safe enough now, the man was gone a pretty way from them; the drunken man was fallen down on the road, and a woman came to him and had got him by the arm; I can't say I know these women again, there was a woman or two there.


                  Stephen 
                  Mercer 
               



            . Mr. Pain, Mr. Wright, and I, were going together for Newberry ; this Jew was running and the prisoner pursuing him; the Jew was about fifty yards from the Rose and Crown alehouse when I saw him first; the prisoner called out stop thief! the Jew was about fifty yards before him, they kept making towards us, the prisoner was so fuddled he could not catch him; we threatened to horse-whip Ashley; Mr. Wright asked Ashley what he had robbed him of, he said of his beer; then he said tell me what beer and I'll pay for it.
Q. Did you see any stones throw'd?
Mercer. There where none at all throw'd, we all looked at them, the Jew was not thrown in the ditch, nor no appearance of dirt upon him, or scratches, or blood upon him then; he put his hand up to his heard, and said, ( pulla me heard, pulla me heard,) was all his complaint; we stopp'd Ashley, and saw the Jew almost to the bridge, going to Brentford ; there was a little woman came up, and said, why can't you come home, you drunken fool; he spoke an ugly word, and gave her a shove, and said, go along; said I to her, what has the Jew robb'd this man of; nothing at all, said she. Mr. Wright ask'd that woman, what had happened at the alehouse, saying if he had drunk any beer, he'd pay for it; she said he had drank none of his beer; the other woman gave the same account.
Q. to Mr. Wright again. How came you to know of this trial to give your evidence?
Wright. I was waiting at the door of the grand jury last sessions, to find a bill against a person; as I was leaning over the rails, I heard Lettice Sergeant talking about the affair of this Jew; the Jew I observed looked me out of countenance; I asked his interpreter what he look'd at me so hard for, he said he believed he knew me. The woman said she was come to support the cause of this poor unhappy man, and added, that in August last there were four gentlemen coming on the road when he was pursued, and he has made all the enquirey he can to find them out, and can't find any of them; said I what time in August? she said the 21st; I look'd at the Jew, and saw he was the same man; I ask'd his interpreter whether he was pursued by any man, he said yes, he was; I said to the woman, I know the men, by which means I was brought to the grand jury about this affair; this bill and mine were in together.


                  Mary 
                  Ridgway 
               



            . I live at the Red-Lion and Punch-Bowl in Old Brentford ; this Jew came and ask'd for a lodging at my house, the 21st of August last, in the afternoon, before dark; I turned up his cloaths and said, if he was clean he should; seeing him very clean, I bid him walk in, he came in, he said Selse, Selse, hundreds I did not understand him, I thought it was to lie by himself, what he meant don't know, when he lay down in the bed I went to fasten the door, he opened his bosom, I saw a belt next his skin; after he was in bed, he turned the cloaths a little back and said, hundreds, hundreds  again. I had before taken notice of his face and hands, fearing he had got the itch; he was all clean, had no blood, nor scratch upon him, he had no dirt on him.
Q. Did he make any complaint of his head?
M. Ridgway. He made no complaint to me, I make all my beds myself, there was no blood about the sheets the next day. He came again the 28th of August, I ask'd him if he would lie there then, he said no, Bristol, Bristol, said I don't tell of your hundreds fearing you should be robbed on Hounflow-Heath ; then he turn'd himself round, and pull'd out a piece of gold much like a half guinea, I asked a woman what it was, she did not know, then I delivered it to him again, and by his meaning, as far as I could understand, it was a ducat, he said he had hundreds.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Gill 
               



            . I liv'd with Mrs. Ridgway in August last, I saw the Jew when he ask'd for a lodging, he was examin'd to see if he was a clean man, Mrs. Ridgway said he would not lie with company; when he came in I saw no dirt on him, or scratches, or blood, or wound on his head.
Eliz. Jennings. Rose Ford lodged with me in August last; she came in a doors in a great hurry, and asked me if I had seen a Turk go by; then she said, I mean a Jew. I said I did not observe. She said, that fellow, 
               
                  Tom 
                  Ashley 
               



            , has been running after a poor man, calling, Stop thief! and I am sure he did not rob him of any thing, or do him any wrong; that he had called at the Rose and Crown to ask for a lodging; that four men were on the road and asked what was the matter, and she said nothing at all; that they asked Ashley what he had robbed him of; he said of his beer; that the gentlemen said if Ashley would not go back to the Rose and Crown they would horsewhip him; and she said that was very good of them, and added, Ashley is now gone to the Rose and Crown, and the Jew is gone on the road.


                  Richard 
                  Strickland 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar told me he had been a witness at the Old Bailey for Mr. Goddard, and that Goddard was cleared, and that he took him down to his house to be paid for his trouble: that after he had made him welcome he took him by the hand and led him to the door, and said Mr. Ashley I shall have a respect for you all the days of my life, for you actually saved my life, though I deserve to die, for I actually robbed the man: then he took him in again to pay him for his trouble, and asked him what he must have: he answered, he would trust to his honour: then Goddard throwed him down half a guinea, and asked if that would satisfy him: he grumbled, and then he threw him down a crown more, and at last he made it up a guinea: then as he went away he told him to come again such a day, there would be some gentlemen there. He went, and said he thought there were a hundred gentlemen at the table; that they called for a plate to gather money for him; that a gentleman had gave a shilling, then Mr. Goddard came and took the plate out of his hand, seized Ashley by the collar, and turned him out at the door, saying, he was a rogue: so he went away very angry: some time after this there was a trial to come on at Westminster-hall, Ashley was subpoen'd there: he told Goddard he did not care to go, and that if he did, he should do him more hurt than good, unless he would pay him better for it. I have heard Ashley grumble about it many times, that he was not paid enough, that had he known as much as he then did, he would not have spoke till he had been better paid.
Q. How long have you known Ashley?
Strickland. I never knew him till I went to work with him, about a month after Michelmas last.
Q. When did he tell you this?
Strickland. We have talk'd much of this in our work; and one time he told me, as we were going from London home, the 10th of Febr. which was Shrove-Monday, that Goddard took him to the Black Bear in Piccadilly that night, and he was to come for a witness at Westminster the next day; he said he told Goddard, he had better not let him be a witness, unless he would give him five guineas, or if not, he would blow, and tell all he had told him.


                  Thomas 
                  Woodman 
               



            . I had a warrant brought to me from Mr. Waters, to go to take Ashley ; I went down to Twickenham, and was told, he was in the Earl of Northumberland's garden at work; I did not care to go there, but waited till six o'clock for their leaving work; I was going up to the garden that I might see him, to know him, I had a servant with me, that walked behind me, he stopp'd Ashley, I turned back and told him, I had a warrant against him; he seemed very much surprized; and asked me for what? I said, I supposed he know'd, but when we came into the chaise I would inform him: I took him into the Inn, where my horses were, and in a room I told him the purport of my warrant was for giving evidence for Goddard at the Old Bailey, I had a warrant from my Lord Mayor, backed by Justice Fielding; I said I suppose you are no stranger to it; you know you ill treated the Jew, and it is a very bad thing you did to a stranger; you ought to let strangers go about their business: you broke his head; pray, whereabouts did you break it? he put his hand to his temple, and said, hereabouts ; I got him into the chaise, and rode with him in it, and let the constable ride my horse; as we were going along, he told me, that the night Mr. Goddard was discharged at the Old Bailey, he went home with him, and after some time, Mr. Goddard took him out into his yard, and shook him by the hand, and said, Mr. Ashley, I thank you for the good office you have done me, you have saved my life, I ought to have -
Prisoner's counsel. What he says, Mr. Goddard said, is no evidence, and ought not to be mentioned here.
Woodman. He said, Goddard gave him half a guinea, he grumbled, and said, you may as well give a guinea as a shilling; that they had some words; then he made it three crowns, but at he made it a guinea.
For the prisoner.


                  Charles 
                  Rickets 
               



            . I live at the Rose and Crown, a little on this side Smallbury-Green Turnpike: I remember this Jew came to my house the 21st of August, about three or four o'clock: Ashley at that time was there, he work'd with Mr. Clements ; the Jew ask'd for lodging, I said to him, he was of the wrong country; when he found he could not lodge there, he was going away from the door; Ashley had been drinking a little, he offer'd some beer to him out of his pint: instead of giving him beer, he laid hold on his heard, and shook him by it, Ashley did not deliver his pint to him; then the Jew took himself away, about ten or fifteen yards, he had a sort of a cane, and a black string to it, he shook it at him: then Ashley ran after him, and pelted him with gravel stones across the road, backwards and forwards, whether he hit him or no I can't say, he flung several handfuls of loose gravel stones, a dozen times very likely.
Q. Which way did they run?
Rickets. Towards Brentford Bridge, there were some horsemen came up, so we could not see whether the Jew was in the ditch or not. The horsemen said when they came to my house, the drunken man had throw'd him in the ditch: they were gentlemen like, they came and asked why the Jew was used so ill? my wife and I both spake to them: then they ask'd if he had left his reckoning to pay? we said he had nothing to drink, nor did he ask for any, only lodging: I saw no more of the Jew, nor did I see Ashley till next morning.
On his cross examination he said, He was here on Goddard's trial, that Ashley then was examin'd, that he himself was also examined then, and gave the same evidence he does now: that he then said he saw Ashley pelt the Jew with gravel stones, and he told the same then, as to the horsemen telling him Ashley had put the man in the ditch; that he was waiting upon some gentleman with liquor at the door, at the time: that some of the gentleman were on horse-back, some on foot: that some of them live at Windsor: that he spoke with the Jew twice himself before Ashley came out with his beer: that he saw the Jew go to lay hold on the pint pot, and was within three or four yards of them at the time: that the Jew might be twenty or twenty-five yards off, before Ashley could set out after him; that the Jew was about a hundred yards from his house before Ashley took up any gravel to throw at him, and that Ashley might be within thirty yards of the Jew; that he never saw Ashley catch the Jew; that he did not see the horsemen stop Ashley, nor see Ashley fall down on the ground. Being again asked, whether the horsemen did or did not say the Jew was put in the ditch, and bid to be careful what he said, for the gentlemen were in court, he said, they did not tell him so; and added, he had not said they had told him so.
Q. Has not Mr. Goddard been now out of the court to tell you what the witnesses have sworn for the crown, before you came in.
Rickets. Mr. Goddard did come out, but I did not hear him say any thing at all about it.
Q. to Mr. Wright. Did you, or any of you, tell this witness the drunken man had thrown the Jew into the ditch?
Wright. When this witness said so, it gave me a shock: we neither of us told him so. I saw Ashley down: there were none but women at that man's house when we came there.


                  George 
                  Wheeler 
               



            . I was present at the Rose and Crown when the Jew applied to Mr. Rickets for lodging; Mr. Rickets said he had none, he was of the wrong sort: Ashley came out there with a pint of beer, and asked the Jew to drink: the Jew went to drink, Ashley catched the beer away and took hold of his beard and gave it a shake or two. The Jew said, Don't, don't, let me alone, in English. He went away about 15 or 16 yards, and shook his stick at Ashley: Ashley ran after him all down the Road, and threatened to knock him down; we stood at Mr. Rickets's door: the Jew was about five or six yards before him; as they ran Ashley threw stones and pelted him all down the Road as far as I could see: I saw him pick up stones, gravel, and one thing or another: I saw none of them hit him: he followed the Jew 200 yards and above. I did not see him throw him in the ditch; he was very near it once on the right hand side: the horsemen stopped all at once, and I could not see him any more.
On his cross-examination he said, He was servant to Mr. Freeman a brewer; that they were starting beer at Mr. Rickets's house, and putting the butts into the cellar; that he saw the Jew come up first and ask for lodging; that he had not seen Ashley before he came out with a pint of beer in his hand; that the Jew had not given him any offence as he knew of; that Ashley picked up stones to throw when the Jew was about fourteen or fifteen yards from the door, and continued throwing all the way as far as he could see, till they met the gentlemen, now and then stooping and hallooing; that he heard nothing of stop thief; that he did not see the Jew go in between the horses; that the gentlemen might be ten or fifteen minutes talking to Ashley in the road; that he went into the cellar to work, and don't know what became of Ashley; that he did not see Ashley fall; that he saw Ashley's wife go out of the house to stop him, but did not see her come up with him.


                  James 
                  Chivers 
               



            . I was one of the brewers: the last witness and I were laying down beer at Rickets's house: I saw the Jew come up to the door to ask for a lodging: the prisoner was in liquor: the landlord denied the Jew lodging; he went away, Ashley followed him and pelted him along the road: he might catch up the gravel and fling at him. I am sure I saw that, but can't tell how often. They ran a good way down the road, it may be a hundred yards.
Q. Did you see the Jew down in the ditch.
Chivers. I did not, nor any blood upon him. I went down in the cellar to work as the gentlemen rode by.
On his cross-examination he said, The Jew went away directly on his being denied lodging; that the Jew was but about the length of the Sessions house from the alehouse when Ashley began to follow him.


                  John 
                  Bendwell 
               



            . I was by when the Jew applied to Rickets for Lodging. Mr. Rickets denied him; he asked again and pulled out money, I think it was a sixpence, and said I have money to pay. Mr. Rickets said you are of the wrong Country, I can't lodge you. Ashley came out with a pint of beer in his hand, and asked him to drink, he offered to take the beer; instead of that he took the Jew by the beard, and shook him pretty handsomely. the Jew got about ten or twelve yards, or more, off, and turned about and shook his stick at him: then Ashley swore if he did not go along he would break his head; he went forward, and turned round in about ten yards more: then Ashley set out after him, and took up stones, one, two, or three I believe, and throwed at him, and ran after him almost as far as we could see, and kept picking up something, we could not tell what: I did not see any stone light upon him: he pursued him, as near as I can guess, about a quarter of a mile; there was a ditch on each side: I saw some Horsemen come up: I saw the Jew in the ditch, he fell against a bank almost a quarter of a mile from us. I saw Ashley at the same time tak up something and fling at him: there were four, five or six people on horse-back came, this might be about twenty yards from them.
Q. Are there any bushes on that ditch?
Bendwell There are a very few briars: We laugh'd pretty heartily when they ran down the road; it was a merry thing for us.
On his cross examination he said, There were three servants of us; we had just done our work in the cellar, and was come up: Ashley was in liquor, he began to throw at the Jew as soon as he came into the road: that he did not see a woman with a child in the road; upon the Jews being in the ditch, the horsemen came up and stopped: Ashley was not within reach of the Jew, when he was in the ditch: that he thinks the Jew by looking back at Ashley stumbled into the ditch, he can't say that Ashley put him in the ditch: he did not perceive the horsemen to lend him a hand out of the ditch: they stopp'd right against him when he was in the ditch, that he did not see him go out of the ditch, because the horses hindered their seeing : that he did not stay at Mr. Rickets's door till the horsemen came there, but went in and smoak'd a pipe: that they were all of them in company, and none of them in the cellar to help finish the work, that they had quite done: that they did not see the Jew go in between the two horses: that he is sure the horsemen must have seen the Jew in the ditch: that he did not hear Ashley cry any thing after the Jew; that he hallowed after him, but what the words were, he could not tell: that he did not see any body stop Ashley on the road: that Ashley was down among the horse-men when the Jew was in the ditch; that he don't remember Goddard had spoke to him out of the court.


                  John 
                  Bailey 
               



            . I was going up to Mr. Rickets with some butter, with a cart and horse: I saw the Jew cross the road against Mr. Spires's, about two hundred yards from Mr. Rickets, coming towards Brentford, Ashley ran away after him, and threatned to kick him, they came so near my horse's head, that I pull'd the reins to stop, fearing I should run the Jew into the ditch; my cart had a tilt, so I could not see behind: when my boy called to me, I saw two or three horsemen come up near the place where the boy said they are in the ditch together: we were about one hundred and fifty yards from the place, I thought it was all gone off.
Q. How far is Mr. Spires's from the Coach and Horses?
Bailey. It is about two or three hundred yards from it. On his cross examination he said, The Jew and Ashley might be three or four yards asunder as they run: that he saw nothing thrown that he did not stop his cart; that the place were his boy said they were in the ditch is about three or fourscore yards from Mr. Bates's the minister's house.


                  Edward 
                  Beacham 
               



            . I am thirteen years of age I was in master's cart, and saw the Jew and Ashley run, they ran 2 or 300 yards farther than the cart; the cart was pretty near a hundred yards from the Rose and Crown. I saw the Jew stumble into the ditch; he was against the bank; Ashley was not far from him then: I did not see any stones thrown: I could not see whether Ashley came up to him; because there was a mob of four or five horsemen: I did not see Ashley do any thing to him: the horsemen were not within sight when the Jew fell into the ditch; they came up in three or four minutes, they stopp'd, and soon rode away again. On his cross-examination he said, he believed Ashley was eight or nine yards from him when he was in the ditch, that there was a great mob besides horsemen about him, six or seven, when he was in it; he can't say whether the horsemen were come up, before he got out; that he did not see him get out.


                  Martha 
                  James 
               



            . I live at Isleworth with the Rev. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Bates 
               



            , at the same side Spires lives on; betwixt two and five in the afternoon, on the 21st of August, I heard a noise in the road, when I thought it came nearer I went out; I saw three or four gentlemen-like farmers, and the prisoner in the middle of the highway; I saw the Jew with a long sort of a garment on, a little on this side the prisoner; the gentlemen went away: the prisoner took up gravel and pelted the Jew; then he put his hand to his garment and took out a sort of a dirty rag that was tied there, he held it up to the side of his face, and cried in a mourning manner: I pittied him and thought he was hurt; then master came, and I said there is Ashley drunk, I never saw a man so drunk in my life: he was fallen down in a ditch; I desired my fellow servant to go and help Mrs. Ashley get her husband up, and bring him into our chaise house till he was sober.



               Guilty
            .





[Pillory. See summary.]






[Imprisonment. See summary.]






[Transportation. See summary.]


