






509. 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife of 
                     
                        George 
                        Trussin 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linen bag, value one penny, three moidores, one 36 s. piece, one guinea, one half guinea, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lawton 
                        




                     
                  , Esq;
 in the dwelling-house of the said John
            .

August 25
.


                  John 
                  Swanson 
               



            . I live in the Esquire's house, and receive his rents, &c. he lives in Ratcliff-high-way


. After I had told the money he put it into a bag and carried it up one pair of stairs into a sore room; that afternoon he went into the country. The prisoner used to be employed by the maid the fore part of the day to assist in the house; it was reported she was married on the Saturday in the afternoon, and in that affair she had expended 3 l. 6 s. 9 d. We went and took her up on the Monday following; she denied knowing any thing of the matter before justice Burry, but on the Tuesday morning she told me, she shook the scrutore (Mr. Lawton told me, he did not know whether he put the money into the till, or the scrutore) and the money fell down behind from a hole which there was in the back part of it, and she took it up; whether this hole was done by her, or some body else, I know not. She did not name any particular pieces. I ask'd her what she had done with it, she said, most of the money was lost, with the certificate, coming back from being married, in a coach.


                  Sarah 
                  Mitchel 
               



            . I live a servant with Esquire Lawton; I know nothing of the affair ; all I have to say is, I employ'd her as a chare-woman

.




               Guilty 39 s
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


