






577, 578. 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Davie 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Parker 
                  



               
            , were indicted, for that they, together with 
               
                  Henry 
                  Faulkner 
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Watson 
               



            , not yet taken, did 


               steal nine elephants teeth, four hundred and fifty pounds weight, val. 40 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christian 
                     Hillier 
                  



               
            , and also the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Touchit 
                  



               
            .


                  Samuel 
                  Touchit 
               



            . I am a merchant
, I had lately consign'd to me, a parcel of elephant's teeth, which we call Guamboe teeth, by 
               
                  Christian 
                  Hillier 
               



            . The ship arriv'd in the river, and moored some time in December last. I have not heard of any of that sort arrived here these twelve months, consign'd to any other person. There were an hundred and ninety three teeth put on board a lighter in order to be landed. It lay at Summer's Key; and on the second of January, I had notice there was a deficiency; that there wanted nine of the number; and when we came to weigh them, there wanted four hundred and fifty pounds weight, according to our invoice. I have never seen them since.


                  David 
                  Day 
               



            . I am wharfinger on this Key. These goods came from the ship called the Warren, Captain 
               
                  Woodward
               


            . This lighter was brought to our wharf by the night tide ; and in the morning according to the lighter bill there were nine teeth wanting. All our goods come to us by lighter bills.


                  James 
                  Penprise 
               



            . I have known the prisoner Parker, I believe, ten or twelve years, and Davie about two. Davie came over night, I cannot tell the day of the month. I believe it was in January, to me, Parker, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Watson 
               



            , and Faulkner, and told us be had got a lighter going up that tide with some elephants teeth in her, and if we would attend with a boat we might have some of them out in the night; they were coming to Mr. Day's Wharf at Billingsgate. Accordingly we four got a boat and went to Summer's Key. Then Davie was on shore at Billingsgate in Darkhouse Lane near the wharf We gave him the usual notice with the call of Yolow. Then we all went and looked from the Key, and saw a watchman sitting in the lighter. Upon this we walk'd about an hour or two, and after that we got into our boat, and came along side the lighter. The man was awake and we could not meddle with any. Then we lay in our boat an hour or two longer; and between five and six in the morning we agreed that Davie should go on shore for a draught of purl, and call the watchman to drink Davie did so. Then we went to work, and got nine of them.
Q. Was it light or dark?
Penprise. It was a cloudy morning. But the watchman call'd out, what boat is that along side the lighter? We cry'd, damn him, what was that to him, and went away. We neither of us went out of our boat, we could reach them from the lighter as we stood. We row'd away to Hanoverhole, and landed them there at Roof's house. We left them and went to Roof's other house, in Shadwell, and told him we had landed such goods. Davie was not with us then. Roof told us, he would go over in the day, and look at them. We ask'd him 2 s. 6 d. a pound. He said, he could not give it. He agreed with us for 1 s. 6 d. Davie was not present at this agreement, there were only Watson and I; we went afterwards to see them weigh'd, there was about 400 pounds weight, the money came to 29 l. Faulkner and I received 20 l. We shar'd this amongst us, five persons. We went and drank either at my house or at the Fox in Fox lane, Shadwell. We had all an equal share. Parker and Davie went and received the rest of the money the next day. Roof told us, he had paid it them; Davie had got it, and did design to keep it all. We laid him down and hussled him, and took it away from him.
Q. from Parker. How much of the nine pounds did you give me ?
Penprise. I don't believe you had any. You had share of the other, for when we hussled the money out of his pocket, some got some, and some none ; but Parker was not there.
Q. Why did not you put Parker into the first information?
Penprise. He is in the information. I never made but one, and that was before justice Hammond.
Q. Why did you put him into the information?
Penprise. Because he has been guilty with me in several robberies besides this.
Parker. The reason, my lord, why he put me into the information, was, because I would not be concerned with him in shooting Roof.


                  John 
                  Roof 
               



            . I live at Cole-stairs, Shadwell. I have a friend lives cross the water, at Hanover-stairs, and takes in goods there for me. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Watson 
               



            , 
               
                  Henry 
                  Falkner 
               



            , Penprise, and Parker, came to me about the third or fourth of January, about eight o'clock in the morning, and ask'd me if I would buy some Elephants teeth. I told them I would, if I could see them. They told me, if I would go over the water to my correspondent's at Hanover-stairs, I might see them. I said I would go, which I did. After that 
               
                  Robert 
                  Davie 
               



             came and ask'd me, if the four persons had been there. I told him they had, but we had not agreed about the teeth. Upon which he ask'd me what I would give. I said, not above 1 s. 6 d. a pound. By and by comes Penprise and Faulkner, they had been over and weigh'd them, and brought me a note of the weight, which was near 400 pound weight, there wanted I believe about seven or eight pounds of it. I ask'd what they would have for them. They all agreed I should have them at my price, then I paid them twenty guineas. I told them, I had no more money in the house, but in a day or two, I would pay them the remainder. They left word, if Davie should come, or any single person, I was not to pay any money, except there came two persons. I said, I should do as they ordered me. About a day after, Davie came and told me, he was come for the rest of the money. I told him, I had an order from the other men, not to pay the money, except there came two together. He said he wanted money, upon which I gave him two guineas in part He said, if I would go with him to the Fox, in Fox Lane, Parker was there, then I might pay the whole. I went with him, there Parker agreed I should pay him the money, so I paid him six guineas more. I paid in all 29 l. 8 s. the value of the goods at 1 s. 6 d. per pound. Then I went to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Crawford 
               



            , he said he would sell them for me.
Q. Did Parker take any of the money?
Roof. He was standing by Davie when I paid the money, but I don't know who took it up.
Q. What sort of teeth were these ?
Roof. They call them Gamboe teeth. They are an inferiour sort.
Davie's Defence.
I have often carried Roof by water. He put the question to me one day, that if I would look after Faulkner and Watson, he would give me five pounds; and said, if I would not it should be the worse for me.
Both 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]




[No punishment. See summary.]


