





68. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Adams 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, val. 27 s. a pair of knit breeches, val. 10 s. three holland shirts, val. 30 s. one silk waistcoat, val. 5 s. one allapeen waistcoat, val. 5 s. with one pair of worsted stockings, and a hat, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Marshall 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house
             of 
               
                  John 
                  Adams 
               



            , Nov. 7
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Marshal 
               



            . I lodge in the house of one 
               
                  John 
                  Adams 
               



             an apothecary in Parkers-lane Drury-lane


, the prisoner was servant
 to Mr. Adams, he had lived with him about half a year. On the 7th of November, at seven o'clock in the morning, I went out and locked my room door, and left the key in a private place where I had for two years past, for the maid to find it to make the bed. When the maid got up, she found the door open and the things gone; I suspected the prisoner and took him; the two pair of stockings were found upon him, he had one pair on, and one pair in his pocket: I found the coat and breeches in Lombard-court seven dials, by the prisoner's direction. He made a confession of all the night he was taken up; I found the three shirts at a pawnbroker's in Queen-street seven dials; all the other things he had disposed off.
Q. Did he confess he took the goods?
Marshal. He said the night he was taken, he took them out of the room, but after he had been in custody some time, he said there were two more accomplices, a man and his wife.


                  Alexander 
                  Cornelia 
               



            . I was constable of the night. On the 8th of November, between twelve and one o'clock, the prosecutor brought the prisoner to me, and charg'd him. I ask'd him of what, he said the prisoner had found means to get into his room, and steal his things: I ask'd him if there was any thing about the prisoner that was his, he said there was a pair of stockings on his legs; I had him search'd, and we found these stockings upon him (producing them) which he owned to be the prosecutors. I carried him then from the watch-house to the round-house; he there said, he hoped I would be merciful to him: He would not confess he had any accomplices.
Q. Where are the goods, mentioned at the time the prosecutor charged you with him?
Cornelia. He told me he had found means to get at the key of his room, and had robb'd him of every thing he had but what he had on his back, but did not mention any particular thing; but the next day before the justice he mentioned most part of them, there was a search warrant granted, and I went by the prisoner's directions and found these goods (producing them.)


                  John 
                  Moore 
               



            . I am a salesman, and bought the coat and breeches of a man very like the prisoner at the bar, but cannot take upon me to swear it was the prisoner, I gave thirty shillings for them.
Eliz. Dorton. I am a lodger in the house, and can swear that these shirts are Mr. Marshal's, and so are these stockings (looking at them.)
Prisoner's defence.
These things were brought to me out of the room by a woman that works there sometimes.




               Guilty thirty nine shillings
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


