





382 (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Welch 
                  



               
            , was indicted, for 


               that he, together with 
                     
                        Hugh 
                        Kelly 
                     



                  , not yet taken, did steal 5 pair of worsted stockings, value 4 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , Oct. 20
. ++


                  Rebecca 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Moses 
                  Smith 
               



            ; we live in Alderigate-street


; I keep a stocking-shop
. The prisoner came into our shop last Monday night, along with another man, at almost nine o'clock; they came with a pretence to buy; I showed them several parcels; they were very difficult; I then began to suspect them; I was not showing them no more. Then he, that is not taken, took up two pair of stocking, and ran away with them; as soon as he was gone out, the prisoner took up three pair, and with his hand knock'd out the candle, and than ran away.
Q. Did you ever see your stockings again ?
R. Smith. I have, the three pair the prisoner took away (producing them,) they are my property. The prisoner was taken by Mr. Parry, and brought back, and the stockings. We took him before the sitting alderman Guild hall; there he was charg'd with stealing them. He said very little for himself.
Q. What did he say?
R. Smith. He own'd it.
Q. What were his words?
R. Smith. He said he should not have done it if the other had not began first.


                  John 
                  Parry 
               



            . On Monday night I was passing by the house where the fact was committed; being intimate with Mr. Smith, I went in; I saw the prisoner and another man in the shop; the other man crowded by me with a pair or two of stockings in his hand; then I saw the prisoner with his right hand sweep the stockings, paper and all, off the counter; he struck the candle out, and then went to run away. I clasp'd him in my arms he tripp'd up my heels, and I fell and got some hurt; he fell as well as I, but got up and ran; I recovered myself and pursued him up Little-Britain, with the cry, Stop thief, and near the pump I lost fight of him; I believe, for about a moment. I saw two or three people had hold of the prisoner. I bid them hold him fast, and said, he was a thief, and had robb'd a shop. There was a young man who pick'd up two pair of stockings near the kennel, and delivered them to me, and I brought them and the prisoner back to the prosecutor's house.
Court. Look upon the stockings; are these the same?
Parry. To the best of my knowledge these are the same. There came in a gentleman, as the prisoner was a running by him, he struck him, and drop'd a pair of stockings, which were pick'd up and brought and delivered to the prosecutrix.
Q. Was you before the alderman?
Parry. I was. The prisoner said to me his accomplice was after him five or six days together after he had done work, to go with him a robbing, and that he never was guilty of such an action before, (and I really think he never was.)
Q. Did you hear him own it?
Parry. I did; and when he was brought back into the shop, he offered to leave his coat for the damage done.
Prisoner's defence.
Half what he says is false.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


