








66, 67, 68, 69. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clark 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten pair of shoes, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Conner 
                  



                
            , Jan. 2


. and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Newton 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving two pair of the said shoes
            ; 
               

                              Charles 
                              Gorley 
                           



                        
                     
                   and Elizabeth
                   his 
                  wife





            , for 


               receiving seven pair of the said shoes; each well knowing them to have been stolen
            .* 
Thomas Conner. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clark 
               



             is my apprentice. I can only say the shoes mention'd in the indictment were my property.


                  Mary 
                  Conner 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. Last Monday was se'n-night, about seven at night, I sent Clark up stairs, and hearing the water coming in, call'd him down to save some. Mrs. Burket said to me when he was gone out, there is a budget of something stands out under the boy's coat. I call'd him back in a hurry, under a pretence to send him for a halfpenny worth of snuff. He went for the snuff, and I followed him till he came home, to see if he did not put any thing out of his pocket. At his coming in he pull'd the door from the wall, and threw something down. Mrs. Burket call'd for a candle, and we went and found a pair of shoes behind the door in the entry; then I sent him up stairs, and followed him. I took up a pair of shoes from one of the men's seats where they work, and ask'd how they came there. Newton made answer, that they were a pair of shoes that I had sold the week before, and they were brought to him to have some sprigs put in them. The next morning I call'd Clark down to open shop, and talk'd with him two hours, and then I sent for a constable. Then he said he would confess all, if I would not let the constable come. Then he said there were two pair up in the garret, and one pair Newton had carried to pawn the night before, and was just come back when he went up stairs from fetching the snuff, and that he had stole two pair on the Sunday was se'n-night before, which he said 
               
                  Charles 
                  Gorley 
               



             had had of him, and that he had taken four pair more. After that I went up stairs with Clark, and bid Newton give me the shoes he had taken. Newton took out a pair from each side pocket. Then I said give me the other pair you have got; he said he had carried them to pawn. The boy took 18 d. out of his pocket, and said Newton had a shilling of what they were pawn'd for. Newton took the 18 d. and went and fetch'd the shoes home again
Deborah Burket. On Monday night was se'nnight as I was sitting in Mrs Conner's room, I observed the boy to have something concealed in the skirt of his coat, and told Mrs. Conner of it; he was gone out of the room, she call'd him back, and order'd him to go and fetch some snuff; she laid hold of his arm, but he would not come in; he ran away, and she after him. As he came in again he pull'd the passage door from the wall, as it was open, and I saw him stoop and throw something behind it. His mistress followed him. I went, and we found a pair of shoes behind the door. The next morning I heard the boy own he stole them.
Clark's Defence.
I should not have been guilty of it, if Newton had not prompted me on to do it.
Newton's Defence.
I don't chuse to plead till I have the goods that I am charged with.
Court. What do you mean by that?
Newton. The goods are brought here against me in order to prosecute me, and till such time that the goods are in my hands, I will not plead.
Clark and Newton 

               Guilty
            .
Gorley and his wife 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


