





321. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bright 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 160 pounds weight of lead, val 12 s. fixed to a certain dwelling house
             belonging to the Right Honourable
 the 
               
                  Earl
                   of Thanet
               




            , June 18
, ++


                  Thomas 
                  Shirman 
               



            . I had the key of an empty house of the Earl of Thanet's, which is about the middle of Cow-lane


, I was called up by 
               
                  Ralph 
                  Boz 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Jenkins 
               



             about 3 o'clock on Thursday morning last to go there; I went: when I had unlocked the door it was bolted at the bottom within side: then they got a ladder and got in at the one pair of stairs window, and opened the door, there they had got the prisoner. I went down into the cellar, there I saw five parcels of lead rolled up, there was 162 pounds weight of it, we could not find any Tools. On the Tuesday following we went up to the top of the house and took the lead and compared, which fitted and appeared to be fresh cut.


                  Ralph 
                  Box 
               



            . I am Beadle, Jenkins the watchman came to the watch-house at almost 3 o'clock and told me he had seen a head out at a window at the empty house before mentioned. I went and called up Mr. Shirman, he took the key and went with me to the house. The rest as the former witness.


                  John 
                  Jenkins 
               



            . I am a watchman in Cow-lane; after I had beat my rounds on Thursday morning. coming up to my stand about a quarter after 2 o' clock, turning to go into St. John's court, there stood a Man about ten yards from a cellar window: he said, come-up, but he pushed off directly. I saw a head out at the window, and he saw me, and drawed back again. I said I'll have a knock at you. Then we got the key and went to the house. The rest as the other two, with this addition. The prisoner said he and the other Man that ran away came there to sleep, and that a brewer's servant found another piece of lead in the street, which was compared also and fitted as the rest.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went there to sleep.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


