





433. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Winter 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, val. eighteen pence , the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wiggington 
                        




                      
                  , secretly from his person
            , June 14
.


                  John 
                  Wiggington 
               



            . Mr. Gohl and I were going through Aldgate


, on the 14th of June about eight in the evening, just as we had got through a gentleman asked if either of us had lost any thing, I missed my handkerchief, it was found upon the ground under the prisoner's feet. One Mr. Stronginthearm had the prisoner by the hand: the evidence will give the court a more clear account about it. There is a mark on the handkerchief by which I know it.


                  John Christopher 
                  Gohl 
               



            . I was in company with the prosecutor and Mr. Stronginthearm, we no sooner got out of the house where we had been drinking, but Mr. Stronginthearm saw two men in pursuit of the prosecutor; he immediately called to me, and said, Gentlemen, have you lost any thing? Then I saw Mr. Wiggington's handkerchief one part under the prisoner's feet, the other corner he held in his hand under his coat. When we searched him there were more handkerchiefs found upon him.


                  Thomas 
                  Stronginthearm 
               



            . The last witness called upon me, we had been drinking, when we parted I saw the prisoner Winter jump out of Shoemaker-row, he had a partner with him, they followed them close under the arch in Aldgate; I followed the prisoner and his companion close almost through ; the Prisoner turned upon me, I suspected he had got his prey, so I called to my friends; Mr. Gohl said he had got his handkerchief, but the prosecutor replied I have lost mine. I had got the prisoner by the hand; I cast my eye under his foot and there lay the handkerchief; the prosecutor said it is mine, and I will prosecute him cost what it will.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to seek for work, when I went through Aldgate I saw a lad in a blue coat drop something, then the gentleman came and laid hold of me.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


