







230, 231. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Cannon 
                  



                
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of women's stays, one metal candlestick, one linnen shift, one cardinal, one copper sauce-pan, one lawn apron, one lawn garment, call'd a sack; one stomacher, one pair of ruffles, one lawn handkerchief, one pair of silver buckles, set with stones; and one pair of shoes
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Lawson 
                  



                
            , spinster
: and 
               
                  Rebecca, wife of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Parsons 
                     







            , for 


               receiving the metal candlestick, cardinal, shift, sauce-pan, apron, stomacher, and sack; well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; June 2

. +


                  Mary 
                  Lawson 
               



            . I live at a Cheesemonger's, near Exeter-Change, in the Strand



; in lodgings.
Q. What business are you of?
Lawson. I am a Mantua-maker
 by trade.
Q. What rooms have you there?
Lawson. I have a first floor there; 
               
                  Anne 
                  Cannon 
               



             was my servant
.
Q. How long had she been your servant ?
Lawson. She came on the Tuesday, and went away on the Friday after.
Q. What day of the month?
Lawson. I do not know the day of the month.
Q. How long is it ago?
Lawson. It is not much more than a month ago.
Q. How did you hire her; by the year, or month ?
Lawson. I hir'd her no farther, than from week to week.
Q. What was your business for a servant?
Lawson. I have business for a servant, to clean my room; I do not put out any thing to be done, I wash, and iron, at home; but can't do that myself, nor clean rooms.
Q. What was you to give her per week?
Lawson. I was to give her 2 s. per week.
Q. How many rooms have you?
Lawson. Four, in all; I miss'd the things in the indictment, and found them by her directions.
Q. Name them?
Lawson. A pair of stays, a pair of shoes, a stomacher, a pair of lawn ruffles, a candlestick, a copper sauce-pan, a shift, a cardinal, a pair of stone-buckles, set in silver; a lawn apron, with a lace on it; a white long lawn sack, a Genting handkerchief; she went away before I was up.
Q. Where did you find her?
Lawson. At the house of Mr Walker.


                  George 
                  Walker 
               



            . I live Red-lyon-court, near Drury-lane; I am a Constable: I was call'd from my house, to the Bull-and-mouth, Drury-lane, on the second of June, by the man of the house; 
               
                  Anne 
                  Cannon 
               



             was stopp'd there, for stealing a pair of sheets, from one Conolly; I took her away to Mr Welch's; he not being at home, she begg'd the favour of staying 'till he came home; I took her back to my house, and kept her there 'till after dinner; in the mean time, Mrs Lawson came to my house, to enquire after 
               
                  Anne 
                  Cannon 
               



            : she went up stairs to her, and challeng'd her with a pair of stays which she had then on, as soon as she went into the room; and also a cap, and ask'd her where her shift was: she own'd to every thing that she ask'd her after, and told her where they all were.
Q. Where did she say they were?
Walker. She said they were all at Mrs Parson's in Gray's-Inn-lane; except the stays, buckles, and cap.
Q. What is Mrs Parsons?
Walker. She sells old cloaths, in Gray's-Inn-lane: I went to Mr Welch, and got a search-warrant; and Mrs Lawson and Cannon went with us: Cannon ask'd for the things she had sold her, which Mrs Parsons produc'd: Produc'd in court, and depos'd to. 
               
                  Anne 
                  Cannon 
               



             said, she had sold the things for 10 s. to Parsons.


                  Grace 
                  Williams 
               



            . Cannon told me, that one 
               
                  George 
                  Griffin 
               



             gave her the buckles; and she desir'd me to go and pawn them for her; which I did, for six shillings, to one Beesly; and I brought her the money. Produc'd in court, and depos'd to.
Q. to prosecutrix. What are all these goods worth?
Prosecutrix. Twenty shillings.
(Cannon said nothing in her defence.)
Parsons call'd 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dutton 
               



            , of Gray's-Inn-lane, Spread-eagle-court; who had known her two years, and gave her a good character; who call'd herself a Dealer in old Cloaths; and said, she would not give above six or seven shillings for the whole of the goods bought by Parsons: and 
               
                  George 
                  Hammon 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Kelly 
               



            , who both gave Parsons a good character.
Cannon 

               Guilty
            .
Parsons 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


