





460. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Fourcauzey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-five pounds of whalebone, val. 6 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jones 
                        




                      
                  , privately, in the warehouse of the said John
            , June 27
.


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I live in Beaufort Buildings


. I thought I often missed whalebone, but did not find it out till the 27th of June. I was gone that day to Chelsea; when I returned I was informed that I had been robbed by my other servants of a quantity of bone, they could not tell by who. There came in 
               
                  Henry 
                  Archer 
               



            , who told me he saw the prisoner with some bone on his back, all dirty. I went and got a warrant, and then went to the alehouse in Change Court, where he lodged. I took him before Justice Fielding; he owned nothing. This was on Saturday, and on the Monday after came a porter. (He is since dead of the small pox.) Then Mrs. Taylor, behind St. Clement's church, came and said, she had some whalebone, and a letter, which she said she had received; it is directed to her, at the Little Blue Anchor. She said she bought the goods of the prisoner. I missed twenty-five pounds, and this weighs twenty odd pounds. Produced in court.


                  Mary 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I live on the backside St. Clement's, and am a piece-broker. I know the prisoner, and have bought goods of him; I bought this whalebone of him. It was advertised the 30th of June; I bought it the Saturday before; it was brought by a porter in soldiers cloaths; the prisoner came with him. I asked him whether he came honestly by it, he said he had it to sell for one in the Strand; it weighed twenty three pounds and a half, the half pound I did not pay for. Two men brought me a letter on Sunday night; I do not know who wrote it. After hearing it was advertised, I went to Mr. Jones, and told him I had bought some bone at that time.


                  William 
                  Naylor 
               



            . I am very well acquainted with the prisoner's hand writing, and have seen him write scores of times. (He looks at the letter.) Upon my oath I can say this is his hand writing. He wrote sometimes large, and sometimes small.
Q. to Mrs. Taylor. Do you know this letter?
Mrs. Taylor. This was brought to me by two men on Sunday night.
The letter read to this purport:
To Madam Taylor, at the Small Blue Anchor, behind St. Clement's Church.
June 28, 1752.
Madam,
I desire you will keep yourself to yourself, according to the bone you received of me last Saturday, and say you know nothing of the matter, nor will know any thing of the matter, and I will be bound never to bring any thing that will prove any thing against you, as it will be advertised.
Yours to command, P. F.
Q. from prisoner to 
               
                  William 
                  Naylor 
               



            . Did not you come to me, and desire me to write a letter for you about being bail for you.
Nailor. I did.


                  Henry 
                  Archer 
               



            . I saw the prisoner on a Saturday, betwixt twelve and one in the day, about fifty yards off Mr. Jones's warehouse back door, with some whalebone on his back.
Q. How long was it before you heard Mr. Jones had been robbed ?
Archer. About two hours. It was long slips, he had it on his shoulder, with both his hands round it; it was like this bundle here produced. He turned round towards Charing Cross.


                  Moses 
                  Nevil 
               



            . I had the care of my master's warehouse the 27th of June. Betwixt ten and eleven o'clock that morning, I locked the door, and delivered the key.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw the woman before that says I sold her the whalebone. I was at the back of this warehouse, but it was to get a person to be bail for Nailor. He called ten persons to his character, who gave him a very good one.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


