






212. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Frost 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he did designedly and knowingly obtain from 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Preist 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Shaw 
                        



                      
                  , goldsmiths

 and partners

; one silver tea-kettle, value 50 l. with intent to defraud them of the same
            , Dec. 20
. ++


                  William 
                  Preist 
               



            . I am a goldsmith. About the 14th or 15th of December last, the prisoner came to my house, and ask'd me to lend him a silver tea-kettle and stand to shew to a customer. I told him I had never one that I could spare. He said he had seen one at my house the other day, and he should be glad if I could lend him that I said I had promis'd it to a gentleman; he said if I would do him the favour in lending it him, I might depend upon having it in a few hours. I said why do you come to me, having a great many at your own home? his answer was, mine was of a different shape from his, and it would be a variety. I let him have the kettle and stand, and he took them away with a promise to return them in two hours; but before he went out, I told him I could not part with them, and did not weigh them to him; and said he must not let them go upon any account. I went to his house the following day, he was not at home; when I saw him, which was two or three days after, I ask'd him how he could serve me so, in keeping the kettle so long; and ask'd him for them. He said I am sorry I should disappoint you in this manner; but if you will stay till the afternoon, I'll go to the gentleman and bring it to your house, he not bringing it, the next day I went to him again, and then he said the gentleman was out of town, and his butler had inform'd him that he would not be in town till the Thursday following. Not bringing it on that Thursday, I went to him again; then he said he would go to the gentleman that afternoon, and inste ad of coming to me, he sent me a line that the gentleman would not be in town that day.
Q. How soon after this did you hear of your kettle?
Preist. I did not hear of it till after the prisoner became a bankrupt. He came a few days after to me, and said he had seen a silver table, and desir'd the favour of me to let him have that to shew to a gentleman, (that was about twenty-three pounds value) he said he'd return it in two or three hours. I let him have the table, but told him I had dispos'd of it to a gentleman. Instead of returning with that, he carry'd and pledg'd it to Mr. Rochfort, in Covent-garden, where I found it.
Q. Where did you find the tea-kettle and stand?
Preist. At Mr. Price's on Snow-hill. The prisoner told me he had pawn'd them there, and Mr. Price says he has a tea-kettle and stand, which he took in of the prisoner, which are the same weight of mine, but he will not deliver them.
A search warrant and officer is sent to fetch them.
Cross examination.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner?
Preist. I have known him about a year.
Q. What is he ?
Preist. He is a goldsmith.
Q. How came you first acquainted with him?
Preist. Through Mr. Gladwin, a goldsmith, his father-in-law; he brought him to my house.
Q. For what purpose was it that he introduc'd him?
Preist. I apprehend it was to carry on the scheme he has been guilty of.
Q. Did the prisoner keep a public shop?
Preist. He did in Cornhill, and he ow'd me a great deal of money at the time he came for the kettle.
Q. Is it not usual, in the way of trade, to borrow goods of one another to shew or sell?
Preist. Yes.
Q. Did you let him have it as in the common course of dealing, as one silversmith lending to another?
Preist. No, I did not lend it him to take to pawn.
Q. If he could have sold it had you any objection to that?
Preist. I had an objection. I let him have it to oblige him, that he might shew the gentleman as great a variety as he could; if the gentleman had lik'd it, he might have had another made to match it.
Q. Have not you receiv'd several sums of money of him?
Preist. I have receiv'd five guineas, and five pounds eight shillings.
Q. Have you not receiv'd money of him since the tea-kettle and stand were deliver'd to him?
Preist. I don't know that I have.

Q. In the common course of dealing, do you charge him debtor for them in your book?
Preist. I never charg'd it, it never was set down to him.
Q. If you had wanted the same, would he not have lent them to you, if he had had such?
Preist. I apprehend he would.
Q. If the plate is not return'd, don't you expect the value of it return'd?
Preist. Yes; but that was not to be dispos'd of. I expected that again.
Q. When did he become a bankrupt?
Preist. He was prov'd a bankrupt the 7th of January last.
Q. Was this prosecution begun before or after he became a bankrupt?
Preist. It was not begun till after. I did not know that I had been cheated out of it till after that.
Q. How long had he been in trade?
Preist. About four or five months.
Q. Might not you have charg'd this as a debt?
Preist. I prov'd my debt under the statute, but I did not consider this as a debt.
Q. Have you a partner?
Preist. I have. His name is 
               
                  William 
                  Shaw 
               



            .


                  Charles 
                  Dunkerly 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Shaw and Mr. Preist. I was present when Mr. Frost came and had the tea-kettle and lamp away; which was about the eighteenth or twentieth of December. They never were set down to him in the book, being to be return'd in so short a time.
Q. Did you hear the conversation that pass'd upon it?
Dunkerly. He came and said he wanted to borrow a chased tea-kettle and stand to shew to a customer. Mr. Preist was above stairs, he came down and said, what makes you borrow of me, when you have so many of your own? He said it will make a variety, and promis'd to return it in an hour's time, and tied it up in a handkerchief and carried it away, and I never saw it since. The prisoner came to our house several times after that, and said the family, where he had left it, were out of town; and he believ'd they would not be in town till after Christmas, and he wrote a letter to Mr. Preist to that purport.
Cross examination.
Q. Whether it is not customary to lend goods to a Brother trade to sell?
Dunkerly. This was lent to shew, but with a promise of being return'd again in two or three hours, because it was sold to another gentleman.
Q. Whether that is not the method, if goods are not sold, to make the person debtor in the book?
Dunkerly. Yes; but this was an unfinish'd thing and not deliver'd for sale.
Q. to Preist. Do you know this hand-writing?
(The letter produc'd.)
Preist. This I believe, upon my oath, to be Mr. Frost's hand-writing.
Q. Have you seen him write?
Preist. I have.
Q. What day was it that the prisoner had the tea-kettle?
Preist. I can't take upon me to say the exact day; it was about a fortnight before Christmas.
(The letter read to this purport.)
Cornhill, Jan. 5, 1757.
Mr. Preist, Sir,
I sent for the kettle and stand; the family is out of town, where I left it with the butler, who will be at home to-morrow, and you may depend on having it,
Sir yours, 
               
                  John 
                  Frost 
               



            .
Preist. The date should have been fifty-eight, it could not be fifty-seven. For I have not been acquainted with the prisoner so long as Jan. 57.


                  Michael 
                  Beadle 
               



            . I live servant to Mr. Price, a pawnbroker, on Snow-hill. (The tea-kettle and stand produc'd.)
I remember this tea-kettle and stand being brought to pawn, by the prisoner at the bar, about six or seven months ago. I can't tell the day, he said they were his own.
Q. Do you not enter things in your book?
Beadle. We do; but my master is out of town.
Q. When did he go out of town?
Beadle. Yesterday.
Q. How came you to send an impudent answer to this court?
Beadle. I did not.
Mr. Owen and Mr. Brent, two sheriffs officers, depos'd that this witness told them, he should not trouble himself about them; his master was cut of town, and he should not send them.
Q. to Beadle. Were they pawn'd before or after Christmas?
Beadle. It was before Christmas.

Q. How long before?
Beadle. A month before, I believe.
Q. What was lent upon it?
Beadle. I can't tell.
Q. Can you get at your book?
Beadle. Yes.
Counsel. The subpoena was to bring the kettle and books.
Beadle. The gentlemen hurry'd me away, that I had not time.



               Guilty
            .
There was another indictment against him of the same nature, but the court judg'd it needless to try him upon that.




[Transportation. See summary.]


