





64. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Bockham 
                  



               
            , was indicted for that 


               he on the 23d of Dec
. about the hour of two in the night, on the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Flude 
                        




                      
                  , did break and enter, and steal from thence, two iron vices, val. 12 s. one iron back screw, one piece of iron burnisher, one pair of iron clams, one piece of iron, one brass coar, and two hammers
            ; the goods of the said Daniel. ++


                  Daniel 
                  Flude 
               



            . I live in Grub-street


. On the 23d of December, between the hours of one and two in the morning, I was called up by 
               
                  William 
                  Brimstone 
               



            , who told me I had been robbed, so I got up, and went down to the house, which I found broke open.
Q. Is it your dwelling-house?
Flude. I took it with an intent to live in it, but upon my marrying about the same time I went to live with my wife at a small distance from it; I found the door and window-shutter broke open, which were left safe over night when we left work; we missed an iron burnisher, a back-screw to a leath, a pair of iron clams, two hammers, and a brass core; some of them were taken out of the ground floor, and some from a two pair of stairs room. The prisoner having worked with me about a month before, and hearing he had been lurking about my door, I suspected him. One Mr. Seale, the prisoner's landlord, came to my house on Sunday about two o'clock, and asked me if I had been robbed by the prisoner; I went with him to the house of 
               
                  William 
                  Andrews 
               



            , in Great-Arthur-Street, where I found this piece of iron mention'd, which is part of a rest to a leath. (The back screw, a pair of clams, and a brass core, produced in court and deposed to ) I took the prisoner about eleven o'clock on the 24th day, and then asked him what he had done with the burnisher ; he told me he had thrown it away under the gateway belonging to a handkerchief printer in Chiswell Street; I went there and found it; at the same time he told me he had pawned the two vices to Mr. Pain at the Three Golden Balls in Golden Lane for half a crown; so I went there the next day to inquire for them, but he denied having them.
Q. Did you lie in that house?
Flude. No, I never did, I married soon after.
Q. When did you take it?
Flude. I took it on the 25th of March; I used to work in it.
Q. Do any of your servants lodge in it?
Flude. No, they do not.
Q. Do you dress your victuals in it?
Flude. No, we dress our victuals where I and my wife live.
Q. Was there a bed put up in it for your use?
Flude. No, there was not; there is a family lives in the first floor up one pair of stairs.


                  William 
                  Andrews 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner brought all the things that are produced here, except the burnisher, on the 24th of Dec. he said they were one Seale's where he lodged, a very honest man and uses such tools; I lent him, I think, 20 d. upon them, and he had some trifling things of Mr. Seale's out at that time.


                  Thomas 
                  Round 
               



             and 
               
                  Francis 
                  Stubs 
               



            , who work'd with the prosecuter, deposed to the making fast the door and window shutters over night between five and six o'clock.


                  James 
                  Orr 
               



            . I am an officer. The things were delivered to me; I heard the prisoner confess, as we were going before the justice, he did the fact.
Prisoner's Defence.
One 
               
                  David 
                  Lewis 
               



             desired me to go and pawn these things.



Guilty of felony.
Acquitted of the burglary .





[Transportation. See summary.]


