





57. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Radnall 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               that she, on the 26th of November
, about the hour of twelve at noon on the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Longstaff 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, no person being therein, and stealing out thence one linen shift, value 12 d. two linen aprons value 4 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 12 d.
             his property. +


                  Mary 
                  Longstaff 
               



            . My husband's name is Thomas, we live in Shoreditch


. On the 26th of November my husband and I went out between 9 and 10 o'clock, I locked the door and left no body in the house. I was sent for between 11 and 12, and told my house was broke open; I went home and found the prisoner in the house. There was a shift, two aprons, and a pair of stockings missing; I found she was stopped with the things upon her, and brought back with them.
Q. What part of your house was broke?
M. Longstaff. No part at all. I asked her how she got in, she said she could not tell; I asked her what business she had with my things, she said she could not tell.
Q. Where were the things when you went out and locked the door?
M. Longstaff. The stockings hung upon a line, my aprons were in a drawer, and my shift lay on a chair, all in the house.


                  Sarah 
                  Cowcroft 
               



            . I live over-against the prosecutor. Between the hours of 11 and 12 I saw the prisoner go up the alley, and go into the prosecutor's house, and soon came out again with the things in her apron. I went after her, and took hold on her, and asked her what she had got; she said she had nothing. I took her back, and she laid the things down; I then got assistance, and kept her there till the prosecutrix came home, who owned the things as her property.


                  Jane 
                  Frame 
               



            . I was in my mistress's kitchen, named ood, and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Cowcroft 
               



             called me out to assist her; I ran out after her, she ran and stopped the prisoner and brought her back, who put down the things, a shift, a coloured apron, a white apron, and a pair of stockings.


                  Thomas 
                  Archdeacon 
               



            . I am a headborough. The prosecutrix came to my house and told me she had been robbed, I went with her and took charge of the prisoner. I took these keys out of the prisoner's pocket, ( producing some. ) I took and tried them, and one of them opened the prosecutrix's door as well as her own key. (He produced the goods mentioned in the indictment.) These were delivered into my care before the justice.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Look at these goods.
Prosecutrix. They are my property, the same that I mentioned before, as having missed out of their places.
Q. to 
               
                  Jane 
                  Frame 
               



            . Are these the goods you saw the prisoner lay down.
Frame. They are.
Prisoner's defence.
I had drank part of four pints of twopenny, and was going to a house in order to sleep; but, at returning, a woman met me, and push'd me into that house. I had not been into that house before.
To her character.


                  Jane 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about three years. I never knew any harm of her.


                  Ann 
                  Turpin 
               



            . I knew her 8 or 9 years. I never knew any ill of her.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Parr 
               



            . The prisoner is my own daughter, and all the children I have in the world. She has behaved well. She is a quilter, and as hard a workwoman as any in the world.




               Guilty of felony only.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


