





352. (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Segwick 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing seventeen fowls, value 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Turner 
                        



                      
                   ; and one cock , value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Miles 
                  



                
            , July 19
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Turner 
               



            . I live at Edmonton ; I lost sixteen chickens and a hen; and a cock of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Miles 
               



            's, on the 19th of July. They were found upon the prisoner in a sack; the sixteen chickens he kill'd.
Q. Did he say which way he came by them?
Turner. He partly confessed it.
Q. How partly confessed it?
Turner. When I said I would swear I lost the fowls last night; no, said he, don't swear that; for it was this morning . I ask'd him where he lived? he said, somewhere in Shoreditch. And when justice Tashmaker ask'd him, why he cut the cocks spurs off; he said, because they should not fight . That same night he had called at my house for a glass of gin; I was in bed; I said, I should not get up to help him to any; he then went to the pump; I told the justice he pump'd three or four times ; he said, no, don't say so, it was but three times.
Prisoner. I don't know what he lays to my charge .


                  James 
                  Hodges 
               



             . On the 19th of July, the prisoner came to Enfield with some fowls in a sack , and offered the fowls to sale; some were dead, some pick'd, some not pick'd, and some alive. We imagined they were not honestly come by. I being a constable, they informed me of it; before I came, he was got out of the town; I took two or three men with me, and followed him; we found him, with the sack , in the fields, he had got a great bull-bitch with him; the prisoner was under a hedge, near a moat ; when he saw us he ran into the moat , and fell down over head and ears; I had a good deal of trouble to get him out; I carried him, and the fowls, to the justice's and Mr. Turner came, and own'd the fowls. The justice ask'd the prisoner, how he came by the fowls ? he said, he found them in a ditch; then he said, he found them in a barn, in the sack; then he said, his dog found them; then he said, he bought them for eight shillings; another time he said , he came by them by the way of cheapside; and he was in several stories. When we took him, he said, if there was not so many of us his dog and he would have cleared their way .
Prisoner . He and eight more men duck'd me in a pond.
Hodges. We did not duck him; he tumbled down in the water over head and ears, and would not come out for a good while.


                  Richard 
                  Miles 
               



            . (Produced a cock alive.) This is my cock; it walked at Mr. Turner's.
Q. to Hodges. Was this cock alive in the prisoner's sack?
Hodges. It was.


                  Richard 
                  Miles 
               



            . Mr. Turner sent me a letter, that he had lost my cock; but that they had got the thief. I went there, and carried my book with me. I keep a register of my cocks.
Q. Is he a game cock?
Miles. I don't know; I never fought him; his feathers were , many of them, pull'd out; and he was disguised so, that I was forced to apply to my register, and found him mark'd according to that. He was mark'd, In Right, Out Left, Right his Eye, Left Norrel . I keep cocks to oblige a friend with, captains of ships , and other gentle men .
Prisoner's defence .
I sell brick-dust in the winter-time ; I found this bag with thirteen dead fowls, and three live ones in it; I carry'd them to the brick-fields; I went and bought a pound of steaks from off a neck of mutton, which cost me two-pence. I shew'd the people what I had found; when I went to eat my steaks , they said, O, you rogue, there has been some hen-roost rob'd. I said, if there has I can't help that; and one of them, because I gave him none of my mutton steaks, took me up upon suspicion; I had no body with me but my bitch and my wife.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


