





254. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clark 
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for one pair of silver spurs, value 10 s. and two holland shirts, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Seymour 
                  




                
            , Esq
; May 4
. ||


                  Robert 
                  Seymour 
               



            . The prisoner was my servant
; he came into my service the 31st of March last, and left me on the 5th or 6th of June. I went out of town about the end of May, and returned the 5th of June. Complaints were made to me of several irregularities he had been guilty of in my absence: upon which I intended to have discharged him; but he saved me the trouble, for he ran away that day. He came once or twice to my house after this; but I had not any opportunity of speaking to him. He sent the keys on the 6th of June, which he had had in his charge, of the linen and other things, the cellars, and of his own room. Upon which, I examined my things, and found several missing, which I have not laid in the indictment; I have only laid the things I have found again. I apply'd to a magistrate, who granted a warrant to apprehend him: he was taken on the Tuesday following, and put into the Round-house. The constable shew'd me a paper, which he said the prisoner had wrote; the contents were, where I might find some of my things at some pawnbrokers. I went to the prisoner, and took him before a magistrate. The prisoner did not deny taking the things.
Q. What were his words?
Seymour. He said, when I mention'd the things that were missing, that part of the charge against him was true, and part false.
Q. Did he distinguish what part was true?
Seymour. He did not. A search-warrant was granted, and the constable went to the pawnbrokers mentioned in the paper, and the spurs, and two shirts were found, and the pawnbrokers came with them to the justices. (Produced in court, and deposed to.)
Q. By what do you know the shirts?
Seymour. I know them to be mine by the cloth, the make, and the mark.
Q. Where had they been used to be kept?
Seymour. In a drawer in my house.
Q. When did you see them last?
Seymour. I can't tell when I saw these particular shirts last.
Q. Were they in the drawer when you went out of town?

Seymour. I can't tell where they were particularly; nor do I know when he pawn'd them.
Q. Where were the spurs?
Seymour. They, with other plate, were deliver'd into his care, within a day or two after he came into my service.
Q. Had you seen them after you deliver'd them into his care?
Seymour. No: I had not, from that time, till they were found at the pawnbrokers.
Q. In what capacity was the prisoner with you.
Seymour. He was my footman.


                  John 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I am constable; Mr. Seymour sent for me last Sunday was three weeks, about ten o'clock. He told me his servant had robbed him of these things.
Q. Where does Mr. Seymour live?
Lewis. He lives in Mount-street, by Grosvenor's-square. He gave me a warrant, and said the man was gone away; and I took him near Kilbourn turnpike, in a field, making of hay; and told him I had a warrant against him for robbing his master.
Q. Did Mr. Seymour tell you what things he had lost?
Lewis. No; he had not then. There were several things put in the warrant; the prisoner began to swear, and said, if he had known of the warrant, he would have been an hundred miles off: I brought him to our round-house; he told me where the things, were pawn'd, and gave me a paper, where to find them, but could not tell the pawnbrokers names; the silver spurs were pawn'd in Tyburn-road, two shirts and two stocks in another place, and a pair of buckskin breeches at another place. Then I went and acquainted the prosecutor with it; we took the prisoner to justice Fielding; there was justice Beedwell and Mr. Clark, who examined him; he was committed to the Gatehouse for farther examination. Then I had a search-warrant put in my hand to go and search for the things, and the prisoner went with me, by order of the justice. We went first to a place near Carnaby-market, where he said he had pawn'd the breeches; the prisoner said there, he delivered them to a girl, but they denied knowing any thing of them; then we went to 
               
                  Francis 
                  Parry 
               



            's, where we got the two shirts and two stocks.
Q. Where does he live?
Lewis. In Shepherd's-street, by Hanover-square; after that, we went to Mr. Cock's, in Tyburn-road, and there found the silver spurs; the pawnbrokers went with us before the justice with the things.


                  Anne 
                  Parry 
               



            . I live in Shepherd's-street, am wife to 
               
                  Francis 
                  Parry 
               



            ; the prisoner brought two shirts, and pawn'd them with me; one on the 3d of April, and, I think, the other on the 30th of March, one for 5 s. the other for 6 s.


                  William 
                  Cock 
               



            . I live in Oxford-road. (He takes the spurs in his hand ) I believe these are the spurs the prisoner pawn'd with me, which I delivered to the constable, and which he kept two days, and delivered to me again.
Q. to constable. Are these the spurs this evidence delivered to you?
Lewis. I received a pair of silver spurs of this evidence, and kept them two days, and delivered them to him again.
Q. to Cock. Are these the spurs he delivered to you after the two days?
Cock. They are the same.
Prisoner. To be sure; I did pawn the things where the gentleman mentions.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


