





308. (M.) 
               
                  Anne, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Davis 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing two laced caps, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gatliffe 
                  




                
            , July 20
. +


                  Catherine 
                  Gatliffe 
               



            . My husband's name is Thomas, we live at the Jacob's well, in Shoreditch


; the prisoner came to my house for a pint of beer, on the 20th of July, about half an hour past eleven o'clock in the fore-noon; after she was gone I missed two caps, I asked her about them, she said she knew nothing of them; but I found upon enquiry, that she had pawn'd them to Mr. Mattam, in Shoreditch.


                  John 
                  Mattam 
               



            . I am a pawn-broker; on the 21st of July the prisoner at the bar pawn'd 2 caps with me in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clark 
               



            , she said they were her own property.


                  Lydia 
                  Baymon 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; the prisoner came into the wash-house on the 20th of July, between 11 and 12 o'clock, I went and did draw her beer, and when I returned from the cellar with it she was in the drinking room reading the news paper; I was washing the caps and other things, in the wash-house, when she came in.
Q. Did she come into the wash-house?
Baymon. I did not see her in the wash-house.


                  Henry 
                  Haswell 
               



            . I am a peace-officer; I took the prisoner at the bar in custody on the 29th of August, and she was charged with stealing the caps which were found at Mr. Mattam's; she said they were her own property. (The caps produced in court and deposed to)
Prisoner's defence.
The caps are my own property.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


