





37. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Chinnery 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mug, value 30 s. one silver punch ladle, value 10 s. and one silver table spoon, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ramsey 
                  




                
            , Nov. 14
. +
Eliz. Ramsey. I am wife to 
               
                  James 
                  Ramsey 
               



            . The prisoner had been my servant
 4 days. On the 14th of Nov. I missed the things mentioned. She went away over-night. I went in pursuit of her, and found her. I asked what she had done with the things (mentioning them.) She told me, she had pawned the mug, and sold the spoon and ladle. She went with me to a pawn-broker, named Prenton: there I found the mug. From thence we went to Mr. White's, a silver-smith in Wapping-Street, where, they owned, they had the other things.
Will. Prenton. One 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Lyng 
               



             brought this mug to me (Producing a silver pint mug.)
Eliz. Adkerson. The prisoner and Lyng brought a punch-ladle and spoon to me, on the 14th of Nov. The prisoner had no hand in making the bargain. Mrs. Lyng said, They were honestly come by, and belonged to a creditable housekeeper. Mrs. White, my mistress, desired her to let me go with her to that house-keeper. She said, We need not doubt what she said; so I did not go. After that Mrs. Ramsey came, and the prisoner with her, and we delivered them up. (Produced in court.)
Q. to prosecutrix. Look at these things here produced. Do you know them?
Prosec. They are my property.


                  Margaret 
                  Lyng 
               



            . On the 14th of Nov. at 6 at night, the prisoner brought into my house a silver spoon and punch ladle; and said, A gentlewoman had given them to her to sell, and desired me to go along with her to sell them. Then she desired I would go along with her to pledge the mug. I said, Will it not bring me into trouble? She said, That will be fetched out on the morrow. Then I went with her to Mr. White's. I sold the spoon and ladle for 22 s. These are the very same produced here. I went with the prosecutrix and the prisoner to demand them.
Q. Was the prisoner with you when you pawned the mug to Prenton ?
Lyng. No, she was not; but I did it by her order.
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


