





267. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Bradford 
                  



               
             was 


               indicted on the coroner's inquest for slaying
            

                  Peter 
                  Boulton 
               




             . +


                  Peter 
                  Law 
               



            . On Sunday the 8th of June
, about six o'clock in the evening, I was at my master's shop, Mr. Hogath, an apothecary in Vigo-lane


. I saw the prisoner and the deceased 
               
                  Peter 
                  Boulton 
               



             at some distance from me. They had some words about eighteen-pence. I saw the deceased strike the prisoner; the prisoner returned it; they were parted. After that the deceased came and struck him again, the prisoner was taken from him a second time. The deceased stript himself, and ran to see for him again at a considerable distance. Then he returned and found him among the people, and struck him again. Then I was obliged to go into the shop.
Q. Did you see the prisoner strike the deceased?
Law. I did.
Q. What was the deceased?
Law. He was a chairman and soldier
. After he was dead I opened a vein.
Q. Did you see the prisoner strip'd?

Law. No, he was not when I saw them. I did not see the last of it; he did not chuse to fight, and said he would not fight.


                  Edward 
                  Winwood 
               



            . I saw a crowd of people. Presently I saw a man strike the prisoner; the prisoner struck him again. They were parted; he came at the prisoner again; then the prisoner upon that struck him again, when they were parted a second time. Then the chairman went into Swallow-street: presently he came back again, and said he would lick him. Somebody said the young man was gone cross Saville-row; the other ran with his arms open to the end of it, swearing he would lick him. At last he found the prisoner; the prisoner said he did not want to fight. The deceased struck at him, and gave him two or three blows in the face. Then they had two or three blows together; they were parted, and the company persuaded the prisoner to strip, and then he pull'd off his cloaths; and they had had but a few blows before the accident happen'd, the man was laid dead, but whether by a blow or the fall I know not.




               Guilty of manslaughter
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


