





147. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hewitt 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wells 
                  




                
            , March 13
. *
William Wells. I live in Stratford


. On the 13th of March last I was at work near my own house at three or four little houses; there were the prisoner and others at work also; my watch was hanging by the mantlepiece; it was missing, and at the same time the prisoner was absconded, on which I suspected he must be the person that took it, and I pursued and took him.
Q. How long before you missed it was it that you had seen it?
Wells. I had seen it about two hours before.
Q. How far was he got before you took him?
Wells. He was got to London; I found him in East-Smithfield; I taxed him with taking it; he told me he had pawn'd it to a person next door to the red-cross in East-Smithfield; I went with him there for it, and found it was pawn'd for a guinea; he had a little money left out of the guinea, which we offered to the pawnbroker for it, I not having enough about me to make it a guinea, the pawnbroker would not let me have it; I took the prisoner before the justice, and he was committed; and the justice granted me a warrant to fetch the pawnbroker.


                  Robert 
                  Ashbridge 
               



            . The prisoner pawn'd this watch to me on the 13th of March in the evening; I lent him a guinea upon it.
Q. Where do you live?
Ashbridge. I live in East-Smithfield. The watch produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Ashbridge. The prisoner said he was willing to serve his Majesty in any capacity he should be employed in.


                  Francis 
                  Egan 
               



            . I am a constable; on the day that Captain 
               
                  Halsey
               


             was hang'd at Execution-dock the prosecutor sent for me, he told me he had lost a watch, and he suspected the prisoner had taken it; I took him into a back-room, and he began to tremble; I told him I would be favourable if he would tell me where the watch was; then he own'd he had taken it, and had pawn'd it to the last evidence; we went there, and he would not deliver it without the money; we went with the prisoner to justice Fielding, and he sent for the pawnbroker and watch.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was at work at the next door to my prosecutor's; this watch lay in the street an hour and half before ever I took it; there were some children had been playing with it; but they were gone, and left all their play-things along with it; I have no friend any higher than Norwich.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


