





221. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Gaddard 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one fustian coat, value 10 s. one fustian waistcoat, value 5 s. one pair of fustian breeches, one linen shirt, one linen stock, one pair of cotton stockings, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Doland 
                        



                      
                  , one fustian frock, one fustian waistcoat
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     White 
                  



                
            , April 28
. ++


                  Daniel 
                  Doland 
               



            . I lodge in Market lane, St. James's


, the prisoner used to go in and out to clean the room, when we went out we used to hang the key where only Timothy White, that lodged in the same room, myself, the prisoner, and another woman knew of, they both lodged in the same house. We missed the things mentioned in the indictment, on the 28th or 29th of April, a coat and waistcoat of 
               
                  Timothy 
                  White 
               



            's, and a coat, waistcoat, breeches, shirt, and stock of mine. I took the prisoner up on suspicion, and brought her to justice St. Lawrance; she owned to the taking of the things mentioned, and cleared the woman that lodged with her; she told us where she had pawned them, we went, and the pawnbroker delivered up the cloaths to the constable.


                  Timothy 
                  White 
               



            . I lodged in the same lodging where Doland did; I lost a coat and waistcoat out of the room where I lodge, we used to leave the key for one another, the prisoner knew where it used to hang, which was the reason we suspected the prisoner; she was taken up, she confessed she had taken the things and pawned them, and told us where the pawnbroker lived; we went and found them; then we took her before the justice, and there she owned to the taking and pawning them.


                  Thomas 
                  Powell 
               



            . I am servant to the pawnbroker; the prisoner brought these cloaths to me on the 29th of April in the morning about ten o'clock (producing them, and deposed to by the respective owners).
Q. What did you lend her upon them?
Powell. I lent her thirty-shillings upon them.
Prisoner's defence.
These two young men came home fuddled, the next morning they came and asked me if I would go and pawn these things for them, which I did. I lived in the same house where they did. I pawned them to this Powell for twenty-five shillings, I brought the money to them and gave it to Doland.
Q. to Doland. Did you send the prisoner to pawn these things?
Doland. Upon my oath I never did send her to pawn any thing in my life.
Q. Did she deliver the money she pawned them for to you?
Doland. No, she did not.
Q. to White. Did you send her to pawn these, or any other goods?
White. No, I never did.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


