







33, 34, 35. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Aubery 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barker 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Maddor 
                  



               
            , were indicted for that 


               they, together with 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Burnet 
                     



                  , on the 30th of September
, about the hour of one in the morning, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Rebecca 
                           Lowe 
                        




                      
                  , widow, did break and enter, three loaves of bread value six-pence, and one slice of gingerbread value one-penny, the goods of the said Rebecca did steal
            . +


                  Rebecca 
                  Lowe 
               



            . I live in Chelsea


 parish, and keep a Chandler's shop
: I shut up my shop as usual between ten and eleven o'clock; on the 30th of Sept. last I went to bed, and was awak'd by a noise: I thought it was my cat making a rummaging in my shop: I got up and went a little way, but was afraid she should fly at me, so went to bed again; in the morning, between six and seven, I got up, and found my window broke, and a loaf of bread lying in the middle of the floor, and three loaves of bread and some ginger-bread were missing. The prisoners were all taken up on some other affair, and I had notice they had confessed this fact. I went to Tothilfields Bridewell, there I saw Watson the Evidence, and Barker; they both confessed this fact; Barker said, he broke my glass window with his elbow.


                  Thomas 
                  Midhurst 
               



            . I know Barker and Aubery, and when I heard they were apprehended I went to Bridewell with the prosecutrix. Watson the evidence, Burker and Aubery had first a design to break open my shop; I live near the prosecutrix; but through mistake broke open her shop. They confessed they twisted the pin of the window about till the key fell out, then they broke the glass and took out three loaves and one slice of gingerbread and ran away with them.
Q. What shop do you keep?
Midhurst. I keep a cloaths-shop.
Q. Had you known either of the prisoners before?
Midhurst. No, I never saw them till I saw them in Bridewell.
Q. How old do you take Barker to be?
Midhurst. I believe about 13 years of age.


                  Charles 
                  Wheeler 
               



            . I am under-turnkey to Tothilfields Bridewell; when two of the prisoners and evidence were sent to our place, Aubery call'd me on one side and told me of their breaking this shop open by him and four others, that is, the evidence and two other prisoners, with one Pen Burnet, that they intended to rob an old cloaths-shop at the upper end of Jews-Row, by Chelsea college, but they miss'd it, and happen'd on this chandler's-shop; Barker was by at the time, he said he was the first that put his hand on the pin of the window and turn'd it about till the key fell out; then they opened the window-shutter, and broke the glass with his elbow, and they took out some loaves and gingerbread; upon which I went to the woman's house and found she had been robb'd as they had said. Maddox was committed to Clerkenwell Bridewell, I never saw him till now; Barker was ask'd by many people his age, they wondering that so little a lad as he should be concern'd in such an attempt; he said he was above fourteen years of age.


                  John 
                  Watson 
               



            . The three prisoners, Thomas Pen Burnet and I, were drinking at the Red Lion in the Ambery beyond Tothilfields the 30th of September, till between 10 and 11 o'clock at night, when we all went out with a resolution to rob the first man we met; we went up the Willow-Walk and met no body that we thought would be for our advantage: then we went to where this woman lives, but our intention was to break open the house of Mr. Midhurst, because Pen Burnet said he knew the shop; we made a mistake and broke into Mrs. Lowe's house; we turn'd round the pin of the window and the key dropp'd out, then I took down the window-shutter, and Barker broke the window with his elbow, and took out a twopenny loaf and a piece of gingerbread; after that we got out two more, and roll'd one on the floor, then we went round the King's Road with them, with the same resolution to stop the first man we met, but met none that suited us.
Q. Where is Pen Burnet?
Watson. He is not taken.
Q. How old is Barker?
Watson. I don't know.
Q. How long have you known him?
Watson. About a year.
Q. What are you?
Watson. I am a carpenter and joyner, Aubery work'd at labouring-work
, Madox is a Shoemaker
, and Barker lives with his father and mother.
Q. When did you first come acquainted with Barker ?

Watson. By his being acquainted with some that I know, at a house in Drury-Lane, and the ship in Broadway.
Aubery had nothing to say in his defence.
Burker's Defence.
I have seen the evidence as he has gone along the streets, but never spoke to him in my life to my knowledge.
Maddox's Defence.
I was brought here unawares, and know nothing of it.
For Barker.


                  Jane 
                  Barker 
               



            . I am own mother to 
               
                  John 
                  Barker 
               



            , he is 13 years old next June; when I have sent him out on an errand, these lads have him away; he has behaved very well, and willing to save any body


                  Joseph 
                  Barker 
               



            . I am brother to 
               
                  John 
                  Barker 
               



            , I believe he will be 13 years of age the 20th of next June; my mother sending him out for sugar and butter for breakfast. with a shilling. he unfortunately met with these boys, who took him with them.
Aubery 


               guilty of felony only
            , Barker and Madox 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


