





357. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Holdstop 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one man's hat with a gold lace. value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , June 22
. ++
John Bradshaw I live with Mr. 
               
                  Peter 
                  Smith 
               



            , who keeps a Hatter's-shop
 the corner of Lloyd's coffee-house in Lombard street


, the same entry that leads into the shop, leads into the coffee-house; on the 22d of June, about nine in the evening, I had been casting up my cash, and some way or other I dropped the key of my till ; I took the candle from off the counter and stooped down to look for it, but could not find it; I then desired the boy who stood on the other side of the counter to look on his side, he did so, and we both looked together; while we were looking I heard a man with his feet padding in the passage, as though he was going into the coffee-house but stopped; I stedfastly look'd as I was behind the counter ; I saw the prisoner go out with his coat unbuttoned and shuffling under it ; just as he came over right me he dropped a plain hat from under his arm, he had never a one on; says the boy to me, sir, that boy has got a hat, are you sure of it says I, yes says he, I saw it under his coat, says I run after him, and stop thief; the boy ran and the prisoner made into Change alley, and the boy after him, calling out stop thief, he followed him into the alley, and there he was taken, he was seen to drop the hat from under his coat in the alley, but I was not out of the shop, so that I did not see him drop it; the hat was brought to me with the prisoner. (The hat produc'd in court, and depos'd to.) We took him before Alderman Ironside, and the prisoner denied that he took it; I swore to it's being the property of Mr. Smith, and then he was committed to the Compter.


                  Richard 
                  Thrum 
               



            . On the 22d of June, about 9 o'clock at night, as Mr. Bradshaw was settling his cash, I observ'd the prisoner come into the passage, I believe he did not go quite to the coffee-house, then he went out again, then he came in again, and as he came up the last time I turn'd my head, and the hat which was upon the counter but a little time before he came in, was gone, and he had got it shuffling it under his coat, and I saw him drop his own hat, and he kept the lac'd one; I saw a hit of it as he was putting it under his coat. I told Mr. Bradshaw of it, and directly as soon as the prisoner heard me tell Mr. Bradshaw, he ran away, Mr. Bradshaw desir'd me to run after him, I did, and lost sight of him at every corner I came to, but I cried stop thief! and he was taken.


                  George 
                  Milward 
               



            . I was standing talking in 'Change-alley, and saw the prisoner come running with a gold lac'd hat swinging in his hand. I saw him take it from under his coat, and heard the little boy cry stop thief ! I went to stop him and he threw the hat down, I pick'd it up and gave it to the little boy, and he gave it to a man to carry it to the shop


                  William 
                  Pointer 
               



            . As I was coming through 'Change-alley, on the 22d of June, about nine at night, I heard somebody cry stop thief! I saw a person coming without ever a hat, and a little boy pursued him; I took him just by Garraway's coffee-house, and he dropp'd a gold lac'd hat from out of his coat ; I took the hat and the prisoner over to Mr. Smith's, he said it was his, and I told him I saw it drop from the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence.
I am sensible my lord none of them can say they saw me take it; there was an out-cry of stop thief! and I got among the croud, so they took hold of me, and said, I stole the hat.
For the Prisoner.
Mr. Carrell. I have known the prisoner 3 years, and never knew any harm of him in my life.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Trout 
               



            . I have known the prisoner some time, he was an errand boy where my husband work'd, and I believ'd him to be a very honest man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


