





202. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Carrol 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one Silver Tankard, value 6 l.
             the property of  
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Peel 
                  




                
            , April 6th
 *.


                  Rachael 
                  Peel 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor, we keep a publick house
 at Leeds


, in Yorkshire, the prisoner pretended to be a soldier (but he was not) and brought a false billet to my house, and had quarters there, from Thursday to Monday. On the 6th of April, about 6 or 7 in the evening, he called for a tankard of beer, I filled it, and after that I never saw tankard nor him, 'till I came to London. We read yesterday was three weeks, in the Daily Advertiser, that it was stopp'd in London. We wrote up, describing the marks, and had word sent us, it was ours, so I came up.


                  Alexander 
                  Curry 
               



            . I was drinking a pint of beer in St. James's Street, the prisoner was there at the same time talking about a top of a tankard he said was sent to him, to get it melted down. I told him he'd loose by that, and said, I would either buy it, or get him a chap for it: I suspected it was not honestly come by, and therefore went immediately and got a warrant from Justice Manly. I took Mr. Tomb, the constable, with me, and we told the prisoner he was a Jew, and would buy it, if he had the body, but it was not worth while to buy that alone. Then he went with us into a room in Angel-court, St. James's ; there he took the body of the tankard from off a place, among some old rags. Then we discovered our intent, and took him before the justice. The prisoner said there, he bought it in Holland for 10 l. 15 s. at a place called Bushey, in Brahant. We searched him, and found a discharge from the army in his pocket, by the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            .


                  Peter 
                  Tomb 
               



            . I am constable, about the 5th or 6th of April, the last witness brought this top of a tankard to me, and told me his suspicions, &c. he went on, and confirmed the evidence of Curry, with this addition, that before the justice; the prisoner said his name was 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Carrol 
               



            , the tankard was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.
Prisoner's defence.
The man that came to London with me, is named Jones, he left the tankard in my care, and is gone on board a vessel.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


