





440. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Kelley 
                  



               
            , late of Fulham


, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Holland 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing from thence five copper sauce-pans, value 12 s. one brass saucepan and one brass kettle, value 12 d.
             the goods of the said Henry.

June 5
.


                  Henry 
                  Holland 
               



            . I live at Fulham. On Whitsun Tuesday morning my servant 
               
                  Ann 
                  White 
               



             got up before me. She called and said, my house was broke open; this was about four o'clock. I got up and found a window-shutter taken down, also a casement, where the thief got in, and the door was opened to go out again. I lost these things mentioned in the indictment. They were all in the house at night going to bed. I saying I had been robbed, a man came to me the next day and said, he saw the Prisoner at the bar with some sauce-pans in her apron. I inquired amongst the watermen, and found she was gone to London. About three days after, my man took her and brought her to Fulham; I went to her at the Constable's house, she had denied it for some time, but confest it to the Constable before I came, and after that to me; she said she had a fellow with her who got in at the window, and took the things and gave them to her, and that she had carried them to London, and sold them to a person who is now here to give evidence against her; and that if I would forgive her, she would pay me for them, or get them for me again.


                  James 
                  Baniman 
               



            . I am a broker, and live in St. Martin's in the Fields; the Prisoner at the bar sold me four copper sauce-pans, and a brass kettle at a market price; she told me they were her mother's and hers, and that they were going to remove farther off, so they would not pay carriage thither. I gave 10 d. a pound for the copper, and 6 d. for the brass ; I put them out at my door to sell, and the prosecutor came and owned them.
Q. What day did you buy them?
Baniman. She brought them about a month ago, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning.
Prisoner's defence. I bought these things of a stranger, and brought them to the last witness to sell, he did not ask me whether or not they were stolen.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


