





261. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Ryecroft 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing forty-five guineas, four moidores, three thirty-six shilling-pieces, and five shillings in money numbered
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Elgie 
                  




                
            , July 12
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Bennett 
               



            . I am the Coachman to the Lincoln and Peterborough-Stage. I was at our Inn, the Four Swans in Bishopsgate-street


, and I pulled out my money, and laid it down on a bench at the warehouse door.
Q. When was this ?
Bennett. On the 12th of July about eight in the morning.
Q. What was it in?
Bennett. It was done up in paper, in one of our coach bills. I had taken it out of a glove, and while I was looking upon a bill that I took out of my pocket-book, I quite forgot the money, and was got at a little distance from it, but soon returned, and it was gone.
Q. How long was you absent from the place ?
Bennett. I was not absent for above two minutes.
Q. How much money was there?
Bennett. There was fifty-eight pound six shillings. I brought it from my master Elgie in the country, he is the owner of the coach.
Q. Who took your money?
Bennett. I do not know. It was found in a room where the prisoner keeps the key, but I was not by at the time, the witnesses are here that found it.
Q. What is he?
Bennett. He was Chamberlain to the Inn.
Q. Have you got it again?
Bennett. I have.


                  George 
                  Norman 
               



            . On the 12th of July the Porter belonging to the Lincoln-Coach came to me and told me, the Coachman had lost some money at the Four Swans. Mr Grice, the master of the house, was not stirring. I desired he might be called up, for by the account the Porter gave, I thought it must be among the servants. Mr Grice got up, and we examined the Hostler's room and all the servants.
Q. Where do you live?
Norman. I keep the Bull-Inn in Bishopsgate-street, the coach comes one week to my house, and the other to the Four Swans. We could not find it. The Coachman offered a guinea reward, if they would let him have it again. The prisoner was examined, he said, he knew nothing of it. After that, Mr Grice desired the key of his room: then he and I went up stairs to the prisoner's room: he followed us. Mr Grice was examining the shoes and boots, to see if the money was there. The prisoner kept tumbling them about in a sort of confusion, flinging things about, and he hit me three or four times over the head with things. I said, what are you about, and looking up I saw a swelling in the bed's-tester. The prisoner was got up there. I saw him as it were pulling something towards him. I said, Harry, what have you got there. I know nothing at all of it, I know nothing at all of it, (said he) I never saw it in my life, upon which I snatched it from him. It was a bag. I delivered it to Mr Grice, he untied it, and there we found the money the Coachman had lost, with the paper it was in. I paid it away immediately to Mr Weston, at the Sun-Tavern, Milk-street, it was sent up for him. Here is a paper that I made a memorandum on of the particular pieces, forty-five guineas, four moidores, three thirty-six shilling-pieces, and five shillings. He produced the paper it was in.
Q. to Bennett. Look at this paper. -
Bennett. This is the paper that the money came up in (holding it in his hand).
Q. Did you see the prisoner at the time that the money was on the bench?
Bennett. He was at his work opposite the warehouse door; and when I returned, I asked him if he had seen any such thing on the bench, he said, no.


                  Thomas 
                  Grice 
               



            . Mr Norman sent my servant up to me to tell me the Coachman had lost some money. I came down and went to examining my servants. I asked the prisoner for the key of the Boot-Room, he being Chamberlain, keeps the key of that. We went up there. I told the prisoner I did not want him, but he followed us. He got up and flung something from off the bed's-tester, which hit Mr Norman's head; then Mr Norman jumped up on the side of the bed, and said, Harry, what is this here. Said Harry, I know nothing of it; I know nothing of it. Mr Norman took a bag from Harry and delivered it to me. It proved to be that paper that has been produced here and the money, which I told over and found it was all there.
Mr Weston. The Coachman brought this money from Peterborough in Northamptonshire, in order to pay it to me, fifty-eight pound, six shillings: it was paid to me, and Mr Norman in my presence, took down on a piece of paper the Number of pieces, forty-five guineas, and four moidores, three thirty-six shilling-pieces, and five shillings in silver.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming down stairs between seven and eight o'clock; the coachman came down on one side and I on the other; he bid me, good morrow; and I the same to him; he sat down upon the threshold of the door slipshod; he pull'd out an old glove and a parcel of money, and laid it by his side while he put his glove on; I did not see him pull out the money, neither did I see the money, but this he told the Alderman; I went up stairs to fetch a pair of shoes from a gentleman, when I came down he ask'd me if I had seen any money; I told him, no; presently my master ask'd me for the key of the room; I gave it him; my master searched the room all over; I never saw the money.
For the Prisoner.
Mr Starr. I live at the Vine, in Bishopsgate-street; the prisoner was servant to me five years; three years at one time, and two at another; he behaved extreamly well, and did not go away for any dishonesty; he behaved to the satisfaction of all the guests; he has very often brought things to the bar that gentlemen have made a mistake in, both money and other things.
Mr Lloyd. I lodge at Mr Starr's; I have trusted the prisoner with bags, containing bills and effects of three or four hundred pounds value at a time, and always behaved honest to me.
Prisoner. Please to call Mr Grice and Mr Norman.
Mr Norman. I always had a very good opinion of the prisoner for his honesty.
Mr Grice. The prisoner lived with me about six or seven months, I had a very good character with him from Mr Starr, and looked upon him to be a very honest man?
Q. Is the room, where the prisoner used to keep his things, always lock'd?
Mr Grice. Nobody ever had the key but himself; if he left it open, so be it, not else; it is common for him to keep it lock'd.
Q. Was it lock'd over night?
Grice. I cannot say whether it was or not, I found it lock'd.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


