





281. (M.) 
               
                  William 
                  Davies 
               



             was indicted for 


               that he on the 6th of March
, about the hour of one in the night of the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Stonach 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, 1 feather bed, value 10 s. 4 fustian curtains of a bed, 1 table clock, 1 looking glass, 1 iron grate, 1 pair of brass dogs, and 1 brass warming pan, the goods of the said James in his dwelling house, did steal, take, and carry away.
             *
James Stonach. My gardener came to me on the 7th of March last in the morning, and told me my garden-house at Pimlico


 was broke open. I went and found it so. I live in Westminster, and keep a maid servant in this house, and I go there in the summer time to lie as I think proper. I found the window was broke at the end of the house, and the shutter cut in three several places in order to get at the bar of the window. I missed a set of work'd curtains to a bed, a feather bed, a table clock, a alove grate, a brass sender, and two brass dogs, a sconce glass, a warming pan, and several other things not in the indictment, and I advertised them the next day. About the beginning of last month I was sent for by Mrs. Woodnut, a pawnbroker, who told me a man had brought two of the bed curtains, and the gilt sconce glass, to her house to pawn. I found there the curtains and the glass. She told me the man that brought them lived in Gardener's-Lane, Petty-France, at No. 13, where I found the prisoner, and several things belonging to me. The prisoner made great resistance, and it was with a great deal of difficulty he was secured, tho' I had two constables with me, but at last we got him into a coach, and carried him before justice Welch, where he confessed the fact. At first he said a man and his wife were concerned with him, but on the second examination he own'd he did it all himself.
Q. Were there any promises made to induce him to make this confession?
Stonach. No, none at all. He own'd he broke the house between 1 and 2 in the night, and lodged the goods in a cow house, till he could carry them to his own house.


                  Sarah 
                  Woodnut 
               



            . Early in the month of May the prisoner at the bar came to my house with a pair of bed curtains to pawn. I lent him but a trifle upon them, because I knew the goods to be the prosecutor's property, and I was glad to secure them for him, so I sent him word, and he came and own'd them.
John Sherwill the constable confirmed the account of taking the prisoner, and finding the rest of the goods.
Prisoner's defence.
A person brought these goods to my house, and my wife accidentally took them in while I was out. I had some money by me, and I brought the things; but wanting to make up some money for my landlord. I was obliged to pledge them.




               Guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


He was detained to be tried for a burglary in Surrey.
