





63. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Holland 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one feather, and flock bed, one boulster, one iron grate, one box-iron, two heaters, two linen sheets, one quilt, two blankets, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Turnbull 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, being goods let by contract, in her lodging room
            , Dec. 3
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Turnbull 
               



            . I live in White Lion-street, by the seven Dials


; I let a ready furnish'd room to the prisoner at the bar, a fortnight ago last Monday; there were the things in the room, mentioned in the indictment: I miss'd them out of the room, last Monday morning at one o'clock; the watchman call'd me up; there were four chairs stood in the entry, ready to be carried away; she was in her room, when I went to the door, she would not let me in at first; the things were gone; I charg'd her with taking them away; she said, she did not, but when she was in the round house, she confest to a person that I sent to her, where they were.
Q. Is that person here?
E. Turnbull. No, my lord, but by her directions, the bed and bed-stead were found that same day in Fetter Lane.
Newman 
               
                  John 
                  Tompson 
               



            . I am a watchman; just after the clock struck one, on the 3d of December in the morning, I saw the prisoner standing at the prosecutrix's door, in a white cloak; she spread her arms wide, that I should not see the four chairs in the passage, behind her at the stair foot. I saw them and ask'd her, whether they were coming in, or going out; she said, she had just brought them in; I had seen the door shut too, about a quarter of an hour before, when I went by; then I call'd up Mrs. Turnbull; she came down, and said, the chairs were her's; we then went up stairs, but the prisoner had fastened the door, and would make no answer; upon which, Mrs. Turnbull fastened the passage door, so I went away and came again at 3 o'clock; then the landlady push'd the prisoner's door open, and said, she miss'd the things mention'd in the indictment; I took her to the constable of the night, there she confess'd she brought one of the chairs down.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went out that night between 5 and 6 o'clock, and when I came home about 9, my husband had carried away all the things.
Q. to the prosecutrix. Did she take the room as a single, or a married woman?
E. Turnbull. She took it as a single woman; I never saw a man with her; she has talked since of a husband, and she has said, she did once live with a man 8 months, but was not married to him.
The watchman said, he liv'd in the same house, but never was in the prisoner's room, nor did he ever take her to be a married woman, saying, he never saw a man with her; but that this night, at about 11 o'clock, he saw a man in a blue coat near the door in the street, leaning upon a post.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


