





282. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Alethea 
                     Hollis 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth cloak, two linnen shifts, two ells of linnen cloth, one quilted petticoat, one cotton gown, three cheque aprons
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hand 
                  




                
            , April 16
. +


                  Martha 
                  Hand 
               



            . My husband's name is Richard: I was a washing over the way from where I live; I had been at home about a quarter of an hour before I missed the things, they were in the room then: after which a woman came and told me she saw the prisoner go over the pales with a bundle: I pursued her and found her in a pawnbroker's shop, with my shift, bed-gown, and cheque apron on, and the other things on the counter to pawn: I lost all the goods mentioned in the indictment.


                  Margaret 
                  Adams 
               



            . On the 16th of April, the prisoner brought a scarlet cloak to my sister's house to pawn ; she asked me to let her have two shillings for it: Mrs. Hand came in and owned the cloak and a bundle the prisoner had with her, and a shift, petticoat, bed-gown, and apron she had on; I saw the prisoner pull them off ; I saw Mrs. Hand look over the bundle, and heard her say they were her things: I did not see the prisoner lay that bundle on the counter. ( The goods produced in court and deposed to.)
Prisoner. She was not in the shop when I pulled off the things.


                  James 
                  White 
               



            . I am the constable; Mrs. Hand came to me on the 16th of April, and told me she was at the pawnbroker's house: I went there, but she was gone to her own father's ; I went there, and the goods were fetch'd from the pawnbroker's, and taken with her to the Justice: Mrs. Hand owned the things. I have had these goods in my custody ever since.
The prisoner had nothing to say for herself.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


