






279, 280. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Onyon 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Onyon 
                  



                
            , widow, were indicted, the first for 


               stealing fourteen brass bottoms of warming pans, value 11 s. and four brass covers for warming pans, val. 4 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Zachariah 
                     Pitman 
                  



                
            ; and the second for 


               receiving the same well knowing them to have been stolen
            , May 26

. ++


                  Zachariah 
                  Pitman 
               



            . I am a brazier
, and live in Mulberry-court near Moore-fields



 ; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Onyon 
               



             is my apprentice
, he produced the goods mentioned in the indictment. I have examin'd all these they are my property. Some of them were found at the prisoner's mother's house in Lamb-alley, others at the house of Mr. Hone who had stopp'd them, so I came by the knowledge of it, for it is impossible I should have missed them where I have a large quantity together. When I with a search warrant found the four covers and sack in a box at the prisoner's mother's, she at first denied knowing any thing of the matter; but the lad own'd the taking them all, and said his mother sold them for him to a woman that is here, one Emmerton.


                  Martha 
                  Emmerton 
               



            . I live in Beach Lane, I buy and sell brass, the woman prisoner brought some of these goods to my house, and I bought them of her, they are the fourteen bottoms for warming-pans.

Q. What did you give her per pound ?
M. Emmerton. I gave her 9 d. per pound.
Q. to prosecutor. What is that brass worth per pound?
Pittman. If I buy 500 pounds weight together I can't have it under thirteen-pence halfpenny per pound.
M. Emmerton. This is the usual price I give for old brass, and these were doubled up together.
Q. What did the prisoner ask you for it?
M. Emmerton. She did not ask me any more than what I gave her.
Q. Did she say it was her own ?
M. Emmerton. She said it was not her own, but that she had them of a brazier that was broke and could not go about his own affairs, so she was to sell the brass for him.
Q. Where did she say he liv'd?
M. Emmerton. She did not say where.
Q. What did you give her for it?
M. Emmerton. I gave her 5 s. 9 d. in part, and bid her come to me on the Monday following, and I would pay her the remainder: then I sent the brass to Mr. Hone, who I sell mettal to, but he was not at home.
Q. Do you know any thing of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Onyon 
               



            ?
M. Emmerton. No, I do not, the brass was all brought to me by his mother.


                  William 
                  Hone 
               



            . I am a founder, and buy brass of the evidence Emmerton; I had bought some of her before this, such as we call scurff brass, which is chippings of brass that is trimm'd off round the edges, &c. and might perhaps come the same way; at this time she told me she expected some more, and came accordingly on Saturday was se'ennight, and said she had not money to buy it with, so I let her have a crown, and that night these plates were brought to my house by her, but I was not at home. When I saw them on the Monday morning I suspected them to have been stolen, and was determined, if possible, to find it out, so mentioning it to a woman whose husband happened to mention it to Mr. Pitman it was discover'd. Mr. Pitman came to me, and I delivered these 14 bottoms, which the woman brought to him; and as Mrs. Emmerton had given me an account who brought it to her, and we knowing her son was apprentice to the prosecutor, they were both taken up.
Mr. Wale. The prisoner 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Onyon 
               



             confess'd in my house, that he took the fourteen brass bottoms out of the prosecutor's house, and likewise that he took several other things; and that his mother had inveigled him to it.
Q. to Pitman. How old is your apprentice, the prisoner?
Pitman. He is, I believe, in the 20th year of his age.


                  John 
                  Onyon 
               



            's Defence.
My mother knew nothing of the brass, nor I neither.


                  Esther 
                  Onyon 
               



            's Defence.
I never saw M. Emmerton in my life, I heard my son say he had two tops of warming pans which he designed to chase, and then carry them home again. I did not know what was in his box.
Q. to Pitman. Was the box lock'd at Onyon's house, in which were the tops?
Pitman. It was, and the woman prisoner gave me the key of her room, so I broke the boy's box open; he would not deliver the key before I went, but said he had lost it.
To their Character.


                  Mary 
                  Town 
               



            . I have known the woman a great while, and have employed her seven or eight years in the quilting way, but never knew her or the boy wrong any body in my life.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Twitchel 
               



            . I have known her fourteen years; she is a hard working woman, I never knew an ill thing of her in my life.


                  Robert 
                  Rumley 
               



            . The prisoner 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Onyon 
               



             liv'd with me two years in the character of an errand boy, during which time he behaved very honestly.
James Green. I dealt with Mr. Rumley when the boy was errand boy, he always behaved very honestly, and I never heard any ill of him before this in my life.
James Green. I am son to the last evidence, the prisoner was errand-boy to me, I have trusted him with things of value, but he never wrong'd me and I had a great opinion of his fidelity.


                  John 
                  King 
               



            . I was apprentice with Mr. Green when the boy lived with him as an errand-boy, I have trusted him with several things, and he always behaved extremely well for what I saw of him.
Q. to prosecutor. How long has he liv'd with you?

Prosecutor. Between four and five years.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


