





402. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dearmer 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one craps-gown, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Emmerton 
                        



                      
                  , and one camblet gown
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Rutson 
                  



                
            , spinster
, June 27
* 
Susanna Emmertons My husband is named John; we live at Mimms Wask


; the prisoner came to my house and called for a pint of beer, on the 27th of June, about 2 in the afternoon, then the two gowns mentioned in the indictment were hanging up, and about half an hour after the prisoner was gone we missed them.
Q. Did you ever find them again?
S. Emmorton. The prisoner was stopp'd at South Mimms on suspicion of stealing them; we had notice of it in about an hour and an half after he was gone; I went to the house, and found him and the gowns.
Q. To what house did you go?
S. Emmerton. To the Red-Lion. (The gow produced in court, and d pos'd to, one as the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Emmerton 
               



            , and the other of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Rutson 
               



            .
Q. Did the prisoner confess any thing?
S. Emmerton. No, he did not, either one way or another.


                  Martha 
                  Tull 
               



             I live at the Red-Lion at South Mimms; the prisoner came into my house, and called for a pint of small beer; he sat down in a chair while he was drinking the small beer, and said he had got 2 gowns to sell; I saw them, and were suspicious of his stealing them. I sent for the constable, and had him taken up. We took him before the justice, there he owned he was guilty.
Q. What were his words ?
M. Tull. He said, he stole the gowns.
Q. Did h e say where he stole them?
M. Tull. No; he did not.
Q. How came you to send for Mrs. Emmerton?
M. Tull. Because there was a man in our house that knew the gowns.
Q. Did the prisoner bring them conceal'd or publickly ?
M. Tull. He brought them in his hand in a little bit of a handkerchief.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


