





121. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hutchinson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of leather boots, value 10 s. and one pair of steel spurs, plated with silver, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Aldwin 
                  




                
            , December 21
.* 
William Aldwin. I came to the Bear and Castle in Oxford-Road


, the house of Mr. Allinson, in order to transact business in town. I had left my boots and spurs there, and went out about business. When I called for them the next morning, in order to return home, they were not to be found. We sent one of the servants out to inquire about for them, and they were found the next day at one Mr. Wetherly's. (Produced in court, and deposed to.)
Mr. Wetherly. I buy and sell second hand shoes and boots. The prisoner at the bar brought these boots to me to sell the Wednesday before Christmas holydays in the evening, about seven o'clock. I bought them of him for 3 s. and 6 d.
Mr. Allinson. I keep the Bear and Castle Inn, in Oxford-Road. The boots and spurs were taken out of my house on the 22d of December, and were found at Mr. Wetherly's, who, by searching about, found the prisoner, and got him secured.
Q. Did you see the prisoner in your house that day?

Allinson. I can't say that I did. The prisoner own'd he had sold the spurs to one Mr. Coleman. We went there, and he said he had bought a pair of the prisoner, and had sold them again. When the prisoner was taken he said his name was 
               
                  Henry 
                  Gray 
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was coming home, between five and six in the evening, near Charing-Cross, I met with a brother soldier in a fustian frock, who had a pair of boots, which he asked me if I would buy. We had a full pot of beer. I bought them of him. When I went to try them on I found a pair of spurs in them, which made me mistrust they were stolen. I was born at Kingston in Jamaica, and was sent to Scotland to be educated; so am at a distance from my friends, to give me a character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


