





472. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hammond 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jolly 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Oct. 2
. +.


                  John 
                  Jolly 
               



            . I am a journeyman taylor
. On the 2d of this month I had been drinking along with my shopmates. Going home through Stoney Lane


 between 7 and 8 o'clock in the morning (being in liquor, for I had been drinking all night) the prisoner came up to me, and asked me to go with her to her apartment. She went up stairs first and faced me, and I went up after her. She said if you'll stay here a little while, I'll be with you again soon. I stay'd about a quarter of an hour, when a woman came and said, have you lost your watch? I felt, and said, I had. She desired me to make haste and she would shew me the woman that had got it. I went down and saw a mob in the street. The woman pointed to the prisoner, and said, that is the woman that has got your watch. I went up to her, and said, huss y, you have got my watch? she said, No. Afterward she said she had it, and without I would give her 3 shillings I should not have it again. I ordered 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Gathern 
               



             to go for a constable. He came. I desir'd 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Gathern 
               



             to help me to take the watch from the prisoner; he 'spied the watch, and the chain of it, and pulled it out.
Q. Did you see 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Gathern 
               



             take it out?
J. Jolly. Yes I did, from under her arm. We went into the house with the constable. The people in the street desired her to charge this 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Gathern 
               



             with a street robbery. After I had got my watch I desired her to go about her business; she would not, but came into the house in order to take Gathern up as a street robber.
Q. For robbing who?
J. Jolly. For taking the watch from her.
Q. Did they charge Gathern with the Robbery, in taking he watch from her?
J. Jolly. She would have done it; she followed him with that intent. She was then carried before justice Jarvis; there she partly owned the lace.
Q. How did she say by it?
J. Jolly That I can't say.
Q Upon your oath did she not say you gave it her when you was above stairs with her?
J. Jolly No, my Lord.
Q How did she say she came by it then?
J. J. I can't say any further than I have.
Q. Did she not say you gave it her to lie with her?
J. Jolly. No, she did not say that.
Q. What did she say then?
J. Jolly. She opened it before justice Jarvis, and said she had took my watch.
Q. What was it she said?
J. Jolly. I really forget now, I was in liquor.
Q. You are upon your oath to tell the whole truth; what was it she did say?
J. Jolly. I cannot remember.
Q. Was you in liquor before the justice?
J. Jolly. I was pretty much in liquor.
Q. Were no persons in the room near you, beside the prisoner?
J. Jolly. Not one near me, there were two more in the room.
Q. Are you certain the prisoner took your watch?
J. Jolly. I am not, it was another woman came and asked me if I had lost it.


                  George 
                  White 
               



            . I was going up Rose Lane about 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning; there were a mob of people; I stood to hear what was the matter; Jolly was charging the prisoner with picking his pocket of his watch; I saw Gathern take the watch from her, and heard the prisoner say she had it, and that he should give her three shillings before he had it again. When the prosecutor had got his watch from her he gave her a kick on the backside, and bid her go about her business; but she followed Gathern to charge him with a street robbery.


                  Stephen 
                  Gathern 
               



            . I was accidentally going by, and saw some people beating the prisoner; I said they might charge an officer with her if she had done ill. The prosecutor desired me to go for an officer. I went. The constable said any body might stop a thief, and if we brought her down he would meet us. I heard the prisoner say, if you'll give me 3 s. you shall have it again. She had a hole in her gown under her arm. where I saw the watch. Mr. Jolly desired I would take the watch out; I did, but how she came by it, or what was their I know not. I heard her say that a woman in a brown gown gave it her Mr. Jolly said, if it is my watch minute hand is broke, and the is
The watch was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor
Q. Did you see that woman in the brown gown, or did she point to the woman?
S. Gathern. No, I did not.
Question to Jolly. What sort of a woman was she that asked you if you had lost your watch?
J. Jolly. She was a pretty tall woman.
Q. Had she a brown gown on?
J. Jolly. No, she had not.
Prisoner's Defence.
He gave it me to lie with me; he gave it out of his own hand into mine, and said he had no money. I get my living by winding of silk.




               Guilty of stealing the watch, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


