






274. (M.) 
               
                  Ann 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cartwright 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing two damask napkins, one diaper napkin, two checked aprons, one linen sheet
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Griffice 
                  




                
            , widow
, April 20
. + .


                  Catharine 
                  Griffice 
               



            . I live in Great Poultney-street, near the square, and lost the goods mentioned in the indictment, [mentioning them by name] but can't tell the exact time; they were missing last Saturday, and some were found the same day, and the day after. I lost many more things than are in the indictment.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
Griffice. I took the prisoner into my house almost naked, she and her children. She had been with me, I believe, six weeks, and I had reason to suspect her.


                  Rachel 
                  Pratt 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutrix, and had the things mentioned in my care. I gave them out at different times for use in the house, and upon looking up the linen last Saturday they were missing. I taxed her with taking them away, but she said she'd swear she never wronged my mistress. She afterwards owned the taking them, and told us where they were; we went to the pawnbroker's and found them.


                  William 
                  Spence 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Crown-court. The prisoner at the bar brought two checked aprons and three napkins, which she pledged with me. They were all left within the last month, and at different times, which I can't remember.


                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am constable, and had the prisoner in custody last Saturday before the justice; she said she knew nothing of the taking the things, but at last confessed she did. I went to the pawnbroker to ask for them, and they were delivered to me. [Produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutrix.]
Prisoner's Defence.
I did intend to have returned them when I received my wages.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


