





91. (L.) 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Green 
               



            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one shilling in money
            , the property of 
               
                  Jos.
                   Sanderson
               




            , Jan. 4
. +
Jos. Sanderson. The prisoner was servant
 to me; I live at the Bell in Poppin's-alley, Fleet-Street


; about a fortnight before I took up the prisoner, I had lost the key of my bureau; my wife having another, I put in my money every day, as usual; I miss'd once 6 s. and 9 d. In about a week after my key was lost, I also miss'd a shilling a day several days; then I having a suspicion of the prisoner at the bar taking of it, I sat down, and marked 15 s. and 6 d.
Q. Had she access to the room where the bureau stood?
Sanderson. She had, and no body else, beside my wife and I; she went up that day to make the bed as usual; after she was come down, I went and told my money, and miss'd a shilling; I call'd her to me and examin'd her about it; she denied having taken any. I insisted upon searching of her; then she pull'd out her things from her pocket, presently she pull'd out the key of my bureau, and after that came out my shilling; I saw the mark upon it. I said, This is the key of the bureau, and this is my shilling; and told her she took the shilling about half an hour before. I charged a constable with her; then she confessed she took the shilling before me and the constable of the night. I took her before Mr Alderman Gosling, there she said she found the key, but did not know the use of it.


                  Deborah 
                  Lee 
               



            . I am a lodger in the prosecuter's house; they told me they had a suspicion the maid had robb'd them; they took the prisoner into the kitchen, and desired her to pull the things out which were in her pocket. She took out some small money, but did not pull out the key or shilling for some time; then the mistress desired the pocket might be turned inside out; then she pull'd out a key and a shilling. When the constable was coming in, I said, Here comes the constable; she desired I would speak to her master for her; they charged her; she down on her knees, and confessed to the taking the shilling, and said she found the key under the bed.
Q. Did she say where she took the shilling from?
Lee. No, she did not; she begg'd to be forgiven; the mistress said she would forgive her no farther than the law would go. She said she never took any money before that; he desired his wife to fetch down the money that he had marked, and the shilling was marked as the rest; I shewed the shilling to the Grand Jury here yesterday, but whether by pulling out my handkerchief, or by what accident, I know not, but I have lost the shilling; the Grand Jury looked at it.
Prosecutor. Here is the other money which I marked the same as that which we found on the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence. I found a shilling upon the bed when I went to make it, that I sent down to mistress by her k inswoman; after that I found a key and a shilling under the bureau; my master sent me to carry same beer to the Fleet, and then directly took me into the kitchen, and charged me with taking them. I said, I don't know of any key belonging to you; I pull'd out this key, and said, This I picked up, and delivered it to him; had he not sent me out with the beer, I would have given it him directly. Then he charged a constable with me, and sent me to the Counter.
Q. to Lee. Did she say she found the shilling under the bureau?
Lee. No, she did not; she was above an hour before she was sent away.
Q. to prosecutor. Did she readily say upon your charging her, she had found a key and a shilling?
Prosecutor. I told her what I had lost, and said I wanted to search her; I desired her to pull out what she had from her pocket, she pull'd out two sixpences, a half-penny, and three farthings. She utterly denied taking any thing.
Q. Did you charge her with taking a key and a shilling?
Prosecutor. I did; and she said she had nothing in her pocket but her own key and her own money.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


