





21. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Udall 
                  



               
            , was indicted for that 


               he, on the 27th of October
 about 3 o'clock in the evening of the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Urwin 
                        




                      
                  , did break and enter, and steal from thence, seven shirts, value 35 s. four shifts, value 8 s. three caps, value 1 s. 6 d. one handkerchief lac'd, value 10 s. two plain handkerchiefs, value 3 s. three pair of russles and other things
            , the goods of the said James +.


                  James 
                  Urwin 
               



            . I live at the corner of Bartletsquare


, and keep a grocer's and confectioner's shop
; I lost a great quantity of linen, on the 27th of October; but my wife can better prove the property.
Mrs. Urwin. On the 27th of October I lost seven shirts, two shifts, six caps, two of them lac'd, four plain, one pair of lac'd russles, three pair of plain, one lac'd handkerchief, two plain ones, six pillowbears, one linen curtain, one silver spoon, one pewter spoon, one brass candlestick, two china basons, two towels, one stays cover; these things were in the buroe, in a little parlour behind the shop.


                  Richard 
                  Pretty 
               



            . I live in Vere-street, Clare-market; the prisoner brought four shirts, a lace cap, a handkerchief and russles, and told me, he brought them from some gentlewoman he us'd to bring things for; I lent him 31 s. on them: I believe they were worth about 35, or 36 s. I have known him upwards of two years. The things were produced in court.
Q. to Mrs. Urwin. Are these your property?
Mrs. Urwin. They are, my lord, they were taken out of the buroe.
Prisoner's defence.
I had the things of one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Plunket 
               



            ; we went into the Raven Inn in Bear-street, when she sent me with them; I don't know where she lives, she is here, and there, and every where; she is one of the ladies of pleasure.




               Guilty of stealing, but not out of the dwelling house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


