





305. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Millet 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s. one cornelian stone seal set in silver, value 8 s. the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Geattus 
                     




                   , secretly from his person
            , April 3.
 ++


                  William 
                  Geattus 
               



            . On the third of April I had been in Crispin-street, near Spittle-square, at an acquaintance's house, with others, to spend the evening; on our return home, about half an hour after eleven o'clock at night, near Whitegate-alley


 I happened to be about two yards behind my friends; it was pretty dark; I was push'd down backwards, which occasioned a cut on my head, I did not see who push'd me down; when I got up and recover'd myself, which was some minutes first, for I was much stun'd, I said to the gentlemen that were with me, Gentlemen, I am surpriz'd you should use me so, thinking it was done by them; they all said, they saw a creature running by and run against me, and push'd me backwards.
Q. Was you sober at this time?
Geattus. I was, my Lord, but I was looking downwards: Before I could get up to recover myself, she got up and run away; then Mr. Cloves said, where is your watch? I said, here it is, I did not directly put my hand down to my pocket; he put his hand to my fob pocket, and said it was not there; then said he, I'll be hang'd if that creature has not took it. Then Mr. Cloves, Ebit, and Batt, went after her; there were more there who staid with me; I know I had my watch in my pocket about ten minutes before. The prisoner was taken on the other side Bishops-gate in about an hour after, and brought to me; they took her to the watch-house by Bishops-gate, and took her into a room to search her; she turn'd her back to us, stooping down, and held up her hands and said, now search me. I call'd out, there is my watch, it lay on the ground close by her. The next morning we carried her before my Lord-mayor, she was all over fresh mud; my Lord ask'd her how she came to be so muddy, she stood at a stand, and said, she could not tell.


                  Ralph 
                  Cloves 
               



            . On the third of April I had been with the prosecutor to supper; coming home, between Whitegate-alley and Devonshire-street, the prisoner met us, she went out of the path way; I turn'd about, and saw Mr. Geattus and she down together, she fell upon him; she got up, and call'd out watch, murder, and run away directly; then M r. Geattus got up and came to the watchman's lanthorne, he was very dirty; he said, gentlemen, this is using me very ill, I can take a jest as well as any body, but this is carrying it too far to push me down, and daub my cloaths. His head was broke in the fall.
Q. Was he sober?
Cloves. He was sober, my Lord. I said, where is your watch; he said, here it is; I put my hand to his fob-pocket, and said, it was not there; saying, I'll be hang'd if that creature has not got it. We went in search of her, up one alley and down another, for near an hour, at last she was taken. The watchman that had her in custody knew her, and said, she went by the name of Shrewsbury Nann. Her handkerchief and cloak were all over mud at that time. She was taken to the watch-house, and then into a little room backwards to be searched ; she turn'd her back to the light, and made a sort of a squat to the ground, and then rose up, holding up her hands, and saying, now search me: Then instantly Mr. Geattus saw his watch on the ground, and took it up. I know this is the same woman that met us, and push'd Mr. Geattus down. I saw her by the light of a lamp.


                  Thomas 
                  Ebit 
               



            , and 
               
                  Peter 
                  Batt 
               



            , who were in company with the prosecutor at the time, confirmed the above.
Prisoner's defence.
I am as innocent as the child in its mother's womb.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


