





435. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thompson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing sixty fathom of rope, called tow-line, value 45 s. out of a certain ship called the Richard and Jane, lying in the river Thames
            , Sept. 10
. ++


                     Richard 
                     Simpson 
                  




                
            . I am master of the Ship Richard and Jane
; on last Monday we had this tow-line, and on the Tuesday Morning we missed it. The prisoner was taken with it upon him, but I have never seen it since.
Q. What is the value of it?
Simpson. 45 or 50 s. At least it was worth 45 s.


                  Samuel 
                  Bowman 
               



            . I am a Waterman. On last Monday night the prisoner was drinking along with me: After that we went down King James's Stairs, there the prisoner took a boat and pair of sculls without leave; I know not whose they were. We went on board a ship at King James's Stairs. He handed down two pieces of tow-line to me, about three fathom of them both; then we went on board capt. Simpson's ship, there he took down the tow-line of the forecastle, I believe about sixty fathom; we put it in the boat, and carried it down to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lee 
               



            's just before Limehouse-Bridge. About five in the morning we knocked at her door. She sent her servant down to open the door. It was weighed; there were eight hundred three quarters and fourteen pound; it came to 30 s. which she paid us. Mrs. Lee was the means of taking the prisoner into custody, and I was admitted king's evidence.


                  Richard 
                  Jennings 
               



            . I am constable. About half an hour after ten o'clock last Tuesday night, Mrs. Lee sent her daughter for me to go and take a thief, who said her mother was in custody for receiving some stolen rope, and if I would go and take a man up, it might be a means of clearing her mother. I took him, but he would not make a voluntary confession. He mentioned this evidence as being concerned with him; so we went and took him, and he was admitted evidence against the prisoner. The prisoner owned the stealing the rope out of the ship, and said it weighed eight hundred three quarters, for which they were paid, and fourteen pounds they were not paid for. The rope is in custody of a headborough at Limehouse. The evidence has given information of several other facts committed.


                  Ralph 
                  Phillips 
               



            . I am mate of the ship. I found part of this rope at Mrs. Lee's, having a warrant to search the house.
Q. How much of it?
Phillips. Twenty eight fathom.
Q. Are you sure it was the same rope that you lost?
Phillips. I am.
Prisoner's defence.
All the rope I had I left at Mrs. Lee's; I took a hatchet and cut it in half. I found it.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


