






158. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one feather bed, two blankets, two looking glasses, and one tea kettle, in a certain lodging room, let by contract
            , &c.


                     James 
                     Kenady 
                  



                
            . The prisoner took a ready furnish'd lodging of me for half a crown per week.
Q. Where do you live?
Kenady. I live at the upper end of Dean-street, Soho, he continued with me till last Sunday. I found I had lost two blankets, two looking-glasses, a feather bed and a pillow, and a tea kettle, out of his lodgings. I charged him with taking them, I took him up, and he acknowledged he took them before the justice, and had pawn'd them. He went with the constable and me to the pawnbrokers where they were pawn'd, and we found them.


                  Mary 
                  Weston 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; last Thursday was sev'n-night the prisoner pawn'd with me a pillow and a looking glass, and I delivered them up last Tuesday to the prosecutor and constable.
Hugh Lawrance. The prisoner brought a tea-kettle and pledg'd it at our house, and said it was his own, on the 7th of this instant; this is it, ( producing one.)
Q. to prosecutor. Look at this tea kettle.
Prosecutor. This is my tea kettle.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Lawrance. No, but he said it was his own.
Q. What, do you take people's words?
Lawrance. Sometimes I do.
Q. Did you take it in on your own account ?
Lawrance. No, for my master; he said he liv'd in the neighbourhood.
Court. This is a very bad practice.


                  Daniel 
                  Andrews 
               



            . I took the prisoner up with a warrant. I heard him confess the fact before the justice, and went with the prisoner, and he shew'd me the shops where he had pawn'd the goods, and call'd for them himself.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did this for want, and he said if I could get money he'd make it up with me. I could not get the money, so he took me up.



               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


