






114, 115. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Humphrys 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilbourn 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing twenty gallons of white-wine, value 6 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Newel 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Horton 
               



             , Feb. 13
. + .


                  William 
                  Newel 
               



            . I live at the Jerusalem-tavern, Clerkenwell, Mrs. 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Horton 
               



             is my partner; on the 13th day of February, about half an hour after five o'clock in the morning, the watchman called me up; I went to Mr. Harlow's the constable; the prisoner Humphrys was taken before and sent to Bridewell. I went to him about nine, and had him to the tap-house, and called for a bottle of wine, and desired he would tell me the truth, and who was his accomplice: he said, they were 
               
                  John 
                  Wilbourn 
               



             and 
               
                  Francis 
                  Pattern 
               



            , the last is not taken, that he and they took the wine.
Q. How came he to confess it?
Newel. He was taken with some of the wine on his back.
Q. How much wine might you miss?
Newel. I do not swear to as much as I lost.


                  George 
                  Harlow 
               



            . I am a victualer at the bottom of Clerkenwell-green, I think it was on the 13th of February about half an hour after five o'clock in the morning, I was called up by a watchman, who told me there had been two men at Mr. Newel's vaults; I went with him, and pursued and took the prisoner Humphrys with a cask full of something on his shoulder, about three hundred yards from the vault; I took him to justice Withers, he committed him, and ordered me to take care of the cask, and what was in it, it has been in my custody ever since. ( Produced in court).
Prosecutor. I can't swear to the cask, it has white-wine in it, and the wine in that cellar that was broke open belongs to Mrs. Horton and me.


                  Robert West 
                  Apletree 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Newel, I take care of these wine-vaults, I believe there is about twenty gallons taken out of a half hogshead; on the twelfth, being the day before the robbery, I and my master was in that vault, I looked over the cellar and examined the vessels to see if they were tight and full, all was right then; the constable called me up the next morning about five, I got up and went down into the vault, I found the lock of the outward door pushed back, and some blood on the lock and the door; the lock was broke off from the inward door; I examined the casks, and there was about twenty gallons missing out of one half-hogshead.
Q. Had that been tapped ?
Apletree. It had not.
Q. How was the wine taken out?
Apletree. The bung had been knocked out, and the wine craned out.
Q. How do you know that?
Apletree. I found the bung was not so tight in as it was the day before.
Q. Are you certain the vessel was full the day before ?
Apletree. I am, my lord.
Q. Had you known any of the prisoners before?
Apletree. I have seen Humphrys before once or twice in the vault when it was repairing; the other I know nothing of.
Q. Do you know any thing of this cask?
Apletree. No, I do not; I suppose they brought it with them.


                  Thomas 
                  Isaac 
               



            . I am a watchman; going from Mr. Harlow's to call the hour five in the morning on the 13th of February, I met the two prisoners; they crossed over the way from Mr. Newel's vault. Humphrys was first, with this cask on his shoulder; and the other prisoner had a lesser cask on his shoulder, and a pewter cratie (produced in court). I saw the door stand open; I asked them what business they had there ? They said, they were coming again, there was more behind.
Q. What did you understand by that answer ?
Isaac. I do not know whether they meant more wine or more men behind. I went to the vault-door and halloold; but none answered. Then I went directly to Mr. Harlow's, and told him what I suspected, and said I believe they were gone down Mutton-lane. He came, and we overtook Humphry about Ward's-rents; he had the biggest cask on his shoulder, and thi bottle of wine in his pocket ( producing one). We took hold of him; he fain would have had us take the wine, and let him go about his business; but Mr. Harlow said he would not compound felony. We told him to his house, and I went and called Mr. Newel. Milbourn was taken between the hours of six and ten.
Q. to the prosecutor. Look at the bottle, do you know it?
Prosecutor. I know it to be mine, it is marked as I mark all my full quarts with a long J upon the neck of it.
Q. What is in the two casks ?
Prosecutor. It is Mountain; I believe them to be both filled out of the half hogshead of mine.
Isaac. I was gone to bed when Wilbourn was taken, and out of, I believe, a dozen I pitched upon him; I asked what was become of the crane he had on his shoulder? he said he had lost it, his wife was then with him, I threatened to stop her, she went and produced the crane, and said Humphrys ordered her to carry it away. Mr. Newel asked him whose crane it was? Humphrys said it was his, he also owned it had been carried to Wilbourn's house, and into Sharp's-alley.
Humphrys's defence.
I beg mercy of the court.
Wilbourn's defence.


                  Frank 
                  Pattern 
               



             called me up, and asked me if I would earn a trifle? I went with him to Mr. Humphrys's, and from thence we went into the cellar: he said he was going to draw off some wine for his master, and when the watchman came, he ran away directly.
To Humphrys's character.


                  William 
                  Carter 
               



            . I have known Humphrys above twenty years, he served his time to a cooper, and has been settled in our neighbourhood. I did work for him as a carpenter, he paid me honestly; I believe his trade did not answer, so he lately worked journey-work.


                  John 
                  Greenwood 
               



            . I have known him about thirteen or fourteen years; I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life.


                  Benjamin 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known him fifteen months; I always took him to be an honest man.
Mr. Brian. I have known him upwards of fifteen years; I never heard any thing but that his character was as good as any man's in England. I had a good deal of reason to know him; he married a clever young woman that I had a value for; he took her away from me.

Mr. Basset. I know very little of him any farther than that he is an honest man; I have known him about three years.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


