





4. (M.) 
               
                  Matth.ew 
                  Flannigan 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 15 pounds weight of tobacco, value 5 s.
             the property of persons unknown, Nov. 22
. *
Francis Walnight. I was master of the ship where this tobacco was taken from.
Q. What is her name?
F. Walnight. The Tayloe


. This man at the bar not quantity of tobacco, I desired the officers to search the men after they left work: the other witnesses will give a farther account.


                  George 
                  Cable 
               



            . The prisoner was a Lumper
, that is, a man hired to unload the ship; I was call'd to search him, I did, and found about 15 pounds weight of tobacco upon him; he desired me not to say any thing of it.


                  John 
                  Luke 
               



            . I was an officer on board; I was standing on the quarter-deck and saw the prisoner come out of the hold and jump down into a lighter. I call'd to him to come up, but he was very loth; we searched him, and found 15 pounds weight of tobacco upon him; he had a belt about his body on purpose, and his cloaths were stuffed with tobacco, and his breeches were full.
Eliot Fletcher. I saw the prisoner searched, and the tobacco mentioned taken from about his body under his cloaths.
Prisoner's Defence. That is not fair, for them to prove against me all that they say. They did not accuse me nor any man with me at that time, and the next day they would not let us go to work; I went and got a pint of purl, and then came on board and went into the hold, and they tumbled me about, and said it was too late to come to work: they gave me a fist on the head and knock'd me down, and dragg'd me about by the legs. There were some halfpence in my pocket which were lost. When they were going to lick me the second time, I desired they would let me get my cloaths and my money, they carried me on the deck again, and for this quarrel they sent me here; it was not at all on the account of tobacco.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


