





343. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fulham 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 27th of April
, between the hours of nine and ten in the night, on the same day, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Low 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, did break and enter, and stealing out thence one tea-chestvalue 3 s. one silver tea-spoon, value 1 s. one mahogony box, one pair of Dresden ruffles, five linnen caps, two linnen handkerchiefs, and two pair of stone ear-rings
            , the goods of the said Mary, April 27
. + .


                  Mary 
                  Low 
               



            . I live in Radish-Row, St. George'sWapping


. On Saturday, the 27th of April, I went out of my house between nine and ten o'clock, and left the door on the latch; I pulled the door, it goes with a spring-lock.
Q. Do you live by yourself?


                  Mary 
                  Low 
               



            . I am a widow, and take in lodgers, but there were none in the house at that time but a young woman asleep.
Q. What is that young woman's name?
Q. I do not know what her proper name is, I think she goes by that of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Watts 
               



            . I came home between eleven and twelve, and that young woman let me in; I went to bed, and did not miss any thing then: we both lay together; the next morning between nine and ten o'clock I missed my things (mentioning them the same as in the indictment:) I do not know who took them.
John Hall. About half an hour after ten o'clock (on a Saturday, but I do not know the day of the month) the prisoner and I went into Radish-RowWapping; we lifted up the latch of the door, and it would not open, then we pushed it hard, and it flew open.
Q. Had you and he been acquainted before ?
Hall. Yes; I knew him when he was an apprentice to a chimney-sweeper in Whitechapel. I took his shoesand he went in, I stood close by the door, he brought out a tea-chest, with a silver spoon in it, and another tea-chest, some caps, two India warrants in it, and some caps and ruffles: we took them home to Salt-Petre Bank, and put the two chests under our bed: we could not read the warrants, so he burned them. We pawned the silver spoons for two shillings in Whitechapel, I do not know the person's name : we carried the ear-bobsbut could not get three shillings on them: a young woman that lived next door but two to where we did, would not buy the capsbut lent me two shillings upon them.


                  James 
                  Brebrook 
               



            . On the 28th of last April a young woman came to me, and told me, that one Hall and three more had broke a house open in Wapping, and said, there were two tea-chests, and if, I would go down to Salt-Petre Bank to where they lodgedwe might take them: so I and 
               
                  James 
                  Elmore 
               



             went there, and we saw four of themFulham, Hall, 
               
                  Paul 
                  Wood 
               



            , and one Hambleton, whom they call Gholes. I went up to Jack Hall, and saidso, you are no sooner discharged, but you have got yourself into bad bread again. We took them all four into custody: I mentioned what I had heard about stealing two tea-chests; then Hall said he would go and shew me where the things were: we went up into the garret, there they were under the feet of a bed. They were taken before the justice, and the prosecutrix came and said they were her propertyand that she had the keys to them. (The prosecutrix produced the keys, and opened them in court, and deposed to them.)
Brebrook produced a pair of ear-rings, which he found at the feet of the bedand a silver spoon, which Hall owned he had pawned in Whitechapel, were he went and found it: to each of which the prosecutrix deposed to.


                  James 
                  Elmore 
               



            , being with the last witness, confirmed his account, with this addition, that they took the persons to justice Chamberlain, after which one was committed to New-Prison, and the other three to Clerkenwell Bridewell; after which the things were advertised, and the prosecutrix came and owned them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am very innocent of it: this Jack Hall came to meand lay along with the woman that went to Brebrook's; I lay in a bed by myself: I suppose this creature sold those things for him. Please to ask Jack Hall whether I had any of the money, or not.
Hall is the question. He had part of the money, and I think he gave her six-pence for going with it.
Prisoner. I hope you will take it into consideration, that Hall has been an evidence three times before: these men send him out a thieving to convict lads.




               Guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


