







54, 55. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Stevens 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Durham 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one wherry boat, value 4 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Hilton 
                        



                      
                  , eight hundred weight of cheese, and 200 eggs
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Knowles 
                  



                
            , October 31
. ++


                  Edward 
                  Hilton 
               



            . I am a waterman
; my boat was taken away from Cole Harbour


 the 31st of October, between ten and eleven in the forenoon, there were in her 800 weight of cheese, and other goods, that is, coffee, tea, and eggs: I was going to Battersea, and took the goods into the boat myself.
Q. When did you see your boat after this?
Hilton. I saw her again about two hours after; she was brought to Cole Harbour stairs by one 
               
                  John 
                  Howard 
               



            , and the things in her; when she was taken away I was gone up to Bishopsgate street with a basket of linen.
Q. What are the prisoners?
Hilton. They are watermen

, one of them is an apprentice; Stevens was brought back in another boat, and the other was taken in Esq; Theobald's yard.


                  Joseph 
                  Knowles 
               



            . I know no more, than that the 800 weight of cheese and other goods are mine; I always employ this waterman to bring such things as I want, &c.


                  Charles 
                  Oadley 
               



            . On the 31st of October, between ten and eleven o'clock, Mr. Allop was going to Queenhith, and saw, as he told me, the boat taken away; I then went up to justice Theobald's yard, where I saw Stevens standing; there lay Mr. Hilton's boat ; as soon as he saw me row up to the boat, he ran through the timber yard, so I landed and ran after him.
Q. Did you know what was in the boat?
Knowles. I opened the tilt and saw the cheese and eggs, and other things; I took Stevens and rowed him down in my boat, and another man rowed Mr. Hilton's boat down to Cole Harbour, and when we came back from before my lord mayor Durham was taken.


                  William 
                  Allop 
               



            . I saw the prisoners row by me at Queenhith, October 31, between ten and eleven o'clock, they were in Mr. Hilton's loaded boat covered with a tilt,; I saw them row as hard as they could towards the Old Bargehouse, Surry; seeing them come out of Cole Harbour, I rowed down thither, and inquired if some poor man's boat was not taken from thence; a boy answered. yes, Mr. Hilton's boat was rowed away with; then I saw Mr. Oadley at the Old Swan, so he and I rowed up to Esq; Theobald's, where we found the boat; I jumped into her; Mr. Oadley took Stevens and brought him down to Cole Harbour, and I rowed the other boat down; Durham owned the fact before justice Hammond.
Durham's Defence.
I took this boat to go off to fetch mine, there was a barge came through bridge, which I thought would have been staved; the boys cried. come biar a hand to get her on shore ; there was a man swore he would throw us both overboard, and kept rowing after us, so we rowed to get from him.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


