






122, 123. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Guy 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Coulsey 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing two she asses, value 2 l. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Elmley 
                  




                
            , Dec. 6
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Elmley 
               



            . I live at Deptford


; my asses were in a stable; I have lost two asses, the last was three weeks ago last Tuesday night; it was sold in a brickfield, near Hyde-Park Corner, to one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Turner 
               



            .
Q. Did you find that ass again?
Elmley. The ass is in the Court-yard, and the man that bought her is here. I found her as the man was driving her along: I took up the boys, and they confessed they stole them both; they shewed me the place where they sold the other, and said it was to a Fisherman, but I never could find that ass.
Q. How old are the prisoners?
Elmley. One of them told me he is almost sixteen years old, the other is almost fourteen.


                  Thomas 
                  Turner 
               



            . The two boys brought the ass to me at Hyde-Park Corner, and I bought it of them about nine in the morning, about five or six weeks ago; they said they had had her about two years, and used to carry sand upon her; But that is none of the ass this man has sworn to; he has swore to a great white ass with a long swish tail.
Q. Did he see the ass you bought of the boys ?
Turner. He did.
Q. to Elmley. Is that your ass which he said he bought of the two boys at the bar ?
Elmley. That is my ass, she has a slit on her ear, and a brand mark on her hipp.
Guy's defence.
The man knew the ass was stole, and we would have had him took the money again, but he would not; there was a man in the house where he bought it, that said, it was stolen, and knew whose ass it was ; but Turner said, he'd buy it, if it came from the Devil.
Prosecutor. Was I that man?
Prisoner. No, you was not that man, it was Turner.



               Guilty
             of stealing one ass.





[Transportation. See summary.]


