






126, 127. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Tape 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Lowder 
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing five ducks, value 10 s. and two drakes, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gurnhil 
                  




                
            , Esq
; December 23
. ++


                  James 
                  Gregory 
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gurnhil 
               



            , Esq; at Ealing. On the 23d of December, at night, we lost five ducks and two drakes out of the canal in our paddock.
Q. When had you seen them last?
Gregory. I had seen them the evening before.
Q. Where they came ducks?
Gregory. They were. We made inquiry after them, and got intelligence of the two prisoners at the bar and one Gore. We took up Gore, and carried him before justice Bever. He told us he had no hand in taking them, but that the two prisoners took them. Tape was taken, and before the same justice confessed he was at the stealing them; but could not tell particularly the night, and that it was about the 23d of December.
Q. What were his words?
Gregory. He said that he and Lowder got over the park pales, drove the ducks up into a corner, and catch'd seven of them; that they gave three to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gore 
               



            , and eat the others in a pye. I was not at the taking of Lowder.


                  John 
                  Kempster 
               



            . I am a headborough. I took Lowder and carried him before the justice; he was charged with taking three people's ducks.
Q. Did he own the taking the ducks he now stands charged with?
Kempster. He did. He said he went to see the place over-night, to know how it was situated; that he went along with Tape, and they took seven ducks.


                  William 
                  Colder 
               



            . I was present at the justice's when Tape was brought there, who, upon being charged with stealing Mr. Gurnhil's ducks, confessed that he and Lowder had taken seven ducks and drakes in the whole, out of the canal in the paddock, on the 23d of December, at night.
Tape's Defence.
I am so ill I can't go on with my defence.
Lowder. I beg for mercy.
[The two prisoners desired the evidences might be ask'd as to their characters, and each witness said they heard no complaint against either of them before this fact.]
Both 

               guilty
            .




[Tape:No punishment. See summary.]






[Lowder:Transportation. See summary.]


