





480. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Tillie 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, val. 16 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Pecknall 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Sept. 24
.*.


                  John 
                  Pecknall 
               



            . I was going cross Thames Street into Darkhouse Lane


, Sept. 24; the prisoner steped very quick after me; I felt something at my pocket; I felt in my pocket and missed my handkerchief; I turned about and saw the prisoner with it in his hand. I laid hold on him; he threw it on the ground; I held him by the collar with one hand, and took the handkerchief up with the other. Then I sent to Billingsgate for a constable; before the constable came the prisoner pulled out a claspt knife and opened it. One Mr. Wright, a shipwright, who knew me, coming by, assisted me, for there were then two other persons who I believe belonged to the prisoner, for they wanted to get him loose. The constable came and took the knife from him; then he was taken to Guildhall and charged with it, but he there denied taking it.
Q. How far was the prisoner from you when you mist your handkerchief?
J. Pecknall. I only took one step and laid hold on him; he had not had the handkerchief half a minute.
Q. What is the value of the handkerchief?
J. Pecknall. It cost as. it has been very little us'd.


                  Thomas 
                  Shorter 
               



            . I am constable; I took this knife from the prisoner (producing one) there were two or three more persons with him when I first came to him, but they made off. We took him before Mr. Alderman Alexander, and he was committed.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going down Darkhouse Lane eating, a bit of bread and cheese, with my knife in my hand, and the gentleman took hold of me, and accus'd me of picking his pocket; I saw it lying on the ground, and had taken it up; I said, Sir, if it is yours you may take it from the ground for I took it from thence, and flung it down again: and before I could put my knife up he took it out of my hand.
Question to the prosecutor. Was the prisoner eating when you took hold on him?
J. Pecknall. No, my Lord, he was not.
Q Had he his knife in his hand then?
J. Pecknall. No, he pull'd that out while I had him by the collar.
Q. Did he threaten you when he took it out;
J. Pecknall. No, he did not.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


