





215. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Puckering 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two looking-glasses, value 4 s. one wooden picture-frame, one brass flower-pot, six knives, five box-irons, one pair of copper scales, one pair of brass candlesticks, two worsted stuff curtains
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elisabeth 
                     Bond 
                  




                
            , widow
, May 9
. ++


                  Elisabeth 
                  Bond 
               



            . I live in Moorfields, and keep two brokers shops there: I lost the goods mentioned in the indictment, and some pounds-worth more, the time the prisoner was with me. I know when I lost them; but I found the goods this day se'nnight. I sent him with a guinea to change (he was my servant); as he was going, I saw a candlestick in his pocket; I bid one of my other servants go and tell him to come back: he went on to my warehouse in Old-Bedlam, and on the prisoner's coming back, he told me he had carried the candlestick to be cleaned at my warehouse, when I asked him after it. I told him I was afraid he had robbed me of all the things I had lost. I paid him his wages, and he went away, and said he would make me suffer for taking away his character. I sent for a constable and a search-warrant, and searched his house; I was there, and found every thing mentioned in the indictment, but the candlesticks, my property. The prisoner was taken before a justice.


                  James 
                  Johnson 
               



            . The prosecutrix keeps two shops in Moorfields, one of them is under my care, and the prisoner attended in that. A little after twelve at noon on Friday last, he came to me, asked me what it was o'clock? I said, a little after twelve. He said, then I will go to dinner. I said, stay till I go a little way; I went, and at my return, my mistress told me she had found a pair of brass candlesticks in his pocket.
Q. Did he stay till you came back?
Johnson. No, he was gone to dinner; when he came back from dinner, I heard her say to him, she suspected he had not been honest to her, and that he should not stay in her house another minute. He said, no more will I; and said he would certainly give her trouble if she took away his character. I went for a search-warrant, and when I came back, my mistress told me she had been at the prisoner's house, and seen several things: I went, and there found the things contained in the indictment, the property of Mrs. Bond. I got the search-warrant from Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , we had the goods all packed up, and brought them home. We brought the prisoner to his mistress about half an hour after ten o'clock, then he owned when he took one thing, and when the other, &c. He said he had taken away the copper scales about four months ago, some three months, and some two.


                  Jacob 
                  Oaks 
               



            . I am the constable; I was sent for on the 9th of this instant to the prosecutrix; I went to the prisoner's house, when the prisoner went backwards, and took the goods mentioned in the indictment and tied them up in his apron. I thought there was no other way of coming out but at the door I stood at, but he went out with the goods at the back door; I pursued him, when he dropt some of the things; and finding I got ground of him, he turned up a little narrow turning, where he dropt the whole; and while I stopt to take them up, he running fast, got out of my sight. I brought them back to his house, and sent a person to acquaint his mistress. She came and looked at the goods, and said they were hers. We took him about ten o'clock that night, and brought him to his mistress, when he made an ample confession of all the things he had stolen.
Prisoner's defence.
As to the candlesticks, it was not my design to rob her of them; I took them to carry to a man that did business for my mistress to clean them. There came a Man to buy either a bed or a pair of grates, I know not which now, and going to shew him them, I put the candlesticks into my pocket; after he was gone my mistress sent me to change a guinea, and as I was running along, somebody said there were candlesticks hanging out of my pocket, and I should lose them. I went on, and carried them to the man at the warehouse; he said I came just right, for he had nothing but a coal-scuttle to scower. As to the looking-glasses, I had been used to mend my mistress's things in the shop, I had broke the two looking-glasses, and I took them home to mend them.
For the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Harlow 
               



            . The prisoner lived servant with me the best part of a twelve-month, he behaved very well in my service.
Q. How long is it ago since he lived with you?
Harlow. I believe it is better than two years ago.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


