





65. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Cartwright 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing in money numbered
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Pool 
                  




widow
, Dec. 10
. ++


                  Sarah 
                  Pool 
               



            . I lost money several times out of my drawer; but could not tell who took it.
Q. What are you?
S. Pool. I keep an oil and colour shop. the prisoner was my porter
. I consulted a friend, who is my next witness, about finding the thief out. He said, Give me some halfpence, I will mark them; and you shall see me lock them up. This was done the 8th of Dec, He gave me the key the next morning when I missed 10 d
Q. What did you mark?
S. Pool. Four shillings in halfpence, and 6 d. in farthings. The drawer was always lock'd, and I found it so.
Q. Had the prisoner access to the drawer?
S. Pool. No, never but he lived in the house, and might go into the shop when he would. I concluded, to trust him another day so on Tuesday after we put in 6 s. in halfpence mark'd. The next morning I took them out, and gave them to Mr. Kendal to count them; there were 1 pence halfpenny gone. I had a little before missed a crown piece out of the drawer. Mr. Kendal and I went and brought a search warrant to search all my servants; we took up the prisoner, when the constable told him it was on suspicion of robbing his mistress. Then we took him backwards, and he pulled out his money. Mr. Kendal took up a halfpenny, and said, I'll swear this I marked. In all they found 21 halfpence, all marked; then the prisoner cry'd, and desired me not to take him before a justice. The constable said, Young man how much do you think you have rob'd your mistress of? He said he never rob'd me of any more than about 6 or 7 in half pence. The constable said, How could you rob her, for she says her drawer is always lock'd? He said, if you will go round the counter I will show you. He went and took up the counter and pull'd it up, then put the bolt out, and took the draw out. I had before found the drawer up by so doing, and knock'd them down. We took him before the justice, where he confessed the same and shewed us, by his table, how he lifted the counter up.
Cross examined.
Q. What Justice was you before?
S. Pool. Before justice Trent.
Q. What wages did you owe him at that time?
S. Pool. A year and a half's wages were in day hands, and other money to the amount of and odd shillings, that I have paid him since, and him his cloaths.
Q. What occasion had he to rob his mistress of six or seven shillings, when she owed him so much money?
S. Pool. It was not six or seven shillings, but a great deal of money I had lost.
Q. Did he say he rob'd you?
S. Pool. He said he had never rob'd me of any more than about six or seven shillings.
Q. Did he use to receive money for you?
S. Pool. When I sent him out with a bill he has.
Q. Did he not use to give change in the shop in a morning?
S. Pool. No, never.
Q. How can you swear that, when you was in bed at the time ?
S. Pool. He never was trusted to do it. I always confined that to my daughter; no body had the key of that drawer but she and I.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with Mr. Kendal?
S. Pool. A great many years.
Q. What is he?
S. Pool. He is a master painter; my husband and he were as brothers.
John Kendal. Mrs. Pool told me she suspected her servant (the prisoner) had rob'd her of a good deal in money at different times. I said why do you suspect him? She said by his dress and the money he spent; and that he took up no wages. I said the best way will be to mark some halfpence, and put them into the till, and by that you'll be able to find out the thief. I marked some on the 8th of December, and look'd them in the till, and gave her the key. The next morning she took them out, and delivered them to me. I counted them over. We missed nine pence and two farthings (he was then gone out of some errand). The next night I marked six shillings worth of half pence and farthings more, and put them into the till. The next morning we missed fourteen pence halfpenny. Then she, I, and Mr. Laybourne went and got a warrant, and took up the prisoner, and taking him backwards, desired him to pull out his money; he took out some from his breeches pocket and laid it in a chair, amongst which were twenty-one halfpence which I had marked the over night. Then Mrs. Pool said, Joseph, how could you rob me who have been so good a mistress to you ? Then he began to cry, and said he never took any more. The constable said you had better confess what you have taken; he said he believed he had taken six or seven shillings in halfpence. I said I wonder'd he never took silver or gold, he said he never did. Then he said he'd shew us, if we would go into the shop, how he got the till open, which he did by lifting the counter up with both his hands to get the bolt clear, then he drew out the till, and shew'd us how he used to take a handful of halfpence promiscuously as they lay. We took him before the justice, where he confessed the same.
Cross Examination.
Q. Do you know of any halfpence being put into his pocket?
Kendal. No, I do not. There could be no such thing, he had them in his breeches pocket.
Q. Might not the money have been in the coat pocket before it was in the breeches pocket?
Kendal. He had not his coat on, that was then above stairs.


                  John 
                  Laybourne 
               



            . I served the prosecutrix with goods. I call'd to see her, to know if she wanted any thing in my way; she told me she was rob'd. I went with her and Mr. Kendal to take out a warrant to apprehend the prisoner. We got a constable, who told him he was his prisoner, and took him backwards to search him; then the prisoner pull'd out some halfpence from his breeches pocket, and laid them down in a chair. I saw some of them were mark'd (a parcel of halfpence were produced in Court.) These are the halfpence which were marked, and were amongst those which the prisoner took out of his pocket. I was present before the justice, and heard the prisoner confess there that he believed he had rob'd his mistress of about six or seven shillings in halfpence.
Mr. Douglas. I am constable. On the 10th of December last Mr. Kendal and the other evidence came to me with two warrants, one to search the prosecutrix's house; the other to take up the prisoner for robbing her till. I went along with them to her house, the prisoner was in the shop; Mr. Kendal said that is your prisoner. Then I told the prisoner I had got a warrant against him on a strong suspicion of his robbing his mistress's till; he said God forbid he should do such a thing.
Q. Did you hear him confess anything ?
Douglas. I saw him take hold of the counter, and lift it up, and it draw'd the nails on each side the till, by which means the till could come out with ease. He said he just put his hand in and took out a handful of halfpence, and then left it as he found it. I ask'd him how much he thought he might rob his mistress of; he said if I would ask her not to take him before a justice, he would return her the money that he thought he had rob'd her of; which he said was about 6 or 7 s. He said his mistress owed him fifteen pounds. She said she would pay him that at any time. These halfpence here have been in my custody ever since.
Prisoner's Defence.
These halfpence were not in my breeches pocket, they were in a waistcoat pocket of mine (put in by somebody) that had hung up in the shop two or three days. I might take them out and put them in my breeches pocket for what I know, for I pull'd off another waistcoat, and put that on that morning.
To his character.


                  John 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I deal with the prosecutrix for goods; the prisoner used to bring them home. I never saw any thing but civility by him. I look'd upon him to be an honest man.


                  Patrick 
                  Bready 
               



            . The prisoner used to bring goods from his mistress's to my house. I never knew any thing but what was civil and honest by him.


                  John 
                  Mosley 
               



            . I always took him to be a very honest man. I have known him a year and half.
Mr. Webb. He has often brought things to my house from his mistress. I always took him to be an honest man.


                  Preston 
                  Powel 
               



            . I always took him to be an honest man. I have known him some time.


                  Hannah 
                  Cordoroy 
               



            . I was fellow-servant with the prisoner about a year and half at the prosecutrix's house. I always took him to be an honest man till this affair.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


