





280. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bishop 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 4 linen waistcoats, value 4 s. one pair of canvas trousers, value 10 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Johnson 
                  




                
            , March 13
. *
Thomas Johnson. I lost these things mentioned the 13th of March about half an hour after eight, I had seen them about half an hour before, I detected the prisoner in Leaden-hall street on the 15th of March with two of the waistcoats on his back and the trousers on, I took him up; then he confessed he had sold one and pawn'd another of the waistcoats; I went to the pawnbroker's where he said he had pawn'd that, and fetch'd it out.


                  Thomas 
                  Hitchman 
               



            . The prisoner pawn'd a blew and white waistcoat with me for 5 shillings, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Johnson 
               



             came and own'd it, and I gave it him.


                  Thomas 
                  Hermitage 
               



            . I keep the black horse in Well Street facing Well close Square, the prisoner came in there the 12th of March, he had a pickle herring and a pint of beer, and stay'd 3 or 4 hours, he had neither shoe nor stocking on then; and on the Thursday he came in with 4 waistcoats on at once, and his own waistcoat upon them; he had then shoes and stockings on. I took him on the 15th at the hog and armour alehouse in Leaden-hall street; I went in accidentally for a pint of beer, there was the prisoner; I had heard Mr. Johnson had been robb'd of those waistcoats, I sent for him, he came, we got a constable, then the prisoner confessed he went into Mr. Johnson's shop and took the things, 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


