






246, 247. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Scott 
                  



               
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  wife

 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Barton 
                     







            , were indicted for 


               stealing one pewter pint pot, value 16 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cope 
                  




                
            , April 15
. ++
Mrs. Cope. My husband's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cope 
               



            , he lives at the two fighting-cocks in Fleet-lane; I sent a pint of beer to Mrs. Stevens's, in the lane, and when I sent for the pot again, my servant returned and told me the pot was melted down.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoners?
Mrs. Cope. The prisoner lodged in the house where the beer was carried to.
Q. What was the value of your pot ?
Mrs. Cope. It was worth sixteen-pence.


                  Jane 
                  Chappel 
               



            . I went to fetch a pint of beer from Mr. Cope's for my daughter, who was ill; in about an hour or two after, Mr. Cope's servant came for it; the pot had, a little before, stood in the window, and 
               
                  Anne 
                  Scott 
               



             the prisoner came and took it away; she and the other prisoner lodged in the house; I went up to their room-door, and found it was fastened. Barton called and asked what I wanted? I said, a pot. She said, there was no pot there. They opened the door; I went in, and found in a closet a frying-pan, a pot part melted, the handle almost perfect, with the letter T on it plain to be seen; but the letter C was imperfect, (the frying-pan and metal produced in court).
Q. to prosecutrix. Look at that pot-handle, do you know it?
Prosecutrix. I can swear safely this is my property.
Q. Do both the prisoners live together?
Prosecutrix. They do; Barton was sick, and she let Scot be with her.
Q. Was this metal shewed to the prisoners in your presence?
Prosecutrix. It was.
Q. What did they say for themselves?
Prosecutrix. Nothing at all.


                  John 
                  Tustin 
               



            . I am a constable; I was sent for to take the prisoners into custody.
Q. Did either of them own to the melting of the pot?
Tustin. They both of them owned it; one said to the other, I would not have had you done it, the other said the same to her. Barton said she would not have had Scott to have done it, because it was Mr. Cope's pot; but first she said she found it in Shoe-lane.
Scott 

               guilty
            , Barton 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


