





340. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cardinal 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 57 pounds weight of sugar, value 36 s. and one pound weight of tea, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nevil 
                  




May 6
. ++ .


                  John 
                  Nevil 
               



            . I live in Newgate-Streetand am a grocer
. On the 6th of May I sent a porter, one 
               
                  William 
                  Thomas 
               



            , whom I hired out of Newgate-Market, with a parcel to the Red-Lion Inn, in Whitechapeland ordered him to deliver it to Mr. Smith's cart, but a person came and ordered them in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Edwards 
               



            , I know no more than what he can tell the courts.


                  William 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I carried a parcel on the 6th of May from Mr. Nevil'swho ordered me to deliver it to Mr. Smith's cart, at the Red Lion Inn, Whitechapel. I went, and asked an ostlen if Mr. Smith's cart put up there; he said, no; but that there was a young man who had been inquiring if a porter had brought any goods; and added, You may leave your goods, for I belong to the Red Lion. Before I could get well from the inn, the prisoner came up to me, and asked me if I did not come from Mr. Nevil's with some goods; I replied yes; where are they says he; I answered, here at the Red Lion, and I believe I am right; yescried he, you are right. He told me the cart was gone before, and that he staid on purpose to receive the goods. He asked me to drink part of a pot of beer with him, which I did.
Q. Did he receive them of you?
Thomas. Yes, for I helped them on his shoulder. Says he, They told me it was not above thirty pounds weight, but I believe it is above half a hundred; and seemed to go grumbling away with them.
Q. Did you help the goods into the cart for him ?
Thomas. No, I did not, for there was no cart.
Q. What did the prisoner do with the goods when you gave them to him?
Thomas. He carried them away from that houseand I came back to Mr. Nevil's.
Q. What goods were in the parcel?
Thomas. There was a lump of sugar of thirty-two poundstwo loaves of seventeen pounds and a hal f each, another loaf of eight pounds five ounces, and a pound of tea. After we had had information it was miscarried, I went to the inn and desired the people there, when they saw the man again, to take him up; but turning myself about, I saw him.
Q. How long had you been absent?
Thomas. I left him about twelve o'clockand it was about five when I went and made my complaintI then got a constable and took him up; he shewed the constable where the goods were, and delivered them to him.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner was the person that took them from you?
Thomas. I am positive he is.
[The goods produced in Court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Prisoner's Defence.
I have been a master-baker
 in Kent-Street, St. George's, but was forced to go away a little for debtand to seek about for bread. I met with one Joseph Hill, who asked me where I was going; I replied to seek for business. After this he asked me if I would drink; I thanked him, being very poor and low, and he gave me a full pot of beer. Whilst we were drinking it, he told me he should be glad if I would stay at the Red Lion for a parcel of goods that was to come from Mr. Nevil's, and carry them to the White Horse at Mile-End for him. I went, and asked if there were any goods there from Mr. Nevil's; they said no; then I asked if there was ever another Red Lionand they said yes. In a short time after I met this man, and seeing him read a note, I asked him if he came from Mr. Nevil's; he said yes: says Iyou are right, you must deliver them to me. I called for a pint of beer to make him drink, having threehalfpence given me for that purpose, and then went to carry it up to Mile-End; but as I was going along, before I came to the White Horse at Mile-End, this Hill overtook me (but whether he came out of an alehouse or not I cannot say), then I turned back, pitched the things on a bench, and said I could not carry them; upon which he took them, and gave me sixpence. I came back again, to the Whittington and Cat in Whitechapel, and staid there a little time; and when I went from thence, this man came to me, saying, What have you done with the goods you had of me? I answered that they were gone into the country; then he said his master was cheated. I said, for God's sake let me carry you to the place where the goods are laid; so I carried him there, and delivered the goods to him again. I have given all the relations I possibly could to have Hill taken.
Q. to prosecutor. Do you know this Joseph Hill?
Prosecutor. No, I don't know any such man, except he is the person that came and ordered these goods in the name of Edwards.



               Guilty
            .






