





54. (M.) 
               
                  Jane, wife
 of 
                     
                        James 
                        Fowls 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing 1 linen gown, 1 stuff petticoat, 1 silk capuchin, 1 cloth cloak, 4 silk handkerchiefs, 1 pair of silver tea tongs, and 2 linen aprons
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hammond 
                  




                
            , Nov. 28
. ||


                  Ann 
                  Edwards 
               



            . I live servant with 
               
                  John 
                  Hammond 
               



            . The prisoner was servant
 to Mrs. Nugent, and lived in the same house. My mistress came home and pull'd off her cloaths at night, this day se'nnight. The next day we missed the things.
Q. What things did you miss?
Edwards. We missed a dark cotton gown, a petticoat, 4 silk handkerchiefs, a silk capuchin, a cardinal made of scarlet cloth, one loose gown, two white aprons, and a pair of silver tea tongs; they were the property of Mr. Hammond, and left in my care. The prisoner was missing when they were.


                  Sarah 
                  Nugent 
               



            . Mrs. Hammond lodged at my house. The prisoner was my servant. Mrs. Hammond missed the goods mention'd, and the prisoner absconded from her service. I went up and down to see if I could find her. She was found on the Tuesday, and had the gown on at the time.
Q. Did you see it on her?
Nugent. I did. We have got most of the goods again. She came up to town to look for her husband, and was in great distress. She heard he was in town, and I believe she took the things through vanity, with intent to appear before him, and to return them again.
Q. Do you know whether she had seen her husband ?
Nugent. I don't know that she had.
Q. What goods have you got again?
Nugent. All but the capuchin and tea tongs.
Q. Did she say what she had done with them?
Nugent. She said she had pledg'd them somewhere in Tyburn-road, but could not tell the place; there were two of the handkerchiefs missing, but she said she did not take but two. She cry'd bitterly when she saw me, and beg'd my pardon. She behaved herself very well with me.
Prisoner's defence.
I did intend to bring these things, back again. I had not seen my husband till last Friday, which was the first time I saw him since I came to London. I met him accidentally in the street, the day I went away; and I went to him.
Q. to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Nugent 
               



            . Do you think she would have came back, and return'd the goods, had she not been pursued?
Nugent. Indeed, my lord, I do believe she would.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





               When the prisoner came to receive her sentence to be privately whip'd, she much desired to be transported for some years; and the Court, after some time, did comply with her request; for which she returned them thank
            .
