






324. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Flat 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one hempen bag, value 6 d. three loafs of sugar, value 3 l. 8 s. fourteen pounds weight of sugar candy, fourten pounds weight of raisins, fourteen pounds weight of rice, three pounds weight of barley, and three pounds weight of pepper; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Comlin 
                        



                      
                  , being in a certain vessel lying on the river Thames
            , August 10

. ++


                  William 
                  Peart 
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar take my boat away from Church Head Alley Hole, joining to London-Bridge



. He pull'd at my sculls and row'd away. I pursued him and call'd stop thief.
Q. Were any things in the boat?
Peart. There were some grocery goods belonging to 
               
                  William 
                  Comlin 
               



             of Wandsworth. He left the boat and goods at Cole Harbour, and jump'd on shore. He was never out of my sight only as he turn'd round a barge.
Q. How did you pursue him?
Peart. I pursued him in another boat. He was taken on shore.
Q. What did he say for himself?
Peart. He said he knew nothing of it. There was a constable at hand, who took charge of him, and carried him to the Poultry Compter.
Q. When was this ?
Peart. This was between eight and nine in the morning, on the 10th of Augu st.


                  William 
                  Harrop 
               



            . I was landing some goods at the same time at Fishmongers Wharf. I heard Peart call stop thief. I had known the prisoner seven or eight years. I ran along shore, and laid hold of him, just as he came up the stairs by Watermens Hall He was carry'd before Alderman Alexander the same day, and charg'd with stealing the grocery. He said he was in the boat, that was all.
Q. to Peart. Did you hear the prisoner say any thing before the Alderman ?
Peart. He said he was in the boat.
Prisoner's Defence.
There was a press gang saw me going along by St. Magnus's Church. I ran down to the water side, where I saw this boat lying. I jump'd into her, and put her off to save myself.




               Guilty, 39 s
            .
He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing one linen sheet, value 3 s. one other sheet, value 4 s. one pair of pillowbiers, two linen aprons, one petticoat, four pair of stockings, one linen handkerchief, three tuckers, one lawn apron, and five other linen handkerchiefs, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Doyle 
                        



                      
                  , spinster
, the same being in a certain vessel lying on the river Thames
            .
No evidence appearing he was 


               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


