





224. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Wright 
                  , otherwise 
Wilkerson




            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver cream pot, value 20 s.
             the property of dame 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Milbank 
                  




                
            , widow
, Feb. 9
.* 
Mrs. Colier. On the 9th of February the prisoner brought this silver cream pot (producing one) to my house, to pawn. I said if she would bring me another piece of plate with the same arms, if it was but a tea-spoon, she should have it again; or else I should stop it; that she said she could easily do. Then she said, don't you know me? I said, I have seen you before, but you will give me leave to stop it. It being too late in the evening, when it came into my hand, to put it into the Daily-Advertiser; I said to her, I shall put you to two shillings expence; she said she did not care if it was six. She said, do you know Mr. Jennings the sadler? I said, yes, he is a very honest man, and if he comes and says it is your's, you shall have it again. Two days after my lady Milbank advertised it. I sent word, and my lady's servant came and brought a tea pot with the same arms on it; and I deliver'd it to him.
Q. Where did you find the prisoner again?
M. Colier. She was taken up for another offence.


                  Robert 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am servant to my lady Milbank. On the 9th of February this pot was taken out of our house, with four tea spoons and a pair of sugar tongs, my lady's property. There was a woman on that day came and enquired for Mrs. Green. I order'd her to go down into her room, which she did, and Mrs. Green came to her. I took but little notice of her, and can't be sure that the prisoner is the woman. When she went out, she said it is most sad weather. About an hour after the footman came, and said the things were taken away. When the prisoner was before the justice she denied being the person.
Ann Green. I believe the prisoner to be the person that came to my lady Milbank's; but she is differently dressed to what she was then.
Q. Had you ever seen her before?
A. Green. I had, three or four times, when she came from Mrs. Brown's with messages to me; and I have seen her there. On the 9th of February, about two o'clock, I was call'd down from my lady's dressing room by the last witness to her, I verily believe. She said she came from Mrs. Brown, to measure a hoop of my lady's, which Mrs. Brown had made, saying a lady was to have one made in the same manner. I told her to go into my room. I believe the cream pot was there then, but I had not the care of it. Then I went up stairs and brought the hoop down, and she measured it; after that, she desired to see a smaller hoop; I went up again, and sent one down by my lady's chamber maid, but she returned, and said there was no woman there. In about an hour after the footman came and ask'd me if I knew where the cream pot was; then, as the woman went away without her errand, I mistrusted she had taken it; then I sent to Mrs. Brown's, and her servant came and let me know she had been discharged from her service about thirteen or fourteen months, and that she was a very idle person. The prisoner own'd before the justice, that she had seen me when she lived with Mrs. Brown.
Prisoner. I know nothing of what is laid to my charge.



               Guilty
            .

There was another indictment against her, by the names of Wilkerson, otherwise Shakestaff, otherwise Wright, for stealing nine gold rings, and other things, but it not being capital, she was not tried upon it, being already cast for transportation.




[Transportation. See summary.]


