





334. (M.) 
               
                  Eleanor, wife
 of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Hine 
                     



                   otherwise 
Eleanor Long




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three China plates, value 3 s. eight China saucers, value 4 s. three China cups, value 2 s. two Delft plates, one China sugar bason, one copper stand for a teakettle, two brass nozzels for sockets, one glass crewetone ounce of green tea, one silver teaspoon, one white metal teaspoon, and one mahogony teaboard
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Graham 
                  




                
            , April 27
.* 
John Graham. I live at Isleworth


, or Thistleworth, and the prisoner came to live with me as a servant
. I being informed that a bundle was given out of my window to a waterman, I sent to him, and he told me he had carried a bundle away, but that his boy fetched it from my house. I asked our maid, who is the prisoner, about it, and she said there was none at all.
Court. Your maid! why she is a wife here, the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Hine 
               



            .
Prisoner. No, my Lord, my husband is 
               
                  John 
                  Hine 
               



            .
Graham. Her husband was transported for swearing something about a commission of bankruptcy. [See his trial, number 523 in Sir Crisp Gascoyne's Mayoralty ] The next bundle carried out was by the gardener; in which bundle were these goods: a mahogony tea-boarda brown China teapot, a China soop plate, one white Delft plate, one brown and yellow ditto, six China saucers, three China cups, one coffee cup, one sugar bason, one copper teakettle stand, two brass nozzels for sconcesone glass oil crewet, a small quantity of green tea, one silver teaspoon, and one white metal one.
Q. What do you think is the value of them?
Graham. They are worth about ten or twelve shillings. I have got them all again, and they are all my property. I took the prisoner up, and she confessed the taking them before the justice.
Q. Was her confession taken in writing before the justice?
Graham. I do not know that, but I heard her confess it.


                  John 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I am headborough. I heard the prisoner confess she took the things before the justice.


                  John 
                  Godfrey 
               



            . I am a bricklayer. I was going to work at Mr. Graham's, and found the gardener standing at the door; but we could not get in. He told me the maid was taken up upon suspicion of stealing things from her master.
Q. Do you know any thing of that from your own knowledge?
Godfrey. Yes, I saw all the things taken out of the bundle.


                  James 
                  Lawrance 
               



            . I am the gardener, and had the bundle of things from the prisoner. I took it to my house. She desired I would lay them aside at my house till she called for them, but I delivered them to my master.
Q. Did you hear her confess afterwards how she came by them?
Lawrance. She never did in my hearing.


                  Henry 
                  Knight 
               



            . I was Mr. Graham's waterman, and the prisoner delivered a bundle to my man.


                  William 
                  Hitchcock 
               



            . The prisoner delivered a bundle to me last month, which I carried to the White Horse, Three Cranes, at London, by her order, and brought them back again to her master's house. Mr. Graham had them again.
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


