





188 (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Bray 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing fifteen pounds weight of brass, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Alexander 
                  




                
            , Esq
; March 7
. ++
Mr. Milward. I am joiner to Mr. Alderman Alexander. The prisoner was a founder
 and finisher to him, he came to me and ask'd me for the key of the foundery shop. I found he had got some wire to neal in the furnace, I gave it him; he ask'd me for a candle, I said, I had never a one; he said he would go down into the foundery shop, he went; I went to go there, and there was 
               
                  William 
                  Mills 
               



            : I ask'd him if Bray had any wire a nealing in the furnace, he said no. Soon after, I saw a light in the surff-cellar, a place where we put old brass: soon after came the prisoner out and shut the door after him, and set down the candle; his apron was full of something. I set Mills to watch him: soon after Mills came and said he was gone away; I sent Mills after him, who brought him back with about fifteen pounds weight of brass, call'd yellow metal about him; some in his pockets, and some in his apron, which he emptied before us in the shop, and said he was very sorry for what he had done.
Q. Whose property was it?
Milward. It is the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Alexander 
               



            , Esq;
Q. How long had he work'd for Mr. Alexander?
Milward. He had work'd for him about ten years; he was carried before a justice of the peace, and charg'd with stealing this brass; he said he could not deny it, and was very sorry. for it.


                  William 
                  Mills 
               



            . I work for Mr. Alderman Alexander in the foundery. I came to work about six o'clock, and Bray was in the shop with a candle, he came up and put the candle down, and went out of the shop. Mr. Milward ordered me to follow him, I did, and ask'd him what he had got in his apron? He said, he had got some tin; I said where are you a going with it, he answer'd I am coming back soon. I put my hand into his apron, and found it to be yellow brass. I made him come back along with me into the foundery, and got a thing and emptied it into from out of his apron and pockets. We took him before a justice, he told him he could not deny it, when charg'd with stealing it, and said he was very sorry for it. (It was Mr. Alexander's property.)
Q. How do you know this to be Mr. Alexander's property?
Mills. He had nothing in his apron when he went down into the surff cellar, and there is nothing else there but such brass, the property of Mr. Alderman Alexander.


                  Benjamin 
                  Merryman 
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Alderman Alexander. (He produced the brass.)
Prisoner's defence.
It was none of the Alderman's property; my wife bought it and I brought it with me to the shop, in order to sell it as other people do, and I went out to get a penny worth of purl for myself, and said I'd be back presently. No, said Mills, you shall come back along with me, with all my hear said I; and he took it away out of my apron. They took me the next morning before the justice, and ask'd me what I had to say for myself. I said, I was sorry they should bring me to that place, I never was before I justice in my life before. I have work'd in the shop almost ten years, please to ask these two witnesses my character.

Mills. I have known him four or five years, I never heard that he was guilty of any misdemeanour before this affair.
Milward. He behav'd very well in the shop, as a very civil man among his shop-mates.


                  Benjamin 
                  Merryman 
               



            . I have known him seven years, I never heard he did any thing amiss before this, nor was he ever suspected before.
What is his general character?
Merryman. He has a common good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


