





421. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ambrose 
                     Pearson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mug, val 4l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wilmot 
                        




                      
                  . in the dwelling house of the said John
            , June 21
. *
John Wilmot. I live in Bishopsgate-street without


, and am a publican
. I lost a silver pint mug on the 21st of June last.
Q. Of what value ?
Wilmot. It was worth three or four pounds: I can give no account of the loosing it, but it was found upon the prisoner.


                  David 
                  Hart 
               



            . I deal in China ware, and travel with a licence. On a Wednesday, I don't know the day of the month ; it being a rainy day, I stood at a publick-house door, the prisoner came to me and ask'd for one Benjamin; after that he offer'd me a silver pint mug to sell, I stopp'd him and the mug, and sent for 
               
                  Coleman 
                  Solomon 
               



            , the constable, and gave him charge of the prisoner, there was engrav'd upon it, John Wilmot, at the Green Dragon, Bishopsgate street. The prisoner is a coachman, and told me he found it in the boot of his coach.


                  Coleman 
                  Solomon 
               



            . I am constable. (He produces a silver pint mug) This is the mug that the last evidence deliver'd to me with the prisoner.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Look at that mug, do you know it?
Prosecutor. This is the mug I lost.
Solomon. The prisoner confess'd he took the mug from out of Mr. Wilmot's house, that he call'd for a pint of beer and drank it, and took the mug away in his pocket, when he was before the Alderman. I went with him in the coach to Newgate; he confess'd going along that he took it, and was very sorry for it.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Did you see the prisoner in your house that day ?
Prosecutor. I did.
Q. What time did you miss the mug ?
Prosecutor. I did not miss it till the evening.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence.
To his Character.


                  John 
                  Goodacre 
               



             I have known the prisoner about; 8 to 10 years, he has been a servant to me about 3 years, is a coachman, we have sent him to gentlemen's houses, and never heard any complaint of him; he always behav'd very well in his place.
Q. How long has he left your service.
Goodacre. He left us about a year ago?


                  Margaret 
                  Allen 
               



            . I have known him between 15 and 16 years, I never saw any misbehaviour by him in my life.


                  John 
                  Norton 
               



            . I have known him about nine years, he always behav'd in a civil manner, and did his business well, for whatever I heard.


                  Richard 
                  Mumford 
               



            . I remember the prisoner to drive Serjeant Urling; he was look'd upon then as a very honest man.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


