






84. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Hulston 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen gown, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ralph 
                           Lawrence 
                        



                      
                  , one iron key value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Revil 
                        



                      
                  , Esq

; December 25
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Weaver 
               



            . I live servant with Esquire Revil, in Catherine-wheel-yard


, about half an hour after one o'clock on Christmas-day, I saw the prisoner go out of our stable, and seeing the stable door open, I called to him; he said he had not been there, and came back again very orderly to the stable ; I saw some thing under his coat on his right side. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Thompson 
               



             was there ; he asked the prisoner what he had under his coat? he said it was his sister's gown; Thompson took it from him; then Mr. Anderson came, I missed the key of our door, I asked the prisoner if he had it, he denied it, but upon Mr. Anderson's saying he would fetch a constable, he delivered it to him; the constable has the gown; he is not here, it is my sister's ; her husband's name is 
               
                  Ralph 
                  Lawrance 
               



            .
Q. Where was the gown before?


                  Mary 
                  Weaver 
               



            . It was hanging on a horse in the coach-house that very day; I saw it about an hour before.


                  Henry 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I was at the stable; the young woman had called the prisoner back, she called me to her, she said this lad had been in the stable; I asked him what he had in his bosom, he said his sister's gown ; he said a black-shoe-boy gave him the gown ; I saw him deliver the key.
Q. Do you know whose gown it is ?
Thompson. I have seen it many a time before, I then thought whose it was.
Q. Can you take upon you positively to swear who it belonged to.
Thompson. No, I don't chuse to do that, I have seen Mrs. Lawrance wear such a one.


                  Alexander 
                  Anderson 
               



            . I was going to dinner, those two evidences were in the yard, and said they had got a thief there ; the gown was taken from the boy before I came ; I was much acquainted with Mrs. Lawrance, and have seen her with the gown on many times.
Prisoner's defence.
Coming along betwixt twelve and one o'clock, there was a stone in my shoe, I sat down under the stable door to take it out, a woman came out of the stable and gave me the gown and key, at the stable door, I knew her very well, she used to black shoes by our house, she desired me to carry the gown to the top of Catherine-wheel-yard, and she would give me some thing for carrying it ; the gentlewoman called out at the chamber window, and said, what did I do in the stable? I said I had not been there; she asked what I had in my bosom ; then it struck into my head, I thought the woman stole it, there was a coachman saw me; I can't find the woman out that gave the gown to me to carry, my friends have been all about.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


