





103. (L.) 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hays 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing one iron malt-mill, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Russel 
                  




                
            . Jan. 1
. ++ .


                  Robert 
                  Russel 
               



            . I am a broker
, and live at the corner of Harp-Alley


; the house next to mine is uninhabited, where I put goods in; I had, amongst other things, a malt-mill, I went into the house on New-year's-day and miss'd the mill, and by enquiring about, I found it at Mr. Hunts, a mill-maker in Crooked lane, who told me, he had bought it of two men that came with it to sell. I desired him, if he should see either of them, to stop them. On the Wednesday following I receiv'd a message from him that he had got one of them. I went there and found it to be the prisoner; we got a constable and charg'd him; the next day I took him before the sitting alderman at Guild-hall; the account that he gave, was, that he was employed as a porter to carry the wheel for one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Boswell 
               



             to Mr. Hunt's house, and he said Boswell carried the Mill; and that he own'd likewise he sold the mill for 10 s.


                  John 
                  Walker 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Russel; when we missed the mill I went about to enquire who bought such a one. I went to Mr. Hunt's in Crooked-lane. There I saw the mill; [produced in court] this is the same mill we lost, it is my master's property. I saw the prisoner when he was secured. I asked him how he came by the mill, he said he was employed to sell it by one. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Boswell 
               



            . I asked him where he lived; he said he lived at Hammersmith. I asked him where Boswell was to be found; he told me a place, but upon my enquiring, I found such a man had lived there, but he was gone. I went about the neighbourhood and enquired for him, and heard of him at 2 or three places but never could meet with him.


                  Richard 
                  Hunt 
               



            . The prisoner and another man brought this mill to my shop, I was not in the way when they came first. My servant came to me and told me there was a mill brought to be sold. I went home and ask'd the prisoner what he expected for it? He said, 12 s. we agreed for 10, and I paid the prisoner the money; when they went out at the door, the prisoner went one way and the man that came with him the other. On the Wednesday following, Mr. Russel's servant called upon me, I shew'd him the mill; he said it was his master's property; he and his master desired me, if I saw either of the men, to secure them: after which, my servant secured the prisoner; I desired him to go with me to Mr. Russel; he charged him with stealing the mill.
Q. What account did the prisoner give of himself?
Hunt. He said he lived at Hammersmith; but upon enquiry I found the place of his habitation was in St. Andrew's, Holbourn.
Q. Which did you look upon to be the owner of the mill, the prisoner, or the other man?
Hunt. I look'd upon the prisoner to be the principal owner of it.


                  Edward 
                  Hitchcock 
               



            . I was not in the shop at the time the two men brought the mill; the prisoner brought only the wheel; the other person brought the mill; Mr. Hunt was not for giving him his price, then the prisoner said, I'll settle this matter, we'll, take 10 s. for it; and master paid the 10 s. into the prisoner's hand; as s oon as the money was paid, they went both to the door and immediately separated. I was present when Mr. Russel's man came to enquire if a mill had been sold there; and also when Mr. Russel, the prisoner and my master were together. The prisoner said, before several people there, that the mill belonged to a poor widow, and he was employed to sell it for her.
Q. to Russel. Was the lock of the door where the mill was, forc'd open ?
Russel. No; it did not appear to he broke. I know not which way they got into the house.
Q. to Hunt. Did you hear the prisoner say the mill belong'd to a poor widow?
Hunt. I did.
Several people appeared in the prisoner's behalf who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


