





203. (M.) 
               
                  Richard 
                  Munday 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 16 yards of sattin, value 40 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Williams 
                     




                   , Widow
, in her shop
            , February 13
. ||
Elizabeth Williams. I keep a warehouse for capuchines, bonnet, cloaks, and several other articles, in St. Martin's Court


. On the 13th of February last I lost 16 yards of black sattin out of my shop, but know not who took it.


                  Sarah 
                  Creamer 
               



            . I lived with Mrs. Williams at the time. On the 13th of February last I was at work behind the counter, when two men came in, a tall one and a short one. [Note, The prisoner and the evidence were such, the prisoner the tallest.] I believe the prisoner is the man that asked me to shew him some ribband. I arose up from behind the counter to shew him some. They bought none, but assoon as they were gone out of the shop I missed a piece of sattin, of about 10 yards, which when they came in lay on the counter before me. I acquainted the prosecutrix's brother of it, and what sort of men had been there, but we never heard any more of it.


                  Sarah 
                  Monkford 
               



            . I can only say there were two such men came into the shop, to buy ribbands, on the 13th of February, and that the prisoner at the bar was one of them, for he looked earnestly at me, and I particularly observed him, and also saw the sattin on the counter a very little time before they came in, but I went out of the shop before they did.
Q. from the prisoner. What was the reason she would not swear to me before the justice?
S. Monkford. It was Sarah Creamer that would not swear to him, I did.


                  William 
                  Cole 
               



            . The prisoner is the man that was along with me, when we took the sattin from off the counter of the prosecutrix's shop in St. Martin's Court.
Q. Who took it?
Cole. I took it.
Q. When did you take it ?
Cole. On the 13th of February. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Munday 
               



             went in to cheapen some black sattin ribband, and I seeing an opportunity took it.

Q. How much was there of it ?
Cole. There were 16 yard, of it.
Q. What did you do with it ?
Cole. We sold it to 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Abrahams 
               



             the Jew, for 3 s. per yd.
Q. What did you do with the money ?
Cole. We shared the money equally. We thought we had a bad price for it; and as we came back we call'd in at another shop to cheapen some, after that we thought we had a pretty good price for it, the people having ask'd a crown a yard for some.
Q. What is this 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Abrahams 
               



             the Jew?
Cole. He fells things about the country. I had sold things to him before; and he told us if we had any thing to fell, he would buy it, be it what it would.
Prisoner. He swore before justice Welch that the prosecutrix was in the shop when it was taken.
Cole. I did not swear so.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Did you hear Cole swear that you was in the shop at the time ?
Prosecutrix. He did not swear I was.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw Cole before in my life; there are more 
               
                  Richard 
                  Munday 
               



            's than one.
Q. to Cole. How long have you known the prisoner ?
Cole. I have known him a year; he is the very man that went into the shop with me.
Prisoner. He is a very great villain; he will say any thing to save his own life.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


