





219. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Saunders 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two hats, value 10 s. one pair of pumps, value 5 s. six pounds weight of tallow candles, nineteen hundred of needles, three thousand pins, twelve dozen of thread buttons for shirts, forty six yards of silk ribbon, value 15 s. and ten yards of blond lace; value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Nowling 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said Thomas
            , April 29
.


                  Thomas 
                  Nowling 
               



            . The prisoner is a journeyman carpenter
, and was employ'd in my shop, to alter it, from March the 5th till about the 29th of April.
Q. What are you?
Nowling. I am a haberdasher
; in the first place I missed two hats and a pair of pumps.
Q Do you sell such hats and pumps in your shop?
Nowling. I do not; I had them for my own wear.
Q. What particular goods that you deal in did you lose out of the shop?
Nowling. I deal in every thing else but the hats; pumps and candles. I inquired if any body had laid my hats and pumps out of the way, and particularly I asked the prisoner at the bar, who said he knew nothing of them. Some time afterwards he asked me if I had found them, adding that the plaisterers and bricklayers were sad chaps, thereby giving me to understand that it was probable some of them had taken them. On the 29th of April, in the morning, the maid complain'd she had lost a handkerchief, which she had hung before the fire when she went to bed. Then I began to think it time to be as industrious as I could in finding out the thief, and decared I would find it out. I then went to Mr. Nixon, the master whom I employ'd to do the work, and told him the affair, and we agreed to take out a search warrant. The master, not knowing where the prisoner lived, dodged him home, and afterwards we went with the warrant and searched his lodgings, but found nothing. Then the constable advised me to take all the workmen up, to try who would confess; so I took out a warrant, but suspecting the prisoner only, I told the others my intention. I found he had left his work, but going to his lodging again I met with him, and gave the constable charge of him. In going down stairs he got the start of us and ran away, but we retook him, and carry'd him to justice St. Lawrance. There I said, Saunders, if you'll confess where the things are, so that I can get them again, I'll be favourable to you. He then beg'd I would talk to him by himself, so we went together, and he told me I should have all my things again. He said he knew of but one hat, and that was at a pawnbroker's in West-Street, Seven-Dials. His wife said she would go and fetch me the other hat and pumps. I asked her where they were. She said they were in the apartment of one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Blundell 
               



            . I took out a warrant to search that house, and going along we met 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Blundell 
               



             with the hat and pumps in her apron, and searching up stairs we found the other things with the candles among them; I took up particularly a pair of childrens shoes with my mark in them (produced in court) and this piece of blond lace (holding it in his hand) I know to be my property. After this he confess'd he had taken all the things mention'd in the indictment from me.
Q. Were the things open before him when he confess'd that?
Nowling. They were.
Q. Where was it?
Nowling. It was before the justice.
Q. Are these all goods that you bought to sell again in your shop?
Nowling. They are all except one ribbon, which is my maid's. I ask'd him yesterday (because I would not have any one wrongfully accused) whether any body was concern'd with him. He own'd he took them himself, and nobody was privy to it.
Eliz. Blundell. These things produced here were brought to my house by the prisoner's sister.
Q. What is her name?
E. Blundell. Her name is 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Mills 
               



            .


                  Elizabeth 
                  Mills 
               



            . The prisoner is my brother-in-law; he sent me with these things to Mrs. Blundell's, and I carried them, but did not know what they were.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was at work at the prosecutor's house, I can say no more, only if the court pleases to call my master to my character.
Richard Nixon. The prisoner work'd with me ever since August last till he was taken up. I put great confidence in him, as thinking him an honest man, till this affair; finding there was some suspicion of him, I was at the taking him up, and heard him confess before the justice that he took away all these things.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


