






133, 134. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Kendall 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Tame 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 2 s. 6 d. one flannel waistcoat, value 1 s. one pair of breeches, one shirt, three linnen handkerchiefs, one pair of mens shoes, one hat, one perriwig, one pair of silver buckles, one pair of silver sleeve buttons, one half-guinea, and fourteen shillings in silver
            ; the goods, chattels, and money, of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Langham 
                  




                
            , Jan. 23
. ++


                  William 
                  Langham 
               



            . I lost a coat, a hat, a wig, a shirt, a waistcoat, a pair of breeches, a pair of shoes, a pair of silver buckles, three handkerchiefs, a pair of silver sleeve buttons, and half a guinea; I believe Martha Tame took them.
Q. Why do you believe so?
Langham. Because we all went to bed, and in the morning I missed them and her also.
Q. What was she?
Langham. She was my servant
.

Q. How long had she been your servant?


                  William 
                  Langham 
               



            . She had been my servant two years before; she never wronged me before; and I believe she would not have done it now, had not she been linked in with the other prisoner.
Q. Did you ever get your things again?
Langham. I found my wearing apparel upon her.
Q. How upon her?
Langham. At the lodgings where the prisoners both lodged; we found them both in bed together, and charged the Constable with them.
Q. What did they say for themselves?
Langham. They gave me no answer at all.
Q. Did you find your money again?
Langham. No: nor buckles, nor buttons neither.
Q. Did not you lose some silver?
Langham. No: I did not.
Q. Where were these things taken from in your house?
Langham. The wearing apparel were in the kitchen and the other things in a drawer there.
Q. Was the drawer locked?
Langham. No.
Q. What are you?
Langham. I am a Chimney-sweeper
.
Q. What do you know against Kendall?
Langham. I know nothing against her, only her confession and the other's.
Q. What did they confess?
Langham. 
               
                  Martha 
                  Tame 
               



             confessed, that Kendall stood in a shed which I have in my yard, while she was paking up the things.
Q. Where did she confess this?
Langham. Before Justice Bever: and that it was agreed upon between them, that Kendall was to be at my door at ten o'clock at night, and then they were to rob me.
Q. What did Kendall confess?
Langham. She said the same after the other had begun; she said she made a whisper through the hole of the door, and 
               
                  Martha 
                  Tame 
               



             was drawing a pail of water, and she let her in.
Q. Did Tame acknowledge this ?
Langham. She did.
Q. Was the half-guinea mentioned before the Justice?
Langham. It was.
Q. Who mention'd it?
Langham. I did.
Q. What did they say to that?
Langham. I believe they said they had it, but I can't be sure.


                  Mary 
                  Langham 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; 
               
                  Ann 
                  Kendall 
               



             made two pair of gloves for me, and brought them home; I paid her one and twenty pence for knitting one pair, and nine pence for the other.
Q. Where does she live?
Langham. She liv'd at Hammersmith, I made her stay to dine; then she got acquainted with the other prisoner 
               
                  Martha 
                  Tame 
               



            ; I always reckoned her a very honest girl before this, and if the court will discharge her I'll take her again.
Q. Give an account; did you lose any goods?
M. Langham. I lost the things laid in the indictment.
Q. Was you at the finding them again that were found?
M. Langham. I was with my husband at the same time when they were found.
Q. Where were they found?
M. Langham. They were found in the house of Irish Dick, a lodging house at Hammresmith, in the room where the two prisoners were in bed together; 
               
                  Ann 
                  Kendall 
               



             had one of my handkerchiefs round her neck at the time.
Q. Where was your half guinea taken from?
M. Langham. It was taken from out of a drawer in the kitchen; I miss'd it, but found no money upon the prisoners.
Q. Did you ask them how they came by the cloaths ?
M. Langham. They did not deny taking them, but said it was done out of a frolick.
Q. Did they both say that?
M. Langham. They did.
Q. Where do you live?
M. Langham. We live in Sermon-lane Doctors-Commons.

Kendall's Defence.
I receiv'd a handkerchief with a few things in it of the girl's (meaning her fellow prisoner) when she came away; I thought they were her own wearing apparel; when they came and took her, I put that handkerchief about my neck.
Tame's Defence.
The first time I became acquainted with this woman (meaning the prisoner Kendall) was, I was travelling into Gloucestershire, and came to a place call'd Cheltenham; there I met with this woman, I told her I could knit; she took me to her house to knit for her, her husband was a bricklayer by trade: while I was knitting for her, she bid me tell her husband that I was her brother's child, which I did; she kept a puppet-show, and I travelled with her with the show to a great many places; she can't say that I ever wrong'd her of a farthing, there she is, if she can, let her speak it. We came up to London, and I went to the prosecutor's house, and was hired to be his servant, and was there three weeks this last time, I was with him before; while I was there, he bought me two shifts and was kind to me; this woman came and persuaded me to come away; she came persuading me for three Sundays together; at last, I said I would come away; I ask'd her what she would have me to do? saying, my master has bought me two shifts, and they were very kind to me; she said take all you can, for you know you must never see their faces more, nor your own country neither; I said, what must I take? and said there was some money in the kitchen; she said, take all you can, but be sure take nothing that is mark'd.
To Tame's character.


                  Mary 
                  Notcrafts 
               



            . I have known the prisoner Tame above two years; she liv'd servant with me.
Q. How did she behave?
Notcrafts. She behaved very well; I trusted her with things of value, I never knew her to wrong me of any thing.
Q. How long did she live with you?
Notcrafts. Almost a year and a half.
Q. How long is that ago?
Notcrafts. It is about twelve months since she left my service, or better.
Q. Where did she go when she left you?
Notcrafts. After she went from me she went to Dover, and I never saw her since 'till now; she has had the care of a great many valuable things, and I always found her very honest and just to me.


                  David 
                  Ellise 
               



            . I have known the prisoner Tame, I believe, between five and six years.
Q. What has been her behaviour?
Ellise. I never heard any thing amiss of her 'till this time; she behaved in a very handsome way, and whether she is guilty of this or not, I can't say; I have known her to live twice with Mr. Langham.


                  Joseph 
                  Hart 
               



            . I have known 
               
                  Martha 
                  Tame 
               



             about three years.
Q. What has been her general character?
Hart. She bore a very fair character; an honest girl as far as ever I heard.
Q. Where did she live when you knew her.
Hart. She was servant with the prosecutor in Sermon-lane.


                  John 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I have known 
               
                  Martha 
                  Tame 
               



             nine years.
Q. Where did you know her first?
Stevens. I knew her when she was a little girl and went to school.
Q. Have you known her lately ?
Stevens. Yes, I have.

Q. Where did she live then?
Stevens. She has liv'd with Mr Langham too and again.
Q. Where do you live?
Stevens. I lodge with Mr Langham.
Q. How long have you lodg'd there?
Stevens. I have lodg'd there six years.
Q. What is her general character?
Stevens. I never knew any harm by her in my life; I have left silver, and silver buckles out, and never lost any thing by her; she has return'd me money that has been dropp'd out of my pocket several times, when I have left my breeches under my head on a Sunday morning.
Q. What are you?
Stevens. I am a plaisterer.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Dudley 
               



            . I have known Martha ame three or four years, or more.
Q. What is her general character?
Dudley. Since my acquaintance with her I never heard any harm of her; but she always behav'd sober and very well for what I know.
Kendall 

               guilty
            .
Tame 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


