





18. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Sadler 
                  , otherwise 
Cartwright




            , was indicted for 


               stealing 70 pounds weight of lead, value 7 s.
             the property of persons unknown, Nov. 3
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I am a watchman; to the best of my remembrance, last Friday was a month, about 6 in the morning, I met the prisoner at the bar, coming down St Giles's, with a bag of lead; he pitch'd it on a bulk; I ask'd him what he had in his bag; he said, he would not tell me; when he found I would know he threw the bag down and ran away, and I after him; I took him, he pulled out this iron chissel. (Producing one, about a foot long.) He throw'd it down into an area; I had assistance; we searched, and found this knife in his pocket, ( Producing a case-knife, with about two inches broke off, and ground up very convenient to cut lead,) it was in a sheath. We ask'd him were he brought the lead from; at first he said from Whetstone, and at last he said from Hadley from out of a stable; we weighed it, and it weigh'd near fourscore pounds; there are ten pieces of it; we took him before justice Welch; there he said he found it. Mr Welch ask'd him were he liv'd, he said at Westminster, then Mr Welch sent me to the house were he said he lodg'd, they told me he had been gone out on the yesterday, and had not been at home.
Prisoner. The justice ask'd me where I lay that night; and I said, in my own room.


                  James 
                  Noise 
               



            . I rent the place where the lead was stole from, in Kentish-town; it was stole away on the Thursday-night, from a middle gutter, between a coach-house and stable.
Q. Have you seen the lead?
Noise. I saw it the next morning, it was cut into ten pieces.
Q. Did it match the place?
Noise. I believe it did; but here is the Plumber that laid it down, he can give a better account, (he takes the chissel in his hand,) I believe I can almost swear this chissel was used in breaking the door open, where he went up to the lead; there are marks on the posts in wrenching it, exactly the size.


                  Alexander 
                  Morris 
               



            . I put up this lead at Kentish-town, I think it was in the month of June or July; I know it to be the same.
Q. Look at that knife?
Morris. This is a very proper knife in our business; it is a very handy thing to cut the lead.


                  Joseph 
                  Holme 
               



            . While we were fitting the lead Mr Noise came with this chissel; we compared it to the dent it had made in the wood, and it fitted it as true as the impression of a seal.
Prisoner's defence. I found that knife and chissel in a bag, with a pretty deal of hay and lead in it; I pull'd out some of the hay and saw the lead, but did not count the number of pieces, I stood by it some time and nobody own'd it; then I turn'd back, and was bringing it with me, and the watchman came to me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


