





305. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Felton 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silk scarf, value 1 s. one muslin hood, value 1 s. one pair of muslin ruffles, one silk gown, two linen shifts, and eight guineas in money
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Marser 
                  




                
            , August 28
. +


                  Mary 
                  Marser 
               



            . I live in New Court, Cary-street


. I took the prisoner as my servant
, and she had been with me but three days before I was rob'd.
Q. How long ago?
M. Marser. I believe it may be about three weeks ago; only my husband lives with me, and he is out of his mind. The prisoner desired me to pay her her wages, saying she would not stay, and after she was gone I found a door on my ground floor broke open, as also a trunk broke open, and missed all the things mention'd in the indictment.


                  John 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I am a constable. On the 30th of August the prosecutrix sent for me, I went, and she told me she had been rob'd by the prisoner; the prisoner was brought to me by 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Miles 
               



            . I took her into custody. She confess'd she had stole eight guineas, but had spent some of it, and if I would go behind the Alms-houses I should find some of it conceal'd in a knife box. I lock'd her up, and found four guineas in a knife box as she had said, and in a bed 8 s. 6 d. in silver, and seven pence half penny. I found in that room a muslin hood and a silk scarf. We took her to justice Fielding's, and she acknowledg'd the money to be the property of her mistress there, and also before. The silk gown and two shifts the prisoner's grandmother brought to us after the prisoner was in custody.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Miles 
               



            . I found the prisoner in Hog-lane at the Alms-houses, and brought her to the constable at the Round-house. I saw this silk gown in her box after she came home to her grandmother.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took no more than what is here.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


