






78, 79. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Cleverton 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Gray 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Palmer 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Dec. 31
. ++


                  Francis 
                  Palmer 
               



            . I live at Sheerness, am carpenter
 of a ship. I was in a little place call'd Stonecutters-Alley


, in an upper room, with the two prisoners. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cleverton 
               



             took my watch out of my sob, whilst 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Gray 
               



             held me. Cleverton ran down stairs with it. I kept Gray till assistance came. She promised me if I would go with her to near the King's Arms, by Fleet-ditch, she would bring me to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cleverton 
               



            . I went with her there, and went into a house with her and call'd for a pint of beer; she ask'd for her partner, upon which two men who were there ask'd me what I did with her? they held me whilst she was making her escape; but I flung myself after and took hold of her, and kept her fast, and found the other the next day.
Q. Are you sure you know when your watch was taken ?
Palmer. Yes, she took it then.
Q. Were there any threatening words made use of?
Palmer. No. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cleverton 
               



             acknowledged she had the watch, and offer'd that one Warrington should pay me a shilling per week.
Q. Are you a married man ?
Palmer. I am, but I have not lived with my wife for two years.
Q. Was you sober?
Palmer. I had been drinking a little cheruping cup, and they pick'd me up. I ask'd the way to the Old Bailey, they said they would shew me; they took me to a house; then I gave Cleverton a shilling to fetch some beer; she said the mistress of the house would not suffer beer to be brought in without sixpence for the use of the room. I was not concerned with either of them; they went to tye my hands, and got a handkerchief and struck me with it after they had pull'd down my breeches. I said, I did not like that.
Mr. Pewters. I attended at my Lord-Mayor's with Cleverton after she was committed. She said she would endeavour to find out the person that pawned the watch, if he would give her directions where she should send it to him.
Cleverton's defence. I met the prosecutor on Ludgate Hill, and carried him to the house of Mrs. Williams, a disorderly house in Stonecutters-Alley; he paid sixpence for the use of the room; he had no beer. He ask'd us if we had any rods ? We said no; and if he would have any he must pay sixpence for them. This other young woman had a handkerchief, which she tied a knot in; he said she was a fool, and did not know how to tye a knot to flog a person with; he took it and ty'd 2 more knot in it; and as he had no money, he gave me his watch to pawn, and when I went he kept Gray, and would not let her go.
Gray's defence. I met the prosecutor and Cleverton on Ludgate-Hill; he ask'd me to go with them. We went to Mrs. Williams's house, and he gave Cleverton the watch whilst I was flogging of him; and when I had obliged him, he said you bitch, where is my watch? I said, did not you give it the young woman to pawn. This man keeps a very disorderly house in Bishops Court, in the Old-Bailey.
For the Prisoners.


                  Joanna 
                  Scot 
               



            . I know the prosecutor's wife; she keeps a house that is call'd a disorderly house in Bishops Court, in the Old-Bailey. I have often seen him there.
Prosecutor. It was a wedding contracted about 4 years ago; a man read the ceremony to us about four o'clock one morning, but I have not lived with her these two years. I call there some times.




               Both guilty of stealing, but not privately, from his person
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


