






295 (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Heron 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  Carow 
                  Barnaby 
               



             , were indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 8 s. one cloth waistcoat, val. 4 s. one hat, one linen shirt, two pair of cotton stockings, one pair of thread stockings, one common prayer book, one cotton cap, and one linen handkerchief
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bagshaw 
                  




                
            , Sept. 8
. +


                  John 
                  Bagshaw 
               



            . I lodge at Mrs. Harrison's, in Oxford-road


. Last Friday morning I went to my box to take out some clothes, and I miss'd the things mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Was your box lock'd?
Bagshaw. I left it lock ed.
Q. How did you find it when you missed your things?
Bagshaw. I found it unlock'd.
Q. Was the lock broken?
Bagshaw. I cannot say that it was.
Q. When did you see your things last?
Bagshaw. The Sunday before; I came to the box, to take out a pair of horse scisars.
Q. Did the prisoners lodge in that house?
Bagshaw. They did; but I had never seen them till after I had lost the things. I asked Mrs. Harrison about the things, she had no body that she could suspect but the two prisoners; they were gone. I applied to justice Fielding, and had them advertised; but they returned again, and were taken before the advertisement took place. I took them before justice Fielding, and upon their examination Barnaby confessed the things were in pawn at one Mr. Graygoose's, in Holloway-street; Mr. Fielding sent a man with me, and we found this coat, waistcoat, shirt, and a pair of stockings, ( producing them,) my property, and some other things were found at another pawn-broker's.
Q. What things?
Bagshaw. A pair of stockings, a handkerchief, and a night-cap.
Q. What did Heron say about the things?
Bagshaw. He said nothing at all in my hearing.
Q. What are you?
Bagshaw. I am an ostler; this hat was on Heron's head, when he was taken before justice Fielding; the justice ordered it me, it is my property.
Q. Where were these things before you missed them ?
Bagshaw. They were with the other things in my box.


                  Martha 
                  Harrison 
               



            . The two prisoners had lodg'd with me about a fortnight when these things were lost; the prosecutor had got a place, and had left my room, and put his box in a closet by the side of the room where the two prisoners lay.
Q. Did the two prisoners lodge together?
Harrison. Barnaby took the lodgings for himself and a partner, and they both lay together.
Q. How long had they been gone when they returned again ?
Harrison. They had been gone two nights away. They went away on the Wednesday morning, and came again on Friday night; then we took them up.
Q. Was you with them before the justice?
Harrison. I was; but I really do not know what they said there; the pawn-broker brought the things, and they could not deny but that they were the things that they had pawn'd; I think Barnaby said, he designed to bring them again.
Q. Did you hear the other of them say who took them ?
Harrison. I did not hear any of them say that: I believe they both knew of it.
Q. Why do you believe so?
Harrison. They said, they shared the money.
Q. Did both of them say that?
Harrison. No, Barnaby said that; he said they had the money betwixt them; they both of them said, it was the first fault, and were very sorry.
Q. Did you see any thing of a hat?
Harrison. I saw this hat taken from off Heron's head.
Q. from Heron. Whether I made any confession before justice Fielding?
Harrison. He acknowledged it to be his first fault, and beat upon his breast, and cry'd terribly.
Heron. I said, it was the first time I was in disgrace.
Q. Did Heron say it was the first time he was in disgrace, or that it was his first fault?
Harrison. He said, it was his first fault.

Q. Was the closet door lock'd where the prosecutor's box stood?
Harrison. It was locked.


                  James 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I am partner with Mr. Graygoose, a pawnbroker; the prisoner Barnaby brought this coat and waistcoat to pawn on the 6th of September.
Q. Did he come alone, or were any body with him?
Brooks. He came alone, and in order to make it appear they were his own, he took this coat and waistcoat from off his back, and brought others to put on, under his arm. The shirt and stockings were taken in on the 30th of August by a servant that is not here.
Q. Do you know any thing of Heron?
Brooks. I never saw him in my life, to my knowledge, till I saw him before justice Fielding.
Q. What did you lend upon the coat and waistcoat ?
Brooks. I lent 7 s. upon them, and Barnaby had 4 s. upon the shirt and stockings.


                  Francis 
                  Jordan 
               



            . I am constable, I was charged with the two prisoners at the bar, on Friday night last, between 10 and 11 o'clock; they were taken before the justice, there I heard Barnaby confess that he had taken the prosecutor's right and property. I took this hat from off Heron's head.
Heron's defence.
A little house, one story high, a chandler's-shop, opposite to Hanover square, two windows in front, in the same line was a door that came out of a large closet, in an even line with these two windows; whither those left open till 10 or 11 at night, and when we have come home the door has been open; other people might come in and take them; we never lock'd our door; once a man that lodged there came into our room, and took a play-book of mine; consequently that man was as liable to be suspected as myself. My hat was an extreme good one. Barnaby being flush with money, he desired to change his hat for mine and gave me a little money to boot; he has since pledged mine, so I have lost a good hat by it.
Barnaby's defence.
We lodged together, and we were together when we found these things in the street.
Q. from Heron, to Harrison. Have not you left the doors open many times of nights ?
Harrison. If I left the door open it is more than I know.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


