






27. 28. (M.) 
               

                              Bartholomew 
                              Bunny 
                           



                         
                     
                  , and Mary Ann, his wife
, otherwise 
Mary Ann Stow




            , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing one guinea, the money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Williams 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , Nov. 22
. *
John Williams. I had been in Tothill-Fields


 with the serjeant, that had lately inlisted me in the evening on the 22d of November; I had got a guinea in my fobb: as I was coming along the woman at the bar laid hold on me, and said, How do you do, my dear: she put her hand down as if she intended it towards my private parts, and gave a shove up, and left me and went off all on a sudden; I could see the soldier at the bar hovering about; I followed the woman and came into a passage where were two posts; the man clapp'd one hand on one post and the other on the other, and stood to prevent my pursuit of the woman; I shov'd him away, in the same court he crossed me 2 or 3 times, and she was going off as fast as she could; I had my eye upon her, and got up to her, and laid hold on her, and told her she had got a guinea of mine: the soldier came up and said I never saw you in my life; I said to the woman it does not signify talking, she had got my guinea. She put her hand behind her, as tho' she was going to shuffle the guinea into his hands; I laid hold on both their hands; he said d - n you what do you want with this woman; I expected a blow. When I found this, I laid hold of them both, and call'd out Watch, the Watch came up and said to me, do you take care of the soldier, and I'll take care of the woman; we carried them to the Round-house; I staid there all night to appear against them, the next morning they were search'd, and the guinea was found upon the soldier; I saw it taken out of his coat pocket.
Q. from Stow. Did not you give me two-pence half-penny, and had your nastiness in your hand, and you gave me the guinea among the half-pence?
Williams. I never gave her a farthing, or said a word to her; I am sure she is not so engaging.


                  James 
                  Bagerly 
               



            . I am Watch-house keeper at St Margaret's, Westminster. I have had this woman in my charge several times; on the 22d of November last, she was brought into the Watch-house by the prosecutor and a watchman, for picking the prosecutor's pocket of a guinea; I was very particular in searching of her. Said the prosecutor, I believe you have no need to search her, for I believe the man has the guinea, for I saw their hands together; said the soldier, if I have got a guinea, it is that man's (meaning the prosecutor) he pull'd his coat open: I felt in his pocket, the first thing I found was a giblet-pye: I put my hand in a second time, and pull'd out a guinea.
Q. Were there any other money besides that?
Bagerly. No: there were none but the guinea.



                  Thomas 
                  Williams 
               



            . I am a watchman, I had just done calling the hour between 11 and 12; the prosecutor call'd to me for assistance, and charg'd the woman with robbing him of a guinea. I took hold of her, she gave me two or three slaps on the face, I was oblig'd to knock her down; we took them both to the watch-house, and there I saw Mr Bagerly take a guinea out of the soldier's pocket.
Bunny's defence. I had two-pence and the guinea; I had bought a candle, and saw a soldier, and had given him the other penny; I did not know any thing that it was a guinea; the woman gave the halfpence and guinea to me.
Stow's defence. The prosecutor gave me two-pence half-penny, and whether the guinea was one of them, I do not know. He wanted me to go into a secret place, and said he'd say more to me; and I gave the money to this man, ( meaning her fellow prisoner) I am not his wife, my husband is now in Yorkshire.
Q. to prosecutor. You hear what the woman says, what do you say to it?
Prosecutor. I have had some little education, having been four years at the university, and know the nature of an oath, and consequence of swearing what is not true. I never gave her the value of a farthing, nor offer'd to give her any money; this soldier says he bought a candle and gave a penny to another soldier; it is impossible, when he was stopping me all the time, he was in my sight all the time, and stopp'd me four or five times; the woman call'd him her husband before the Justice.
For Bunny.
Serjeant Hill. I have known Bunny ever since he has been in the regiment, that is, between eight and nine years; during that time he has behaved as a soldier ought to do; I never heard he was guilty of any theft in my lifetime.
Q. Is he in the regiment now?
Hill. He is.


                  Benjamin 
                  Gauthorn 
               



            . I am corporal in the same company which Bunny belongs to, I have known him a great many years. I was born at the same town he was; I never knew any harm of him in my life; he bears a very good character in the company. As to any thing between the woman and he, I know nothing of it.
Bunny 


               guilty of felony only
            .
Stow 

               guilty
            . 


               Death
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


