





319. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Singleton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver tankard, value 6 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Timothy 
                           Lebeau 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Timothy
            , August 3
. *
Timothy Lebeau. I 
keep a publick-house
 the upper end of Brick-Lane, Bethnal-Green


. On the 3d of August I went out about three o'clock in the afternoon, and returned about six; when I returned I missed a silver tankard; there were several people in the house at the time, but my people suspected the prisoner, who was missing at the time the tankard was. He was described to me. On Friday the 5th of August a lad came to my house and told me he believed his father had some of my tankard offer'd to him for sale, cut in pieces.
Q. What is that lad's name?
Lebeau. I can't tell. The boy's father met me at the Gun in Shoreditch, and shew'd me the house where the prisoner lodged. He went to the Thistle and Crown in Kingsland Road, where the gentleman described him, and said he lives at next door. I said he answer'd the description, having a greasy place on his left shoulder. We went into his room. I said to the prisoner where is the plate which you offer'd to sell to this man? He said, after some little hesitation, he had it about him. I sent for two gentlemen, named 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Mercier 
               



             and Stephen Dempure, witnesses here, who were in the room when the tankard was missing, to know whether they knew him, who said they would swear he was the man they suspected, and that he was there when it was missing; then I gave Mr. Keys charge of him, and he was search'd. This plate was found upon him, but I was not by at the time; I stood in the entry, being afraid the building would fall; it was a very old place. We took him to my house, and a number of people followed him in. I took him up-stairs, and there the plate was open'd by the constable. I found it in pieces, but upon one of them was a cypher, by which I can swear to it. ( He takes it from the rest.) There was only this cypher upon it. We carried him before the late Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            . While we were waiting at a publick-house, before we saw Sir Samuel, 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Reeve 
               



             brought a piece of a handle.
(Produced in court.)
Q. Is that any part of your tankard?
Lebeau. I can't say it is. When he was before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , he said, when he came home the tankard was in his bag. He was ask'd why he did not carry it where he had been, knowing it was not his property; he said he was so fuddled he did not know where he had been. Sir Samuel ask'd him how it came to be in these small pieces: He said one 
               
                  John 
                  Mason 
               



            , that lodg'd in the next room to him, had cut it into these pieces, and went off with the rest of the pieces in the morning.


                  Abraham 
                  Mercier 
               



            . I was drinking at my landlord's on Wednesday the 3d of August, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon; the prisoner came in between five and six. There were some drummers in the house, who said they had no money, and they made a collection upon the drum head; the prisoner put down a penny; after that they had two full pots.
Q. Had they been beating there on any occasion ?
Mercier. The landlord had been married the day before, and they came to beat. After they had drank the beer out, which were two pots in all, the tankard was missing.
Q. What tankard had they their beer in, that which was missing or another?
Mercier. In that that was lost. Then the prisoner only was missing. The landlord was not within then.
Q. Who missed the tankard ?
Mercier. The maid servant. On the Friday when he was taken I was sent for to the prisoner lodgings, to know whether he was the man that I suspected I said he was the very same man that was missing when the tankard was lost. Then fifteen pieces of silver were taken out of his pocket, and delivered to the officer. Then the officer brought him to the prosecutor's house.
Q. Was you before the justice?
Mercier. I was.
Q. What past there?
Mercier. I can't recollect.


                  Stephen 
                  Dempure 
               



            . On the 3d of August I was at the prosecutor's house, there were several drummers in the room, during which the prisoner came in with a large bag on his back, a little round hat, and had a carroty beard; there was a collection made for money to make the drummers drink, one of them went round with his drum. I put a penny on the drum head, we gather'd to the sum of six pence, and they spent it in beer; they had it in a tankard, which appeared to me to be silver, without a lid; it was handed to me. I had it in my hand, the prisoner said it was his turn to drink. I drank to him, and deliver'd him the tankard; so it went about from one to another, till it came to me a second time. The prisoner sat upon a chair with his back to the chimney. I drank to him a second time. I deliver'd it to him again, and we got talking about one thing or other. I never saw the tankard afterwards, nor did I see the prisoner go out of the room; but soon after it was missing, and the prisoner was gone. After that the prosecutor came home, and was told one of his tankards was missing by his maid; he inquir'd what sort of people. I described the man had been there. (meaning the prisoner.) On Friday the 5th of August the prosecutor came to my house, and desired I would go along with him, for according to the description of the man, he thought he had got the person that had note his tankard. I went with him to the prisoner's house. The prosecutor said is that the man. I said, to the best of my knowledge, he is the man that was there at the time, and to whom I delivered the tankard as we were drinking. He was secured, then Mr. Mercier came, and said he was the man; the prosecutor's maid said the same. He was taken before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , where he said the tankard must have stuck to his bag, for when he came home he found it in it, but could not tell whose it was, or who put it there; and said, he must own that he was d - 'd drunk, and that a man that lodg'd in the next room to him work'd about it all night while he was in bed.
Q. What did he mean by that ?
Dempure. I don't understand what he meant by that.


                  Isaac 
                  Reeve 
               



            . On Wednesday the 3d of August I went to the other end of the town to carry some goods.
Q. Where do you live ?
Reeve. In Shoreditch, and keep a pewterer's shop My wife told me there had been a man that wanted to see me, he had something to sell.
Q. Did he come to you afterwards ?
Reeve. He did. It was the prisoner at the bar. He pull'd out this bit of silver ( producing a piece of a handle ) I touch'd it upon an oil stone.
Q. Did he desire to know what it was, or did he offer it to you to sell?
Reeve. He offer'd it to me to sell. I went to a silversmith, who said it was silver; he weigh'd it, and said if he was to buy it, he would give about 4 s. then I said I may venture to give 3 s. The prisoner said when I came back, you need not be afraid to buy it, for I pick'd it up in a tom-turd-hole. I was very scrupulous of buying. I bought it for 3 s. After this I happened to read in the Newspaper of a quart silver tankard being stole in the prosecutor's house. I went thither, and there was the prisoner. I told the affair before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            . He ask'd the prisoner if what I had said was truth, he said it was.


                  William 
                  Cavit 
               



            . I am the constable that was charg'd with the prisoner. I search'd him in his lodgings, and took this silver ( here produced) out of his pocket. I had him before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , where he own'd it stuck to his bag.
Q. Did he say any more?
Cavit. I heard no more, there was a great crowd.

Prisoner's Defence.
I found these hits of silver, I make pegs for the heels for shoemakers
. I was at the house that day, the house was like a fair all the time; there were a great many people coming in and out.




               Guilty, 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


