





166. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Butterworth 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 10 s. one pair of silver buckles, value 9 s. one peruke, one pair of leather shoes, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Williams 
                  Cross 
               




             , Jan. 28
.  * 


                  William 
                  Cross 
               



            . I belong to the William and Sarah, lying in the river


: on the 28th of January I hung my watch up at the head of my cabin; between nine and ten in the morning, when I awak'd, I missed it: I call'd the mate up, he got a candle, then I missed my shoes, buckles, garters, wigg, and handkerchief; I went on shore and told the people about it, and at the Three Cranes, Thames-street, I heard there was a man stopped in Rosemary-Lane, for stealing a watch and a pair of silver shoe buckles, out of a vessel on the river: I went to the constable, and saw the watch, silver buckles, and shoes. (Produced in court and deposed to.) There is my name engraved on the inside case of the watch.


                  Charles 
                  Culley 
               



            . I am a salesman; on the 28th of last month, about eight in the morning, the prisoner brought this silver watch and a handkerchief to sell, he also offered the shoes to my wife for 1 s. 6 d. he asked 3 l. for the watch. I had a suspicion of him from his bringing me a pair of buckles once before, which were not his own; He this time said he had a pair of silver buckles ; I stopped him and sent for a constable.



                  Thomas 
                  Meddleday 
               



            . I am the constable ; on the 28th of January I w as sent for to Mr. Culley's on this affair ; I went, I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and searched him: he pulled out a pair of silver buckles out of his mittins, and said they and the watch came from his father at Lynn, and he'd make me suffer for carrying him to the watch-house ; I took him to the Justice, there he said he had them of his father, and it was out of his power to commit him; he was committed for further examination, after which the prosecutor went before the Justice, and swore to the things; the next morning the prisoner was brought to a publick house, as soon as he saw the prosecutor he fell on his knees, and acknowledged he took the things from on board his vessel.
Prisoner's defence.
In the morning about eight o'clock, as I was walking in St. Catherine's, I found this handkerchief, garter, and buckle, and all tied up together; I did not know what to do with them, I was afrighted at them; when it was day-light this salesman's wife was up, I asked her to sell me a great coat, which I had sold her a few days before ; she said she had sold it, but I might have a new one: I told her I had a pair of buckles to sell, and took them out of my breeches pocket, she offered me twelve shillings for them; I said I could not take it; then she asked me what I would have for the watch ; I said four guineas and a half; she said she would not give me half the money; she sent me over the way to get some purl, and went and called her husband up; I have no witnesses of my finding the things, there was a porter near at that time, but I don't know where to find him, and I ran as soon as I found them, fearing they should be his.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


