





117. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Williams 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk-gown, value 5 s. one lawn gown, a fustian frock, two quilted petticoats, two damask napkins, two silver spoons, one table-cloth, two petticoats, one neckcloth, three napkins, two check'd aprons, one pillowbear
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Coleman 
                  




                
            , Feb. 23
. ++


                  Anne 
                  Coleman 
               



            . I live in Hounsditch


, am wife to 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Coleman 
               



            ; on Sunday the 23d day of this month I went to open my drawers, and, to my great surprise, missed all the goods mentioned in the indictment; I suspected my servant at the bar, I had given her leave to go out that day; when she came home I asked her what she had done with my goods, mentioning some of them; she fell on her knees, and said she knew nothing of any of them, but my gown and quilted coat; she begged forgiveness, and said she would get up in the morning and pawn all the things she had, and would get a friend to lend her some money to get my things again, so I let her lie there that night; she came into my room about seven o'clock in the morning, and said she'd go out, and be back again as soon as possible; I finding that she did not come at 10 o'clock, went to her husband in Barbican, by which means I found her. I took her before the justice, she confessed she had taken them away, and sent them to be pawned by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Anderson 
               



            , to one Dickenson, where I found some of them. (Produced in court and deposed to).


                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            . Last Monday about nine or ten o'clock the prosecutrix came to my shop in Hounsditch, and said she had been robbed by her servant; we went into Barbican to the prisoner's husband, and told him his wife had robbed the prosecutrix; he said he would go along with us to a pawnbroker's where she used; he went to Mr. Armsted's in Redcross-street, there we found five napkins, a neckcloth and a pillowbear. We met with a person who told us she was set out for Shrewsbury; I went to the book-keeper, and was informed by him that one of the name was in the waggon, I got a house and followed her, and before I came to Upper-holloway overtook the waggon, and took her out, and told her she had robbed Mrs. Coleman; I sent for a constable, and brought her back to London. She confessed to me she had robbed Mrs. Coleman of two petticoats, a silk gown and a shirt.


                  Mary 
                  Anderson 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar asked me to go and pawn the silk gown, and a white one, and two quilted petticoats, a fustian frock and a white shirt, and said they were all her own, to Mr. Dickenson in Hounsditch. (She looks them out from all the rest.)


                  Thomas 
                  Thorp 
               



            . I am the constable, I live at the Black-dog at Highgate; I was sent for to Holloway, there Mr. Smith gave me charge of the prisoner. I took her to justice Cross, where she confessed she had stolen from her mistress a silk gown, a lawn gown, some petticoats, a shirt and neckcloth, and where she had pawned them, and to whom, but I, not knowing them, can't remember their names. Mr. Smith was not with me there.
Prisoner's defence.
I told my mistress I would go down to my brother for a little money which I had sent a letter for, I packed up my things and desired her to look at them, but she bid me shew them to my master, and he bid a shop-girl who lives with them, and she did, and then I went to go only to Barnet in the waggon, and Mr. Smith came and took me back again.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


