





498. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Ball 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing four linen handkerchiefs, val. 3 s.
             the goods of persons unknown. Oct. 15. 
*
Thomas Tuffnell. On the 15th of this instant I was at the Mansion-house


; as I was coming out of the gate, a gentleman said to the prisoner, you rascal, what did your hand do in my pocket? I saw the prisoner catch his hand very quick from the gentleman's pocket. I ask'd him if he had lost any thing ? he said, no; his handkerchief was safe in his other pocket. I searched the prisoner and found four linen handkerchiefs and an old one in his pockets. I knowing the prisoner to be very common about Cheapside, walking backwards and forwards, I took him to Guild-hall; after he had been examined by Alderman Cockayne, coming out to go to Newgate, he said he ought to have been transported seven years ago; and then he had been a clear man by this time coming home again.
Q. What did he say before the Alderman?
Tuffnell. I shewed the Alderman the handkerchiefs. The prisoner said his mother was a Washerwoman, and he was sent to the Fleet-market with four shirts tied up in the four handkerchiefs to four people, but could not tell the houses or people's names.
Charles Hill. Coming out of the Mansion-house last Tuesday was se'nnight, I saw a young man walk between the palisadoes and a gentleman, and he put his hand in the gentleman's pocket.
Q. How near was you to him?
Hill. As close by him as I could stand.
Q. Do you know that young man?
Hill. The last witness took him in custody.
Q. to Tuffnell. Did you take any other person in custody at that time?
Tuffnell. No, none but the prisoner.
Hill. Tuffnel asked the gentleman if he would stay and see him searched? he said, he had his handkerchief in his other pocket. Then Tuffnel searched him, and took him to the Compter, and after that to Guild-hall.
The handkerchiefs were produced in court, all of them looked as though they had been worn in the pocket since wash'd.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been at work, and came home to my mother; she said she was very ill; I said I was very sorry for it; she sent me to carry 4 handkerchiefs, with a shirt in each, to the persons she washed them for. She described the houses, and told me which handkerchief belonged to such person. (The old silk handkerchief was my own pocket handkerchief. I delivered the shirts; the people said they would not pay me, they would pay my mother when they brought their dirty linen. Coming back I push'd against this gentleman, and a man came, and said, I know him to be a disorderly fellow; they took and dragged me to the Compter directly. I made no resistance at all.



               Guilty
            . (See him tried last sessions for a street robbery, number 457.)




[Transportation. See summary.]


