







18, 19, 20. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Blunt 
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Pottle 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Appleby 
               



             , were indicted, for 


               that they, together with 
                     
                        Randolph 
                        Banks 
                     



                  , not yet taken, did steal one cloth coat, value 3 s. and one pocketbook, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Steward 
                  




                
            , Nov. 20
 ++


                  Joseph 
                  Steward 
               



            . I live at the Coach and Horses in Gray's-Inn-lane


. The coat and pocket book were taken out of my house on the 20th of November. Justice Fielding sent for me some time after. I went [my pocket book lay before him] he asked me if I knew any of the prisoners that were there; I said I never saw them in my life. He asked me if I would swear to the pocket book; I said I would. He ask'd the prisoner what they had done with the coat? Blunt own'd that he went into my kitchen and took it out. They had pawn'd it; and Cole the evidence said Blunt pawn'd it for 5 s. I never saw it after this.
- Cole. There were the prisoners at the bar, 
               
                  Randolph 
                  Banks 
               



            , and I going along Gray's-Inn-Lane; Pottle went into the Coach and Horses in Gray's-Inn-Lane, and brought out a coat, which Blunt put on, and said he'd pawn it himself. Then Pottle went in again, and brought out a pocket-book, and gave it to Blunt; after that, Pottle hid it; and when we were taken up, I was admitted evidence, and I went and brought it. They had all share of the money for which this coat was pawn'd, which was 5 s.
Q. from Pottle. Whether Blunt pawn'd it, or me?
Cole. Blunt pawn'd it. But Appleby and Pottle were cast at Hick's Hall this sessions, and they want to get Blunt off.
Pottle's defence. I went into the prosecutor's house and took out a great coat; and in the pocket was that book. I gave them to Banks.
Blunt's defence. Cole has done this thing out of spite. I was not there; and know nothing of the fact.
Blunt and Pottle 

               Guilty
            .
Appleby 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


