





12. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Ingmire 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one quilted leather saddle, value 20 s. one woollen saddle-cloth, value 1 s. two woollen girths, value 1 s. one curcingle, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Bowles 
                        



                      
                  ; one saddle, one check saddle-cloth, and two woolen Girths, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hunter 
                        



                      
                  , in the stable
             of 
               
                  John 
                  Hunter 
               



            , Nov. 22
.*
John Anderton. I keep a livery-stable, the sign of the Yorkshire-crop by Hicks's-Hall


; on Friday morning was se'nnight I got up and went into the stable (which was made fast over-night) there I missed a saddle, two girths, and saddle-cloth, which belonged to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hunter 
               



            . Then I went into another stable, and missed a new quilted doe-skin saddle, a green cloth, two green girths, a curcingle, belonging to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bowles 
               



            . I advertised them on the Saturday, at a guinea reward; on the Monday morning a saddler in Holborn came to me, and said he had bought one of them, as I had described.


                  William 
                  Rawl 
               



            . I am a saddler, and live in Holborn; last Monday was se'nnight, betwixt seven and eight in the morning, the prisoner at the bar brought a saddle to me to sell.
Q. Had you known him before?
W. Rawl. I had bought two saddles of him before; he asked me a guinea and a half for this; I did not buy it: about four hours after that, he sent for me to a public-house; when I came there, he had that saddle and another. I asked him the price of the other; he said 8 s. I bought it for 7 s. 3 d. and 3 d. spent.
Q. to Anderton. Whose saddle is this? Have you seen it?
J. Anderton. I have; it belongs to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hunter 
               



            .


                  Benjamin 
                  Anderton 
               



            . I was present when the prisoner was taken on the Thursday following; he had been servant to my brother 
               
                  John 
                  Anderton 
               



             for a year.
Q. How long had he been absent from his service?
B. Anderton. Ever since last May. We carried him before a justice of the peace; but before he came there, he confessed to me, and two more, that he had this saddle from out of my brother's stable, and also the other that he had there.
Richard Hall. I was present when the prisoner was taken, and also heard him own he parted with the saddle for a trifle of money.
Prisoner's defence.
The saddle that I sold to the sadler, I had by me; it was never in Mr. Anderton's stable, and I had no other saddle.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


