





94. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Brocklebank 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of scissors, two silver probes, one pair of iron forceps, two lancets, one silver spoon, and one silver salve-spreader
            ; the property of 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Row 
               




             . Dec. 16
 || .
Hugh Row. I am a surgeon
, and live in Clerkenwell; the prisoner and his master let me the house I live in I did not like it, and desired him to let it for me if he cou'd; so on the 16th of Dec. the prisoner came with another man to see it.
Q. Had you any knowledge of the prisoner before?
Row. I had seen him once or twice before, I had liv'd in the house but ten days; the man that came with him said, after he had seen it, he would consider of it; and they went away: and within half an hour after, I miss'd my case of instruments, with the things mentioned in the indictment. I sent for the prisoner, he came again, and said he had found where the case of instruments were pawn'd for a guinea and a half, and if I wou'd give him that money, he'd go and fetch them for me. I gave him a guinea and half; he said, if they were not mine, he wou'd return me the money; he went and return'd the same day with them; then I sent for a constable to know how he came by them; after which, he gave me a guinea and two shillings again. We carried him before Justice Withers. I there swore to my instruments.
Q. What said the prisoner ?
Row. He said nothing at all. The justice committed him.
Q. from prisoner. Have you enquired after my character?
Row. I have, of the prisoner's master, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morril 
               



            ; he gave him a very good character.
Q. What business is his master?
Row. He lets houses for people.


                  Jacob 
                  Hardwin 
               



            . On the 17th of Dec. the prosecutor sent for me, I am constable: when I came, he shew'd me a case of instruments and said to the prisoner, how came you to do it? He said, he believed the devil was in him, and hoped Mr. Row would not prosecute him, saying he was very sorry for what he had done, and own'd he had taken them, divers times; and before the justice's clerk he own'd the same, though before the justice he wou'd not speak a word.
Q. to prosecutor. At the time he gave you the money back, did you promise you wou'd not prosecute him?
Row. No; I told him I wou'd prosecute him; he said, he hoped I wou'd not.
Prisoner's defence.
I came into Mr. Row's house that day, he had given us a commission to get a person to take it; so I brought a man, we look'd over the house, and he seemed to like it; this case of instruments lay in a corner cup-board, which was open. I look'd in the case and found a pair of scissors; I took them out and cut my nails, and after that went to put them down in a hurry, and put them in my pocket, and away I went with the man. Some time after Mr. Row sent to my lodgings for me: I went, and he told me he had lost a case of instruments; then I said, Don't you make yourself uneasy, for undoubtedly you will have them again. Said he, If I get them again I don't care what I pay for them, and nobody shall come into any trouble about them. I asked him if he would let me have a guinea and half, and said I thought I could get them out of pawn. He gave me a guinea and half, and said if I would bring them again I should not be hurt. I brought back the case at the hour appointed, and gave him a guinea and 2 s. back: then a soldier drew his sword in the room, and they secured me immediately. They carried me to justice Withers. I never owned any thing. I believe Mr. Row sent me word twenty times, that if I would but send him the 8 s. 6 d. due to him, he would not hurt me. He came once to the gaol, and gave me a shilling.
To his character.


                  Thomas 
                  Morril 
               



            . The prisoner had been servant to me 4 months when this affair happened.
Q. Where do you live?
Morril. I live in Cold-bath-fields.
Q. What is your business?
Morril. I am a broker.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner?
Morril. I have known him 14 or 15 years. I never knew any thing he did amiss before this. I have trusted him with a good deal of money. I had a side board of plate always lay open in my house, but I never missed any thing.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


