






168, 169. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Narroway 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Bartholomew 
                     Darby 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing eighteen ounces of silver for buckles, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        Neal 
                        Campbell 
                     




                   , in the dwelling house
             of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Plastow 
               



            , March 30
.


                  Daniel 
                  James 
               



            . On the 30th of March I sent a parcel of goods by my wife for Mr. 
               
                  Neal 
                  Campbell 
               



             of Alesbury; the silver had been sent for me to work up for him into rims for buckles; there were rims for eleven pair. They were directed for him, to go by Mr. Rogers's waggon. The same buckles were brought to me by Mr. Nash, and a constable, who asked me if I had been rob'd. Upon seeing them, I knew them to be the same (produced in court, and deposed to be the property of 
               
                  Neal 
                  Campbell 
               



            , of Alesbury.)
Q. Where do you live?
James. I live in Monkwell street.



                  John 
                  Jeffery 
               



            . On the 30th of March Mr. Rogers, the Alesbury carrier, took my brother from helping me to load his waggon, and set Narroway the prisoner to help me to load it, in Saracen's Head Inn Yard, Snow Hill. The wife of Mr. James brought a parcel. I either gave it to Narroway, or bid him take it, while I went in to book it. I had put another parcel into a flat. and ordered him to put this to that; but instead of that he took them both, and has since confessed it. He had been employed there before. He was taken up the next day and carried before justice Willoughby, and there confessed he put it into his pocket.
Mr. Robertson. I am a constable. On the 30th of March there came one Mr. Yeomans, a pewter buckle maker, about eight o'clock at night, who told me they were offered to me for sale. (He wanted me to weigh them.) I told him they were not finished, and I suspected they were stolen. He said the man was drinking in Ship-Alley. I went, and found the two prisoners there with Yeomans's servant. I enquired of Darby how he came by the buckles, who said he had found them that evening on Tower-Hill. Narroway said he was by and saw him pick them up. Then I told Darby he must go to prison. I had them lock'd up in the Tower Gaol, in Wellclose-Square; the next morning I had them before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            . I went to Goldsmiths coffee-house, where Mr. Nash said Mr. Turner was the cutter of these buckles, and by that means I found they were sent to Mr. James.
Narroway's Defence.
I was ordered to put the parcel in the star; I being busy put it in my pocket, went away, and forgot it. I went on an errand to Tower-Hill, and in a publick-house I found it in my pocket; I knew I was to go upon guard the next day, or I had brought it back again the next morning.
To his Character.


                  Robert 
                  Stumpson 
               



            . I belong to the company Narroway has for five years; I never heard any complaint against him.
Narroway 


               guilty of felony only
            .
Darby 

               acq
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


