





384. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ingal 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one book, intitled, Mogul Tales, or the Dreams of Men awake, value 12 d.
             the goods of Charles and 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Corbet 
                  



                
            , Oct. 2. ++


                     Charles 
                     Corbet 
                  



                
            . My mother and I keep a bookseller's shop

 facing St. Dunstan's church, Fleet-street


; the prisoner was our errand-boy
 near two months. Last Wednesday was se'nnight, we sent him to Guild-hall of an errand, and likewise to call on Ludgate-hill as he returned, for 4 shillings for us; he did not return. I went on Ludgate-hill, and was inform'd he had taken that money; I was fearful he would go and take up money where it was due to us. I advertised on the Saturday, for no persons to pay money to him, and on Sunday last I had word brought me he was taken into custody. I went to justice Fielding and got a warrant and went to where I was told he was, but he had made his escape, and at night he was brought to our house by a person that is now in court. I ask'd him if he had not taken any of my books; he own'd he had taken the first volume of Mogul Tales, and had sold it to Mr. Sergeant, a bookseller, for 6 d. last Monday morning. I went to him and found it accordingly; he told me his wife bought it of a boy, but could not tell what boy. I describ'd the private marks upon it, and he delivered it to me. (Produc'd in court and depos'd to.)


                  Joseph 
                  Hust 
               



            . The prisoner lived in our neighbourhood; Mr. Corbet having advertised him, I seeing him on Sunday morning, took him to Mr. Corbet; there I heard him confess he took the book.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


