





621. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  wife of 
                        
                           Robert 
                           Smith 
                        









            , was indicted for 


               stealing three gold rings, one pair of gold buttons, one silver salt, value 5 s. five large silver spoons, one quart silver cup, two cloth coats, two cloth waistcoats, one Alapeen waistcoat, one pair of tea tongs, one silver strainer, one pair of silver spurs, one pair of leather breeches, one pair of Holland sheets, four linen sheets, and other things, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Garnet 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said George
            , September 21
.


                  George 
                  Garnet 
               



            . I lost a silver cup, five large silver spoons, four tea spoons, a strainer and tongs, a marrow spoon, a pair of gold buttons, one garnet ring, two gold rings, a pair of silver spurs, a pair of Holland sheets, four or five other new flaxen sheets, six damask napkins, I think three table cloths, some pillow-biers, a coat and waistcoat, a suit of cloaths of my son's, and an Alapeen waistcoat besides. I can't remember all the things; they are here; the pawnbroker can give a better account.
Q. Where were all these goods?
Garnet. They were taken out of my house; the prisoner acknowledged the taking them out, she was my servant, and went along with us to the place where she pawned them. I live in Woodstreet, Westminster


; I am a carpenter
. The silver is all marked with the cypher of my name.
Q. How long was the prisoner your servant?
Garnet. Between four and five months, my lord.
Q. Have you any wife ?
Garnet. No, my lord, nor any other servant but the prisoner at that time. My son lives in the house with me.


                  John 
                  Alison 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Johnson, a pawnbroker, the corner of Russel-court. The prisoner at the bar brought several things to our house to pledge in the name of Mrs. Garnet. The silver cup, gold buttons, several spoons, the rings and cloaths; she had some away, and brought them again. The rings and buttons were taken in the 17th of September, we had had them before several times.
Q. to the Prosecutor. When did you miss the rings and buttons?
Garnet. I missed them the 21st of September; I took out a warrant, and she was committed on the 22d.
Alison. The cloaths she pawned were taken away to the justice, and I don't know them again.
Q. Did you know where the prisoner lived at this time?
Alison. No, my lord, we did not; she said she lived over the water in Lambeth; and when she came with Mr. Garnet, she desired he might have the things she had pledged in the name of Mrs. Garnet.


                  John 
                  Fell 
               



            . On the 28th of June the prisoner brought a pair of Holland sheets, a pair of buckskin breeches, and a pair of flaxen sheets; she brought the gold buttons several times on the 7th of September; she brought a pair of silver spurs, and pawned them in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Garnet 
               



            .
Q. to the Prosecutor. Have you a daughter of that name?
Prosecutor. I have no daughter of that name, my daughter has been married seven years ago.
Fell. We asked her divers questions about the goods; she told us once she must bring a quart mug. We said we must go and ask her master first about that; the next time she came, she said her master had done without sending that; after we suspected her she came no more.
Q. Did she say where she lived?
Fell. She told us she lived at Westminster.
Q. Where do you live?
Fell. My master lives at the corner of Haslewood street in the Strand.


                  George 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live in Long-Acre, servant to Mr. Rawlings. About the middle of June, the prisoner came to our house, and brought a pair of gold buttons. I asked her where she lived; she told me her husband was a carpenter, and lived in Westminster. About five or six days after, she had them away again. She has brought several things since; she once brought some rings, and redeemed them again. About the 13th of September she brought a shirt; she also brought, at another time, a marrow-spoon, two tea-spoons, and a strainer.
Q. to Garnet. Had the prisoner these things in her care?
Garnet. She had the keeping of the plate and the linen. I once missed the cup, and she brought it again the next day, or the day after. I once missed a pint pot; that was put before me the next day at noon. Thus I was deceived. The things were produced in court; they were found at the three pawnbrokers houses.
Prisoner's Defence. What was pawned was for money for housekeeping; when I have asked him for money, he'd say, what have you done with the money you had before? when I told him it was laid out, he would say, why, if you have not money, you have money's worth in your hands.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Did you ever give these, or any of these things to pawn?
Garnet. No, my lord, I never did; I believe there are people now in court know I live in better reputation.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


