





128. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Watkins 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pound weight of tea, value 8 s. seven pounds weight of sugar, value 3 s. 6 d. two ounces of nutmegs and mace, and one ounce of cloves
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Anthony 
                     Hodskins 
                  




                
            , Feb. 2
. +


                  Anthony 
                  Hodskins 
               



            . I am a grocer
 on Bread-street Hill


, and the prisoner was my servant
. My other servant, 
               
                  John 
                  Wilson 
               



            , put this paper in my hand, which he said he found in my shop on the 2d of February. I know it to be the prisoner's handwriting. It is a bill of parcels to 
               
                  John 
                  Bray 
               



            . I charged the constable with him, and taxed him with selling some goods to 
               
                  John 
                  Bray 
               



            , a quarter of a pound of tea, seven pounds of sugar, mace, cloves and nutmegs, one ounce each. At first he denied it. I went and searched his box, and found about half a pound of tea there. Then he fell on his knees, asked my pardon, owned he took the things, and that they were mine, before several people, and afterwards before the sitting alderman. He had lived with me about three years, and behaved very well. The day before this accident he went and received 20 l. for me, and brought it home safe.


                  William 
                  Tap 
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gibbs 
               



             deposed to the seeing the prisoner's box searched, and sugar found in it, and also to his confession.
Prisoner's Defence.
I acknowledge these things were my master's. My poor brother came up to town, and catch'd the small-pox. I assisted him with money till I had none. I took these things, intending to have made master satisfaction, when in my power.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


