





432. (M) 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Lyons 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two gold rings set with stones, value eleven shillings, one pair of sleeve buttons, value one shilling, one silver Four-pence, and one silver Three-pence
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Collier 
               




             , August 1
. ++.


                  Eleanor 
                  Collier 
               



            . I live in Brown's Gardens, on the back of Monmouth-Street


; last August was two years I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner then lodg'd in my house for two or three days, I suspected him, his wife told me he took the things, and also where he had left them for money with one Mr. Maddox and Mr. Redhead. I went and found them all but the buttons, then I took the prisoner up and carried him before the justice.
Q. Did he own any thing?
Collier. No, there he denied it.


                  Francis 
                  More 
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my house between two and three years; he ow'd me some money which I asked him for; he said he had no money, but would give me a ring belonging to his wife, which had a green stone in it.
(The Ring produc'd in Court.)
Q. to E. Collier. Look at that ring, do you know it?
E. Collier. It is my property.


                  John 
                  Maddox 
               



            . I am an officer in the Marshalsea Court ; last Friday I was at justice St. Lawrence's, the prosecutrix and prisoner's wife were there, and wanted a search warrant to look for the things mentioned in the indictment; the justice desir'd I'd go with the constable, which I did to Mr. Redhead's; we told him we were come for a ring brought by the prisoner, which he went and fetch'd. (Produc'd in court and depos'd to by the prosecutrix.)


                  William 
                  Redhead 
               



            . The prisoner and his wife were used to come to my house about two years ago, and I lent him five shillings upon this ring.
Q. to Prosecutrix. By what particular marks do you know that ring?
Prosecutrix. It has no particular mark, but I am certain it is my ring.
Prisoner's defence.
She swore before the justice that she lost the things three years ago, afterwards she said two years, and I can prove that I was then in Newgate for debt.

To his Character.
Margaret Whitehouse. I have known the prisoner nineteen years, and never knew him to do any harm, nor ever heard an ill character of him.
James Stewart. I have known the prisoner at the bar about these two years, and he always bore the character of a very honest man.


                  William 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I have known the prisoner at the bar these ten years, and never heard any bad character of him in all my whole life.


                  Martha 
                  Lee 
               



            . I have known the prisoner these twenty years, and never heard he wrong'd any body in my life.
Q. Have you seen him in common within these two years?


                  Martha 
                  Lee 
               



            . I have seen him go backwards and forwards in the street very often.


                  James 
                  Mac Halfpenny 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about five years, and never knew any thing ill of him, I have been often in his company.


                  John 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I was committed to Newgate, July last was two years for an assault, and afterwards was released. The prisoner at the bar was there when I was there, and eight months after that.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


