





74. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Carrol 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of leather breeches, value 2 s. one brass candlestick, value 2 s. and one silk handkerchief, value 8 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  Matth.ew 
                  Callahan 
               




             , Dec. 22
.* 
Matthew Callahan. The prisoner was with me in the nature of an acquaintance. She had done odd jobs for my wife, so we gave her victuals, drink, washing and lodging, and at last she rob'd us, and we took her up by a suspicious warrant.
Q. What goods did you miss?
Callahan. I missed a pair of leather breeches, likewise a brass candlestick, and a silk handkerchief.
Q. When did you miss them?
Callahan. I believe it was about the middle of last month.
Q. Was you with her before the justice?
Callahan. I was, and there she confessed, in my hearing, that she had taken the things, and said where she had pawn'd the candlestick and handkerchief; but when we went to demand them the people denied having them. She told us where she had sold the breeches for two shillings. We went there, and the man owned he had sold them.
Q. Where did she say she pawn'd the candlestick and handkerchief?
Callahan. She said she had pawn'd them at a pawnbroker's, in Penton Street.
Q. Was her confession put in writing?
Callahan. It was.
Q. Did she sign it?
Callahan. She did. I saw her sign it. (The confession produced.)
Justice Welch. (Takes it in his hand.) This is my hand-writing. (Looking to his name on it.)
It is read to this purport:
'' That she being charged upon oath by the '' prosecutor with taking, and carrying away '' goods, as mentioned in the indictment; voluntarily '' faith, she took from the prosecutor's '' house a pair of leather breeches; which she '' sold to a person near Monmouth-Street for two '' shillings, and a brass candlestick and silk handkerchief, '' which she pawn'd to a person, but to '' whom she knows not.''


                  John 
                  Haistings 
               



            . I bought a pair of leather breeches, but whether it was of the woman at the bar, or another, or whether they were that man's breeches, I can't tell; they came and asked me for such a pair. I know I had sold them a month before they came and asked me about them.
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


