





321. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Simpson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight gold rings, val. 40 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Paul 
                     Callard 
                  




                
             , Aug. 20
. ++


                  Paul 
                  Callard 
               



            . I keep a silver-smith's shop
 in King-street, Soho; the prisoner had bought goods of me between the 10th and 18th of August last. On the 20th I missed twelve gold rings out of my shew-glass: I went and got a warrant against him on the 25th, suspecting him. I took and brought him to the constable's house; there I charged him with taking these things; he owned he had taken eight rings from me: saying, I am very sorry I have taken eight gold rings from you, and you are the worse man for me by more than them, and offered to make it up by paying 3 s. 6 d. per week. We took him before justice Fielding, and got a search warrant: he told me where six of them were. They were at five different places; one in Newport-street, two in Sidner's alley , one in St. James's-street, one at a pawnbroker's . Some we found, the others did not deny but they might have bought them of him, but if they had, they were sold.
Q. What is the value of them?
Callard. They are worth 40 s. to be sure.


                  Joseph 
                  Innocent 
               



             . I am a silver-smith; I bought a gold ring of the prisoner about a month ago, but I have sold it.
George Kennady, Murry . I keep a silver-smith's shop ; I bought a gold ring of the prisoner at the bar between the 20th and 23d of August, but I believe I have sold it.


                  Jacob 
                  Lawrence 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; (he produces a gold ring:) this I took in of the prisoner at the bar. [The prosecutor looked at it, and said he believed it to be his property.]


                  Abraham 
                  Barrear 
               



             , the journeyman, deposed; the prisoner had been at his master's shop three times to buy goods, and he trusted the prisoner with the drawer in which the rings were to look over them at his pleasure.
Prisoner's defence .
The prosecutor has trusted me in the shop with the drawer when he has gone out of the shop, and it is extraordinary. I should take those rings and they not be missed sooner. I leave it to the jury whether it is probable.
Prosecutor. There were silver thimbles in the same drawer, and on the nail where he had taken a ring, he had hung up a thimble, so that they were not so easily missed at first sight.




               Guilty, 4 s. 6 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


