





155. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Finn 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that he on the 19th of March
, about the hour of three in the night on the same day, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Job 
                        Tripp 
                     




                    did break and enter, and stealing out thence seven silver spoons, value 4 l. five pair of silver tea-tongs, value 20 s. nine silver salt-shovels, value 12 s. twenty-four silver tea-spoons, value 40 s.
             the property of the said Job. ++

Job Tripp. I am a goldsmith
; on the 9th of March in the morning, about half an hour before six o'clock, I got up and found my house broke open, and then I missed these goods mentioned in the indictment out of my shop, which were there over-night; I got a neighbour to let his young man run about among the pawnbrokers to see if any of the things had been offered to pawn; he went, and returned and told me he heard the prisoner and his wife had offered to sale a pair of tea-tongs at a house in Drury-lane, I went and got a search-warrant of justice Fielding, the woman was known, the man was not. I went to the house of one Larkin, where they lived, in Drury-lane, and there found the prisoner in the cellar, with part of the goods in his pocket, and we found part under his bed betwixt that and the sacking; we found all the goods except two table-spoons and five teaspoons. We took the prisoner before the justice, he said there, he saw a man break open the shutter of my house, and he chucked the things into his apron, and bid him go about his business, and he never saw the man before in his life. I made a remark before the justice, that the glass of the window was bloody, the justice ordered us to look at the prisoner's hands, I found two scratches on them that seemed to be quite fresh done; the justice committed him to New-prison.
Henry Green. I live at the White-hart-inn in Long-acre; I am constable; the prosecutor brought a warrant to me to search the house of Larkin; I went and met with the woman that the prisoner called his wife, she seemed to be startled, and said she did not belong to the house. I asked her where she lived? she said, in the cellar. I went down into it, there I found the prisoner; I searched his pockets, and found a large table-spoon. I took him to justice Fielding's, and found these spoons and salt-shovels by searching him there; he owned to the justice he was at the prosecutor's shop, and another man chucked the things into his apron; this he said was in St. Martin's-lane where the prosecutor lives. I went to his cellar again, there I found these other things, (producing them in the two parcels, and deposed to by the prosecutor).
Q. Did he say any thing of his holding his apron in order to have the things chucked in?
Green. He did.


                  Joseph 
                  Underwood 
               



            . I live with Mr. Tripp's father. The morning the shop was broke open, I went out, in order to have the things stopt, if I could meet with them. At one place I got information the prisoner's wife had offered a pair of tea-tongs to sale, and by that means I found the prisoner out. I went with the prosecutor and constable to the cellar where he lives; I saw him come out of the corner of the room. He strove to hide himself; I stopt him, and took out of his pocket a silver table-spoon, the prosecutor's property. They took him to the justice. I staid behind, and searched about for other things, and between the bed and bedding I found these other spoons tied up in a handkerchief. I carried them to justice Fielding, and as there were more spoons missing, the constable went again with me; we found no more, but by turning up the bed, found a saw and a gimblet. We asked the prisoner, before Mr. Fielding, how he came by the things? He said, as he was coming along to go to Charing-cross, a man chucked these things into his apron, and bid him be hush and say nothing.
Q. Did he say he held out his apron for that purpose?
Underwood. Yes, he did.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner before that?
Underwood. No, not to my knowledge.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you know him before?
Prosecutor. No, I don't know I ever did.
Prisoner's defence.
I never went by the door to my knowledge in my life before; I had no more notion of it, when I got up in the morning, than the child unborn.




               Guilty of Felony, acquitted of the Burglary
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


