





27. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Richmond 
                  



               
            , Spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. fifty shillings, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cross 
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , December the 1st
. +.


                  John 
                  Cross 
               



            . On the first of December I had been at a merry-making at the sign of St. Andrew's Cross, facing St. Andrew's Church, Holbourn; and coming home I overtook two women at the Royal Bed, the corner of Fleet Market


; this was between ten and eleven o'clock at night. I pass'd them about fifty yards, and stopping to make water the prisoner came up to me, and asked me whether I would give her any thing to drink. I asked her for what? she said it was very cold. I put my hand into my pocket; I had but three pence, and gave her three halfpence. She then went up to a publick house in Poplin's Alley, and asked me to go in with her; I did not go in. She came out again and went from me a little while, a minute or thereabouts. I was then going about my business, but presently after heard somebody cry halloo. I stopt and the prisoner came up to me again, and said. What have you got to say to me? Have you a mind to have a touch or no? I said I had got no more than three pence. She said, D - n you, what is that! I said I had got no more. Well come, says she, I'll give you a toss off for that; so I gave it to her; she came fumbling up against me, and with that I directly miss'd my watch.
Q. How do you know you had the watch at that time ?
Cross. I am sure I had; for just as I came out of the publick house in Holbourn, I look'd to see what it was o'clock.
Q. Did you feel the prisoner put her hand in your pocket?
Cross. No, I did not feel her take it.
Q. How soon did you miss it?
Cross. I miss'd it before I parted with her, and charged her with having it. I search'd her and rumbled her about as much as I could, but did not find it; here is a witness that found it. She said she was big with child, and desired I would let her alone. I was going to leave the watch with her, thinking not to be exposed; but the next witness came up and said, Young man, what is the matter? I told him I had lost my watch, and desir'd he would search her. I saw him search her, and saw the watch drop from between her legs, and the glass was broke in the fall.


                  James 
                  Leaver 
               



            . I live just by the place where the prosecutor lost his watch. I was coming by and search'd the prisoner, when laying hold on her elbow the watch dropt from her. I saw it upon the ground, and the next witness Priest took it up.


                  Charles 
                  Priest 
               



            . I heard the watch drop from her, I took it up from between her feet, and gave it into Mr. Leaver's hand. The glass was broke when I took it up, as I apprehend, by the fall.


                  William 
                  Mears 
               



            . The prosecutor and the two last witnesses came into our watch-house on Saturday night last; he said he had been robb'd of his watch. He produces the watch.
Q. to Cross. Is that your watch?
Cross. Yes, my lord, I am certain it is.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going down the side of Fleet Market, having been drinking, and got a little more in my head than one should have. The prosecutor was standing up making water; he turn'd round, and took he'd on me by the skirt of my gown; he ask'd me to drink a dram. I went and got one, and coming out again he said, Where are you going? He offered me a shilling to be concerned with me, and when all came to all he had not got one; but he said he would give me his watch to hold till he was concern'd with me.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


