





221. (M.) 
               
                  Ann, wife
 of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Simmons 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one saucepan, value 4 s. two blankets, value 12 s. two linen sheets, one tin kettle, five brass candlesticks, one looking glass, and six wooden trenchers, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Filling 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging room, let by contract, &c.
            
April 7
.


                  Martha 
                  Filling 
               



            . The prisoner came to lodge with me in a ready furnished lodging.
Q. How long did she continue there?
M. Filling. She continued there almost three weeks. I lost the goods mention'd in the indictment.
Q. When did you miss the things ?
M. Filling. I missed them last Saturday was a fortnight.
Q. Did you ever see them afterwards?
M. Filling. I found them again at the pawnbrokers. The prisoner had absconded. I found her in the custody of a man, and I charged her with taking the things mentioned in the indictment. She own'd she did take them, and also where she had pawn'd them. I went with her to four different pawnbrokers and found them. ( Produced in court, and deposed to.)


                  George 
                  Walton 
               



            . The prisoner brought a copper saucepan and lid, two sheets, one neckcloth, and a candlestick, to pawn with me; I asked her if they were her own; she said they were.
Q. What did you lend her on the goods you mention?
Walton. I lent her to the amount I believe of six shillings and eleven-pence upon them.


                  Hannah 
                  Borroughs 
               



            . The prisoner and prosecutrix came to my house on the 10th of May last, and call'd for a tin kettle, a candlestick and a blanket, which I gave them.
Q. Did the prisoner bring them to your house?
H. Borroughs. I don't know whether it was she or her girl that brought them.


                  Ann 
                  Day 
               



            . The prisoner came to our house on the 7th of May and pawn'd a blanket.
Q. What did you lend her upon it?
A. Day. I lent her half a crown upon it; she told me it was her own.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was out of place, and was recommended to the prosecutrix's house, till I could get a service. She left me in full care of her house, while she went down to her husband; she knew I had nothing to support me but a little sugar. She said I might make use of any thing in the house for my own use.
Q. to prosecutrix. Did you give her this liberty she speaks of?
Prosecutrix. No, I did not; I bid her not to pawn any thing.
Prisoner. My husband is serving his majesty, and I would take care not to bring myself behind hand.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


