





185. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Duinby 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six pounds weight of Salmon, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Russel 
                  




                
            , March 12
.* 
John Russel. I am a fishmonger
, and keep a shop on Fishstreet-hill


; on the 12th of March, about four in the afternoon, there were six pounds weight of Salmon lying in a tray with more fish; it was taken away, but I did not see it taken. I can only say it was my property.


                  Benjamin 
                  Tompson 
               



            . On the 12th of March I was in a barber's shop opposite Mr. Russel's; I saw the prisoner take the piece of salmon out of the tray, as he was standing by the side of the door; he observed somebody take notice of him, I believe, he laid it down again, this he did once or twice, and, I think, the third time; he took it up, and put it under his arm and made off with it.
Q. Was there nobody in the shop?
Tompson. There were the two apprentices in the shop at the same time, but he was at the side of the door that they might not see him take it; the prisoner went up a passage, where was no thoroughfare, that belongs to a tavern where I am waiter, I followed him, he then had got a bag on his knee seemingly going to open it with an intent to put the salmon in it. I asked him what he was going to do with the salmon? he said, a gentleman in that house had sent him to a fishmonger's for some salmon for him to look at it; I said, we had no mankind in our house then, and you shall go back to the gentleman of the shop where you took it. I brought him to the prosecutor and left him to do as he thought proper with him.
Q. from prisoner. Was I sensible so as to know what I did?
Tompson. He was in liquor seemingly very much, he reeled about and said, I might take the salmon and do what I thought proper with it. Mr. Russel sent for a constable, who took him before Mr. alderman Alexander, and he sent him to the Compter.
Prisoner's defence.
I was just come out of the London-infirmary, and had met with a friend, and he gave me some liquor, and I did not know what I did.
Q. What did the prisoner say for himself before the alderman?
Tompson. He said the same as he does here, that he was in liquor, and did not know any thing that he did, and said he was very sorry for what had happened.
Q. Could you imagine a man that took up the salmon twice, and laid it down again, as you have mentioned, acted as one drunk?
Tompson. I thought when I first saw him take it up, he did it with an intent to steal it, but when we were going to the Mansion-house I thought him very much in liquor.
Q. Did he appear to be fuddled when he first charged him?
Tompson. I did not think he did then.
Q. Did he speak like a man in liquor when he said he was sent by a gentleman to fetch the salmon?
Tompson. No, he did not at that time; Mr. Russel asked him, when I took him to his shop, how he came to be so bad a fellow? he said he was going to carry it to the tavern to shew it to a gentleman; this he said several times over.
Q. When did you first begin to think him fuddled ?
Tompson. I did not till the constable asked him what he had got in his bag? and he answered, some of his working-tools; the constable looked at them; then he said to him, you, or somebody else, have wronged me of some of my working-tools; and when the constable said he should go before my Lord-Mayor, then he seemed very much fuddled.
Q. Do you believe he was fuddled ?
Tompson. I do believe he was.
Q. Do you imagine that to be fuddled will lay a man open to steal?
Tompson. I imagine an honest man will not steal when he is fuddled. When we went before Mr. alderman Alexander, I asked him if he was in the same mind then as he was over-night, when he said somebody had meddled with his tools? he said he had not lost any, neither did he charge any body with meddling with them as he knew of.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


