





52. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bowers 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one handkerchief value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     White 
                  




                
            , November 22
. ++


                  Benjamin 
                  White 
               



            . On the 22d of November last I was standing in St. Paul's Church-yard


, near to Cheapside, and the prisoner came and took a silk handkerchief out of my coat pocket.
Q. Did you see him take it?
White. I did very plainly; I was looking to see my lord mayor go by in his return from court; the quickness of the motion threw the handkerchief near as high as my head; I saw it fly up.
Q. Was the prisoner before or behind you?
White. He was standing behind me, and I catch'd him by the collar, so he dropped it upon the ground.
Q. Did you see it fall?
White. I saw it before it dropped to the ground.
Q. Were there much crowd near you?
White. No, there were but few people near me besides the prisoner.
Q. Was he gone far before you seized him?
White. He was not got above a yard from the place; I took him to the Compter.
Q. What did he say for himself?
White. He said the handkerchief was hanging out of my pocket, and he took it out in order to give it me, being apprehensive I should lose it.


                  James 
                  Field 
               



            . I was coming along St. Paul's church-yard, and saw the prosecutor and the prisoner standing together.
Q. What time was this?
Field. It was about a quarter of an hour after three o'clock; I saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket and draw the handkerchief out; he dropped it, and as he stooped down the prosecutor catched him by the collar; then the prisoner said he was just going to give it him.
Q. What were the words he said?
Field. He said, sir, I was going to pick your handkerchief up to give it you; then the prosecutor took him to the Compter; the prisoner at the Compter said it was the first fact he ever did.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to pick the gentleman's handkerchief up, and he seized me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


