





285. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Honour 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one half guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harper 
               




             , widow
, May 2
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Harper 
               



            . I keep a chandler's shop
, on the 2d of May the prisoner came to my shop, and asked me to change a shilling, which I did; I pulled out my till, in which were some half-pence, he seeing them said, why did you deny me, seeing you have so many, and desired me to change another: I said, if I had a six-pence in my pocket, I would, but said I had half a guinea there, and I would not give him that, so I took it out, and laid it down on the counter, and changed the other shilling; he went away directly, and instantly I missed the half guinea, and before the door could shut after him, I bid 
               
                  Henry 
                  Stephens 
               



             go after him, and told him what he had got; he followed him instantly out, I never got it again.


                  Henry 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I was in Mrs. Harper's shop at the time the prisoner desired change for a shilling, she said she could not, saying, she had been cheated by people in so doing; he said he came from Mrs. Crawley, who was paying her men, then she changed it, and he seeing some half-pence, desired change for another, saying, how could you scruple it when you have got so many; she said I have never a six-pence in the till, but if I have one in my pocket I'll change it, but said she had a half guinea in her pocket, and she would not give him that, so she laid it down on the counter; then he took up the change and went away; then she said to me, run, run after him, he has got the half guinea; I went after him and found him at an ale-house, the Black Dog in Tyburn-Lane, with four farriers; he was not at Mrs. Crawley's; I ran there first; the prosecutrix came there; we sent for a constable, and took him before the justice.
Prisoner's defence.
I am as innocent of it as a child, if I had the half guinea, it must be among the change; I delivered it, one with one hand, the other with the other, to the persons that sent me.
To his character.


                  William 
                  Merrick 
               



            . The prisoner was formerly my servant for about four months before and after last Christmas, I never heard him accused of any theft before.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


