






61, 62, (L.) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Bray 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilkinson 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one sow, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Boston 
                  




                
            , November 27
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Boston 
               



            . I live in Vine-street in the Minories


; between six and seven o'clock in the morning, on the 27th of November, I saw the two prisoners driving my sow along, she wanted to turn into deputy Pycroft's gateway, but they would not let her; she would also have turned into Justice Ricard's glasshouse yard, but they prevented her; they were one on one side the street, the other on the other, driving her along. When they had got her below the Camel, I went to them, and asked what they would do with her, and called them thieves, and said, she was my property; at which they answered, what is that to you.
Q. Which way was they driving her?
Boston. They were driving her towards Tower-hill; I took hold of one of them, and said he should go along with me; I took him to the Plume of Feathers and Coach and Horses. He went very willingly with me, and the other followed. I got an officer and charged him with them.
Q. What is your sow worth?
Boston. She was worth about 20 s. but I never saw her since.
Q. Was your sow locked up at home?
Boston. She was in a stye, and the door shut, but how she got out I cannot tell.
Q. Did your sow use to go common in the streets?
Boston. She did not; I cannot tell how she got out.


                  Thomas 
                  Summerhays 
               



            . On the 27th of November, about seven in the morning, I saw the two prisoners at the bar, with sticks in their hands, on each side the sow, driving her down the Minories towards Tower-hill.
Q. Do you know where the prosecutor lives?
Summerhays. I do.
Q. How far was they driving her from his house?
Summerhays. They were 300 yards from it, if not more; the prosecutor came after them, and took hold of one of the prisoners, and charged him with stealing the sow; they then left the sow, and drew up to the houses on each side of the way. Mr. Boston said, he had lost several hogs before this, and he believed they had stole them. They said, they had no design of stealing her. He took one of them, and the other followed him. I saw nothing more of them till before the sitting alderman.
Q. Did they confess any thing there?
Summerhays. No, they did not, but equivocated about it.
Bray's Defence.
When we came before the alderman, he said, he should not keep hogs in the streets, for they were a nusance. Then he said, the sow was in the stye. The hog went along before as towards Tower-Hill, I being on one side the way, and my fellow prisoner on the other, and the hog went in the middle, all the way from White Chapel.
Wilkinson said nothing in his defence, but called two persons to his character.


                  Richard 
                  Robertson 
               



            . I have known Wilkinson twenty years, he has worked for me.
Q. What is his employment?
Robertson. I believe he has lately worked as an husbandman.
Q. How long ago is it since he worked for you?
Robertson. It is seven or eight years ago, but he has lived in my neighbourhood ever since.
Q. How has he got his livelihood these seven or eight years?
Robertson. I cannot say that, but I have trusted him with many pounds at times, and he never wronged me of a farthing in his life.
Q. Where do you live?
Robertson. I live in the Borough.


                  Wm 
                  Carr 
               



            . I know Wilkinson, I live in his neighbourhood.
Q. What are you?


                  Wm 
                  Carr 
               



            . I am a chapman, and travel the country selling all sorts of goods.
Prosecutor. He is, my lord, what they call a duffer.
Q. Are you a housekeeper?
Carr. No, I keep no house, but lodge at a house.
Q. What is the prisoner's general character ?
Carr. He is an honest and just man, and works hard for his bread.
Q. At what business ?
Carr. At farming work.
Q. Can you give an account what he has done for a livelihood these last seven months ?
Carr. No, I can not.
Both 

               guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]








[Branding. See summary.]


