






52. 53. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Lowe 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Susanah 
                  Butcher 
               



             , were indicted for 


               stealing 47 pounds weight of lead, value 6 s. belonging to 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Nevil 
                     




                   : fixed to a building belonging to a dwelling-house
            , October 30
. ++


                  Francis 
                  Nevil 
               



            . On the 20th of October last I went down my yard, the Bear and Ragged staff in Smithfield


. I found some tiles missing from off a shed, where I keep my hay, joining to my dwelling-house. I ordered my ostler up, he came down and said there was a considerable quantity of lead gone, I went up and found it so; on the Wednesday following, the 30th, I went up into the gutter about half an hour after 7 o'clock in the morning and missed more. Then I went to my butcher in St. John's-street, he and I went into Charterhouse-lane, and peeping through a hole in a door, in an old house that comes to the back of my yard, but 2 or 3 houses distance, I saw the 2 prisoners putting some lead into a cloth or sack; they went out with each some. I watched them down the lane ; her's was in her apron, and his on his head; they went through the sheep-pens in Smithfield, down Cow-lane. I went and got a constable; we took them coming down a lane by the New market. Lowe confessed he stole it from me, Butcher said he was to give her a breakfast for carrying it with him; they were taken before Alderman Whitaker, before whom Lowe owned he stole the lead from my shed, and the woman received it through a hole : I have taken dimensions of the width of the gutter, and it fits exactly. Lowe said he sold as much before, as came to 7 s. [The lead produced in court and deposed to.]


                  John 
                  Avery 
               



            . Mr. Nevil came to me that morning, and told me he had lost some lead; I went with him into Charterhouse-lane ; we looked thro' a hole in a door, and saw the two prisoners: The rest as the prosecutor said before.
Butcher's Defence.
The boy (meaning Lowe) told me he had found some lead, and he would give me something for carrying it for him.
Lowe's Defence.
I found this lead, going cross Smithfield.
For Butcher,


                  Anne 
                  Harsel 
               



            . I have known her betwixt 7 and 8 years ; her sister lives servant with me; once she was sick, this was then in her place, about four months ago, I have great reason to think her very honest.


                  Phebe 
                  Wilder 
               



            . I have known her three years, she lived with me about 2 years ago; I never heard any thing, but what she is a very honest girl; her business is stitching of stays.


                  Isaac 
                  Avitt 
               



            . I have known her some years; I never heard any thing of her but that of a good servant; she work'd hard for her living.
Both 

               Guilty
            .
For Lowe, See No. 400. and 449. in Fra. Cokayne, Esq;'s Mayoralty.





[Transportation. See summary.]


