





29. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Genby 
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for stealing one linen gown, value 2 s. one silk gown, value 2 s. two linen aprons, one linen shirt, two linen caps, one piece of lawn, two pair of linen sleeves for shifts, and one cambrick handkerchief
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Kelley 
                  




                
            , Nov. 27
. + +


                  William 
                  Kelley 
               



            . I live in Swallow-street; the prisoner has kept company with my wife ever since last August; she gave me the foul distemper, and she owned he gave it her; and I have two fine children by her, and a pretty settlement in business, and I was loth to expose her to the public, so I forgave her that. He is a servant
 to governor Dawson. On the morning I found the goods, which was the 17th of last month; he and my wife were going out of the town together; she was dressed in a green habit, and things which he had bought for her. I met them, and secured him; he confessed he had some cloaths of hers, and that they were going off together; and also that he had had criminal conversation with her; I have catched them together often; we went to his lodgings in Cecil-street in the Strand, and took the things mentioned in the indictment out of his trunk, by virtue of a search-warrant. ( The goods produced in court, he takes up a blue silk gown ) this I bought her, it cost me a good deal of money; this white gown cost me 25 s. these I laid at but 2 s. each; they have made me almost beside myself, that I hardly know what I do sometimes; the handkerchief is mine, and the rest I believe to be mine.
In his cross-examination he said the prisoner had never struck him, but had threatened him; and he was afraid to demand his wife when he has catched them together. That he knows nothing of his wife's gowns being pawned since the day she wore them last; and that he had seen them in her drawers since she had worn them.


                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am constable; I executed the search warrant, the prisoner owned he had the goods in his custody, and we found them in his trunk, and the prisoner owned, that the goods were the prosecutor's.
On his cross-examination he said, he did not hear the prisoner say how he came by the goods, nor did he hear him say he redeemed them out of pawn, but that the prisoner said if he would make no disturbance he would go and open his trunk, and deliver the goods belonging to Mr. Kelly.
Prisoner's defence.
I had several complaints from Mrs. Kelly of her husband's beating and abusing her and pawning her cloaths, and turning her out doors; she was almost naked, and had scarce any thing to subsist on. She desired I would let her have money to take her things out of pawn, and keep them till she could redeem them. I went with her to a pawnbroker's in the middle of Germain-street and took them out.


                  Richard 
                  Gunston 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Germain-street; I took this white gown in pawn of Mrs. Kelly about three months ago. I have known her these five years.
Q. Were any thing else pledged with them?
R. Gunston. No, there was not, the gown was taken out, I believe, on the 23d or 24th of November last by Mrs. Kelly; I lent her twelve shillings also upon the silk gown.
Q. Was there any body with her when she came to pawn them?
R. Gunston. No, I believe her husband had been with her to pawn things before.
Q. to Kelly. Has your wife ever another white gown besides this?
W. Kelly. No, she has not; I never went to Gunston's to pawn any of these goods in my life?
Prisoner. There is one more witness, her name is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Kelly 
               



            .


                  Mary 
                  Kelly 
               



            . I pledged these goods with Mr. Gunston about three months ago, at different times; on the 23d of October I fetched them cut again, and paid 4 l. for them; the prisoner at the bar lent me the money.
Q. Is the prosecutor your husband ?
M. Kelly. He is; after I had taken them out, I gave them to the prisoner at the bar at the pawnbroker's door, two or three days before the search-warrant was taken out.
Q. Was the prisoner and you preparing to go away together?
M. Kelley. Yes,
Q. Had you received any ill treatment from your husband ?
M. Kelly. That is nothing to nobody.
The prisoner called 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Hutchinson 
               



            , who had known him four months, Mr. Taylor four or five months, and Mr. Felmore the same, who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


