





289. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Birt 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver snuff box value 7 s one pair of silver buckles value 10 s. one gold ring value 9 s. two pair of silver buttons value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Harris 
                        



                      
                   ; one pair of silver buckles value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rose 
                        



, May 31
. ++.


                  Peter 
                  Harris 
               



            . I live in Cow Cross


. The prisoner lodg'd at my house and had for about six weeks. I found a coat, two waistcoats, and a pair of buck skin breeches tied up in the prisoner's apron, and laid in his bed. Then I search'd about and miss'd the things mentioned in the indictment. This was on the 31st of May between the hours of 12 and two. There was a lock broke open, and I had no lodger but the prisoner. I mistrusted him, so took him up, and had him before justice Chamberlain, where he confessed he broke the lock, and took the things laid in the indictment. Some of the things were found in his pocket, and some in the sides of his coat. He delivered them all to the constable.


                  Thomas 
                  Rose 
               



            . I rent a room of Mr. Harris. There was a pair of silver buckles of mine found upon the prisoner when we search'd him. I saw all the other things mention'd found upon him also, and heard him confess the taking them before the justice. The goods mentioned in the indictment produced in court and deposed to by their respective owners.


                  Thomas 
                  Briscodine 
               



            . I am constable, and had the prisoner in charge. Some of these goods I took from him, and some he deliver'd to me himself. I also heard him confess he took them before the justice.


                  William 
                  Parks 
               



            . I saw the goods found on the prisoner, and also heard him confess he took them.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


