





252. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Graham 
                  , otherwise 
Grimes




            , was indicted for that he, before the felony committed by Hanson, to wit, on the 14th of April
, 


               feloniously did incite, move, procure, aid and abet the said Hanson to commit the said felony, and afterwards. to wit, on the 17th of April, the said fish, so stolen, did receive and have, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  Henry 
                  Rowley 
               



            . The prisoner lives at Kendal-house, in the parish of Isleworth. In the year 1756, about October, he came to the Coach and Horses at Isleworth and sent for me; I went. He wanted me to get some fish to put into his ponds. After that he and I had some discourse at the Watermen's-Arms, where were the prisoner Hanson and Norton. We sat in a little box and had some steaks; our conversation was only about fish. Graham desired me to get him some fish to put into his ponds.
Q. Did he mention any sort of fish?
Rowley. I can't say he did, only fish in general.
Q. Where was it understood that you was to get them ?
Rowley. From out of Twickenham-Common ponds. He was to give us 9 d. per pound for all killable fish, and the other lesser fish were to be put into his ponds behind his house.
Q. Who was this proposal made to?
Rowley. To Hanson, Norton, and myself. We went down to his own house about that time, and then he wanted us to go and rob the earl of Bath's ponds.
Q. What month was this?
Rowley. It was before we came to action, in getting any fish.
Q. When did you go to work to get fish?
Rowley. I believe on the 2d of March last. He sent for me to come to his house then, about the beginning of March.
Q. Did he make use of the word rob?
Rowley. I believe he did. He entertained me with some cold leg of pork. He bid me go to the Rose and Crown, and there I should have as much strong beer as I could drink; I did go, but not then, for then I was not acquainted with Hanson; he desired me to get fish at my lady Varney's pond, and sent me a letter to my house by his man.
Prisoner. I'll save the court a good deal of trouble; I wrote it. (The letter produced.)
Rowley. I was not at home when it came, but when I came home my wife read it to me; was it read over I should know it again.
It is read to this purport:
Directed to Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Rowley 
               



            , near the Coach and Horses, &c.
FRIEND HARRY,
'' I very much fear you have quite forgot me; '' as this is the only time of the year, if we should '' let it slip, I shall be at a loss any other time of '' the year. If you intend any thing you have '' promised, come to action, that I at once may '' know what I have to depend upon, and you will '' greatly oblige your humble servant,


                  JOHN 
                  GRAHAM 
               



            .''
March 27, 1757,
Q. In what manner did you understand that letter?
Rowley. I understood by it, that having so many times ask'd me to get fish, it was to spur me up to go and get some; but I could not tell where to get any.
Q. What did you do next?
Rowley. The first action of this sort was, we went to Twickenham-Common, that was, I believe, the 10th of April; the next was at my lord Vere's at Hanworth, that was either the 14th or 15th of April; we took a horse and cart from Mr. Graham's, which was left there on purpose.
Q. Who went with you ?
Rowley. 
               
                  John 
                  Hanson 
               



             did. We went out about nine at night, with some hay or straw in it.
Q. Was this with Graham's knowledge ?

Rowley. It was. We told him we wanted straw to keep the fish alive, we also took a wicker basket or flasket of Mr. Graham's, to put the fish in; we got to Hounslow between nine and ten, and had two pints of hot at the White-Bear there, and staid a little, because we thought it was not late enough; I believe we got to the pond a little after ten.
Q. Describe the situation of the pond.
Rowley. The pond is betwixt two houses, in the back street of Hanworth town, within about a quarter of a mile of the park side, or thereabouts; we put the cart and horse on the side of the road, at the distance of about twenty-five or thirty yards from the pond, and gave him some hay; then we took the nets and put them into the pond, and went about half way round, where we found a great root or limb of a tree in the middle of the pond; Hanson pull'd off his cloaths, went in and pull'd it on shore, till such time as I could get hold of it; then I drag'd it on shore. After that we got the net out with a pretty quantity of fish. There were about twenty-two brace of carp and tench together; there were also about one dozen and a half of perch. We put them all into the wicker basket. Then we saw a woman open a door and look out with a light, and a man on the other side; then I said to Hanson, bear a hand quick. We put them into the cart upon the straw, which he brought to the place while I was getting the fish out. Then we drove away to Hounslow, and so to the prisoner's house, at about two in the morning; there was nobody to receive them, so we put them into Mr. Graham's stews, according as he had ordered us; he came down about six o'clock. Then we went to weighing the fish with his stilliards. We had seven store carp, which we put into his pond; I can't be particular as to the largeness. The killable fish we put into his stews, according to his order, where they may be catch'd in a quarter of an hour's time.
Q. What did the fish weigh?
Rowley. I can't tell, nor how much money we received; I know we did not receive it at that time.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing to you as to the better management of the fish, when he was not present?
Rowley. He ordered us to come to the Park a private way, because we had like to have been blown, and he shew'd us a well concealed, in which to put the fish; he put a stick down it, and I remember he said it was a pretty convenient place to put a bastard child in.
Cross Examination.
Q. What are you?
Rowley. I am a fisherman.
Q. Does not the prisoner buy and sell fish?
Rowley. He has for many years.
Q. Has he not advertised to buy fish, honestly come by?
Rowley. He did that for a blind to this.
Q. Was not that pond advertised to have been rob'd?
Rowley. I don't know it was advertised; there was a rumour that it had been rob'd.
Q. Did not Graham come to you soon after and call you to an account where you got this fish, and say he hoped you had not them from thence ?
Rowley. No, he did not; I went to him, and told him a man told me my lord Vere's pond had been rob'd. He said, he hoped I did not do it.
Q. What answer did you give him?
Rowley. He said further, '' Why had you not '' taken the poker and beat his brains out, had '' he came to me I would? If you have done any '' thing amiss more than you can answer, you must '' take care of yourself.''
Q. How can you tell that this pond is my lord Vere's property?
Rowley. I can't tell that it is.
Q. What is the price of carp per pound?
Rowley. I believe about 9 d. per pound; but he had all the killable and store fish at the same price.
Q. Can you buy carp of a common fisherman, fit to come to a gentleman's table, for 9 d. per pound?
Rowley. No.
Q. What is the price of tench and perch?
Rowley. They are worth 18 d. per pound.
Q. Did he ever mention my lord Vere's pond to you?
Rowley. No, never; he said in general, any ponds where we could, and said he had as much right, on the waste as the earl of Northumberland had.
Q. What could you have sold those fish for at market?
Rowley. There were some worth three or four shillings a brace.
Q. Did you tell him they were stolen fish?
Rowley. No.
Q. Whether on the 15th of April it was not excessive cold weather ?
Rowley. It was very frosty.

Q. Why did you carry the fish in the night time ?
Rowley. For fear any body should see us, and we had nets kept at Mr. Graham's conceal'd on purpose; and it was usual with us to have the horse and cart at his house ready.
Q. Did he ever charge you any thing for the keeping of the horse?
Rowley. No, not a farthing. He sent Hanson to rent the river of the earl of Northumberland on purpose to blind the thing.
Q. Was you apprehended for this ?
Rowley. I heard I was to go before justice Birkhead. I was sent for, and I went and made a confession free and voluntary, the same as now.


                  John 
                  Hanson 
               



            . In the beginning of April last Mr. Graham sent his servant for me. I went, and he desired me to go a fishing for him, he said he'd get another to go with me to carry the net; I told him I was afraid to go, he said I had no occasion at all to be afraid. I ask'd him where I was to go, he said upon Smallberry Green, and I was to take my horse and cart.
Q. In whose mannor is that ?
Hanson. My lord of Northumberland's mannor. I went home again, and the next day he sent for me again, and said he could get no body, and desired me to get somebody at the mill to go with me. I went there, but the men appear'd to be in liquor, so it was put off till he got Rowley to go with me. Then he sent for Rowley and me, and we were both at his house together the next day, which was the 9th of April. Rowley and I went to Twickenham Common, and brought some fish from thence to the prisoner's house. The next time we went out was two or three days after, when we went to Hanworth; he told us he would give us 9 d. per pound for all killable fish, carp, tench, perch, &c.
Q. Was any mention made by the prisoner of Hanworth ?
Hanson. No; not as I know of. I had left my horse and cart at Graham's house from the first action, and when we went to Hanworth I took them and a basket, and some straw and the net, from Graham's house. We set out a little after nine at night. Graham said he'd leave the gate open for us, that we might go backwards to his stews with the fish, and bid us take our own time as we thought proper. He also shew'd us the gate, that we should not mistake.
Q. Did he mention your going in the night?
Hanson. He did; we went thro' Hounslow about a quarter before ten, or it might be ten.
Q. Did he know in what manner you were to get the fish ?
Hanson. He did, he bid us get them where we could on the waste, but he told us of one pond in particular, that was the earl of Bath's.
Q. What time did you get to Hanworth ?
Hanson. Between ten and eleven, it was very dark, but the people were not all gone to bed; we stopt (leaving the cart at a distance) and had some beer, and went to look at the pond; there is a farm-house joining to it, and we saw a man with some horses in a stable; then we went to the cart, and when things grew quiet we brought the cart within about thirty or forty yards of the pond; then we took the net, and carried it to the pond, and drew it till we came about the middle, where we met with a tree; then I pull'd off my cloaths and drew the tree out of the pond, and then we drew the net to shore. Going to take the fish out we perceiv'd a light at a little house near, so we put the fish into the wicker basket, and into the cart. There were carp, tench and perch; we went away with them to Kendal house where the prisoner lives, and carried them thro' the gate he had shew'd us, and put them in the stews as he directed, some in the basket, and the perch in a sack. We came there just before two o'clock, the clock struck two as we were hanging up the nets.
Q. Who did Graham pay for them?
Hanson. He paid me at the rate of 9 d. per pound for them all, but paid nothing for the store fish, which we put into the ponds. We saw him about six in the morning, he made a sort of a smile when he saw the fish, and said you have met with them to night somewhere.
Q. Did you tell him where you had them?
Hanson. No, we did not, he never ask'd us.
Q. Which of you weigh'd the fish?
Hanson. I held up the stilliards, and Graham look'd at the notches, they were his own stilliards; he separated the killable fish before we weigh'd them.
Q. from prisoner. Whether I did not ask him whether they had rob'd my lord Vere's pond or not, after I had read the advertisement.
Hanson. No, he never ask'd that question till we heard of it ourselves, when our hearts misgave us, and we ask'd him if the nets and things were safe out of the way.
Q. Did you ever tell him you had rob'd any other ponds?
Hanson. Yes we did, but we did not tell him what particular ponds, he knew we went to the ponds for them.

Q. What is your business?
Hanson. I am a poulterer, and go about the country to sell poultry.
Q. Do you sell fish?
Hanson. No, I do not.
Q. You say you was afraid, pray what was you afraid of?
Hanson. I was afraid to go a fishing where he told us.
Q. Did not Rowley tell you he had a brother that had got a pond by his house on Twickenham Common, and you might go and fish in that?
Hanson. No, he did not.
Q. Did not you tell Mr. Graham you had purchased a pond of fish for a hundred and fifty pounds?
Hanson. That was what Mr. Graham said himself, in order to blind his servants.
Q. When was this talk'd of, before or after you had rob'd ponds?
Hanson. After we had rob'd ponds.
Q. Did you ever hear people had a right to fish on commons that have a right of commonage?
Hanson. No, never.
Q How came you to go to Hanworth ?
Hanson. We were informed there were fish there.
Q. Had you ever heard of that pond before?
Hanson. No, never, neither was I ever at it before.
Q. from prisoner. Whether or no I did not tell you the bad consequence of robbing ponds, and that if you offer'd to go to gentlemens ponds it would be a very bad affair.
Hanson. No, you never gave me any such account; if you had, that would have given me a caution not to have gone to my lord Bath's pond in his garden at Twickenham.


                  William 
                  Hewitson 
               



            . I am steward to my lord Vere. I know the particular pond, it lies in the back street at Hanworth, within thirty yards of my lord's park pales; there are two houses, one on each side of it.
Q. Who is lord of the mannor of Hanworth ?
Hewitson. My lord Vere is.
Q. Is not this pond part of the waste of the mannor?
Hewitson. Yes, it is.
Q. How long has my lord used this pond to put fish in?
Hewitson. I have known him use it for that purpose for above seventeen years.
Q. Did you ever hear of any man claiming a right to it besides himself?
Hewitson. No, never.
Prisoner's Defence.
I desire first to know how I am accused of haveing any hand in robbing my lord Vere's pond. I don't know the pond, or where it is; they speak in general terms, and say I said any where, but as my lord Vere's pond is rob'd, I could have no hand in the world in it. I gave as much money for the fish as any man in the world would. I deal largely in fish. Would I be concern'd in having fish of these fellows, if I had known they had stole them!
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Newman 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Graham. One Sunday morning Rowley was in our barroom, I had given master the news paper; master said to Rowley, I hope you have no hand in robbing these ponds. Rowley doubled it with an oath, and said he had not; master said, if you have robbed any ponds that are in pales or inclosures, it is a hanging matter. Rowley doubled it with an oath again, and said he knew nothing of the matter.
Q. Have you seen your master buy fish?
M. Newman. I have often.
Q. How long have you been his servant?
M. Newman. I came to him on the 9th of April.
Q. In what capacity?
M. Newman. As a cook, and on the 10th fish were brought in. I have myself brought the stilliards to weigh fish.
Q. What sort of fish?
M. Newman. Tench, carp, and eels, from time to time a great many times. I know these two men, Rowley and Hanson, have brought fish, and they have weighed it in the day-time, after the family was up.
Q. Do you believe your master would have bought any fish, if he had known them to have been stolen?
M. Newman. I never saw any thing like it.
Q. Do you know any reason why your master let the horse and cart be there?
M. Newman. No, I know nothing at all of that.
Q. Did the cart use to stand there in common, or on particular days?
M. Newman. It was there in the day-time, I never minded it, so as to take particular notice; it has stood there when Hanson did not want it. I remember Rowley told my master he had bought a pond of fish, and he was to give one hundred and fifty pounds for it.


                  James 
                  Fenn 
               



            . I sell fish at Billingsgate, carp and tench.
Q. What is the customary price at Billingsgate?
Fenn. We never sell them by weight there, but as we do cod-fish, be there few or many.
Q. You sell them about the country, do you not?
Fenn. We serve gentlemen all the way, as far as Oxford. I have sold carp to Mr. Graham for 9 d. per pound.
Q. Did you ever sell him tench?
Fenn. Yes, I have.
Q. At what per pound?
Fenn. At 16 d. that is, small or middling.
Q. What do you call small?
Fenn. That is, two pounds, or three pounds and a half a fish.
Q. What do you sell the large carp at per pound?
Fenn. We have a shilling.
Q. Are they properly killable fish, which you sell at 9 d. a pound?
Fenn. They are; if they lie ten years they will never be any bigger.
Q. Is that the common price in the country?
Fenn. We have sometimes 9 d. sometimes 10 d. and sometimes 1 s.
Q. Are they well-fed fish, that you sell at 9 d. per pound?
Fenn. Yes, sit for any gentleman's table in the world; as good at a pound and half size, as any size.
Q. How long have you serv'd Mr. Graham?
Fenn. I have serv'd him about eight years. I never sold him any but I gave him a receipt for them.
Q. Where have you them from?
Fenn. I rent about 200 acres of water of lord Onslow, in Surry; my brother rents 300 a year. He buys and sells fish all over the counties of Surry, Sussex, Berkshire, and Hampshire. We stock the water ourselves.
Q. What! rivers, or ponds ?
Fenn. Ponds.
Cross Examination.
Q. What is a fine perch worth a pound ?
Fenn. That is according as markets be, sometimes not worth 8 d. and sometimes half a crown.
Q. Had you never above half a crown ?
Fenn. I never had 2 s. and 9 d. for a pound of perch in my life; we often charge 18 d.
Q. What do you sell a tench for a pound?
Fenn. I have sold the prisoner tench for 16 d. a pound, small ones; some weigh'd half a pound, and some three quarters.
Q. What will a tench of fifteen inches weigh?
Fenn. Some of that length will weigh three pounds, and some not a pound and a half. They are worth, according as markets be, sometimes 25 s. and sometimes not half a crown a brace. I have sold a brace for 15 s. and I have known others sell a brace for a guinea and a half.


                  William 
                  Herbert 
               



            . I live with the prisoner, in the capacity of a gardener. I have known him buy fish of Rowley openly in the house, and they have been weigh'd with stilliards.
Q. Did you ever let any body in with fish in the night time?
Herbert. No.
Q. Did you ever hear your master ask any questions how he came by them?
Herbert. No; he bought them, and paid a market price for them.
Cross Examination.
Q. Is not there a back or private way to one of your master's ponds in the garden, without coming through the yard?
Herbert. No, there is none.
Q. Has not your master, in one of his pieces of water, a place which he calls a private well?
Herbert. Not any at all; there is none but what any body in the world may see.
Rowley. The way he directed us was above the bridge, and he ordered us to take the key with us, and unlock the gate.
Herbert. The gate is always lock'd.
Q. Did you ever know the key to hang in a concealed place?
Herbert. No; the key was always kept within doors.


                  William 
                  Nonecourt 
               



            . I never saw my master Graham buy any fish.
Q. Did you ever see that gate open which they speak of?
Nonecourt. No; there was a lock upon it.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did you ever hear of a private well, in one of his pieces of water?

Nonecourt. No, I never did.
Prisoner. This very fellow, Hanson himself, has fetch'd my rent for me, and paid money for me; I have an estate of one hundred and twenty pounds a year.
To his Character.


                  Thomas 
                  Holsey 
               



             \ne\. I have known the prisoner twenty years, or thereabouts; I have had a great deal of dealings with him.
Q. What is his general character?
Holsey. Very good as far as ever I heard; I never heard to the contrary.
Q. Did you never hear any ill of him?
Holsey. I never heard any thing particularly bad of him.
Q. Has he a good or a bad character?
Holsey. I never found he had a bad one.
Q. Did you ever hear he had a good one?
Holsey. Some people are malicious. I never heard any body of value or worth, but what said he had a good character.
John Hill. I am a master coachmaker, and live in Park-Street, by Grosvenor-Square. I have known Mr. Graham thirty-five years.
Q. What is his general character?
Hill. I never heard any body give him an ill character in my life. I never heard but what he paid every body to a shilling.
Q. Did you ever hear a good character of him?
Hill. I never heard any body give him a bad one.


                  David 
                  Gawthorn 
               



            . I have known him eight or nine years.
Q. What is his general character?
Gawthorn. I never heard he had a bad one.


                  Thomas 
                  Cripps 
               



            . I am a master plumber, and have done work for him; he paid every body about us very well.
Q. How far do you live from him?
Cripps. I live about a mile and a half from him.
Q. Do you think he'd buy any thing, knowing it to have been stolen?
Cripps. No, not upon any consideration.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


