






146, 147. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Walden 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Butterfield 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one hundred weight of rope called headfasts, value 4 s. 60 lb. weight of other ropes, the goods of persons unknown; and 60 lb weight of other rope, value 14 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Hans 
                     Steager 
                  




                
            , February 12
. ++
Pelham Blake. On Saturday the 20th of this instant the two prisoners and 
               
                  Salmon
               


             (the evidence) came to my house with a parcel of ropes to sell about two hundred weight; I was not stirring, so my servant bought the ropes; when I came to see the rope I found it to be headfasts to fasten barges and lighters on the river Thames that were cut away, so I advertised them and the ropes, but nobody came. On the Monday following they came again and brought 600 one quarter and 14 lb. my servant came and told me, so I ordered him to get it into the scale, and I would come and secure them; I sent for a headborough and took them into custody. At first they said one Johnson sent them, but afterwards they said they had it of one Barker's man, so I sent to one 
               
                  Hans 
                  Steager 
               



            , who deals in old rope; he found there was a board broke and some rope missing, so I shewed him some, and he said it was his; then I took him to the prisoners, and they all three confessed they stole it out of his warehouse in the night, and hoped he would forgive them.


                  Joseph 
                  Salmon 
               



            . On the 10th of this month the two prisoners and I agreed to go and steal some ropes to make money ; we were all waterman, so took a boat and went up into Lambeth Reach and cut away the best part of a cable on board a balast barge; then we went on board another balast barge and cut part of that cable away, we brought away one winch-line, that is what they turn to get the balast up, and several pieces of rope lying about the barge, which we carried to Mr. Blake on the Saturday, and sold them all for 6 s. 6 d. we went on sunday and shared the money and spent it; then we went to work to carry people by water at by-stairs . A fisherman's man came to us and shewed the two prisoners where to get Mr. Steager's ropes, so we went between one and two in the morning and broke down a board and took out the 600 lb. weight, then put it in the boat, and brought it to Mr. Blake's to sell, who stopped us on suspicion of stealing it ; then we were carried to a justice of peace and committed, and I was admitted an evidence.
Walden's Defence.
The evidence (Salmon) came to us and told us he had some stuff in his boat, and that if we would go through bridge with him to sell it, he would satisfy us for our time. That which we sold on the Saturday we bought of a west-country bargeman at Queenhith.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


