





228. (M.) 
               
                  Richard 
                  Barton 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver mug, value 3 l. one table cloth, value 2 s. six linnen frocks, value 6 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Cross 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Richard
            , April 13
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Cross 
               



            . I live in Albemarle-street


, and on the 13th of April I lost a silver pint mug, six white linnen frocks, and a table cloth, which I advertis'd on the 16th; the prisoner was taken up, and confessed at a publick house that he took the things mentioned, and that he had sold the silver mug at a silver smith's shop by Great Pulteney-street for 2 l. 13 s. but the next morning he told me in the watch. house that he had sold it for 3 l. 1 s. 3 d. and that he sold some of the linnen in Monmouth street, and some he pawn'd. He was in the same story before the justice, but there were two persons, who told him, if he confessed he'd hang himself; then he denied it. I went and found the silver mug, but the name is burnished out, it had W. H. on it at the bottom; there were also two bruises on it, which now are out; the woman that bought it of the prisoner said she bought it the very day I lost it.


                  Alice 
                  Montgomery 
               



            . I bought the mug of the prisoner at the bar on the 13th of April, I gave him 5 s. and almost 7 d. halfpenny an ounce for it (the money 3 l. 1 s. 3 d.) it is at my house.
Q. Why is it not here?
A. Montgomery. My servant forgot to bring it.
Q. Were there any bruises in it when you bought it ?
A. Montgomery. There were two.
Q. Were the same letters on it which the prosecutor mentions?
A. Montgomery. I did not see them, I ordered it to be done up to make my money again.
Q. from the prisoner. What did justice Fielding say about the letters being taken out?
A. Montgomery. He said it was a wrong thing to take them out. The prisoner had been at my house several times before.
George M'Gregor. The prisoner came to Mr. Dillon's in Albemarle street, who lodges at Mr. Cross's; he came to present a petition to my master Mr. Dillon; he told me a great deal of his living with the primate of Ireland; seeing his condition, I took pity on him, and should have endeavoured to get him a little money to take him back to Ireland, I told him my master was not up, and desired he'd come about four o'clock, upon which he said he'd come, but did not see him at the time; these things laid in the indictment were missing about half an hour after four; upon his not coming I enquired his character of persons that he said knew him, who gave me a very indifferent one; then I suspected him. Some time after the prisoner came to a publick house, of which I had notice, so went to him and tapped him on the shoulder, and asked him if he knew me; he said he never saw me before; I charged him with taking the things away, and he held down his head and owned it. I went to Mr. Cross, and told him the prisoner confessed to us he had sold the silver mug in Pulteney-street for 2 l. 13 s. and that he had sold and pawned the other things.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cross, and saw the prisoner on the 13th of April at my master's house in the morning; I also saw him at the door again that same afternoon.
Q. Was the gate open?
E. Brooks. It was all the afternoon, the silver pint mug stood in the window, and the frocks lay upon our table near the kitchen door at the time I carried some things up stairs, and when I came down I missed the frocks from off the table, I did not then miss the mug, but did just before five o'clock.


                  Richard 
                  Davis 
               



            . I am constable. The prisoner confessed taking the silver mug to me in the watchhouse, and so he did the next morning going before the justice.
Mr. Caldicot. I am a silversmith, and do work for Mrs. Montgomery, from whom I received a silver mug, but can't tell the day, I believe it was in April, there were 2 letters on it, but I cannot remember what they were, and two bulges likewise on it. According to my orders I took the two letters out and the two bulges, and did it up for the shop ; I took out the letters from another at the same time for her.
Prisoner's Defence.
Justice Fielding said to this woman, he was surprised she should buy a silver mug of such a fellow as I; she said I was dressed a great deal better when I came there with it, but I was in the same cloaths, and the y made me say things that I did not like, I wanted to get out of their company. Mr. Cross said he'd do this and the other. I never was in any house, and know nothing of the things. I have lived with my lord primate of Ireland, who allows me 20 guineas a year. My father lives but at Kingston-upon-Thames.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


