






153. (M.) 
               
                  Ann 
                  Connell 
               



            , widow
; was indicted for 


               stealing one silver tea-spoon, value 1 s. three pillows, value 2 s. 6 d. two bolsters, value 2 s. one looking-glass, value 1 s. 6 d. four linnen curtains, one pair of linnen sheets, three vallens to a bed, and two flat irons, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Thompson 
                        




                      
                  ; the same being in a certain lodging-room let by contract, &c
            . April 20
. *.


                  Daniel 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I keep a house in Long-Acre


; the prisoner took a lodging of me, it was a back room up two pair of stairs at two shillings a week; she lived in the room I believe about five months; she paid me constantly every week; she was taken up last Friday, by a gentleman that stopt her as she was pawning some of my goods; the things mentioned in the indictment were part of her furniture, which I found missing upon looking into the room after the prisoner was stopp'd (part of the goods produced in court); when the prisoner was charg'd with taking away these things she confessed she had taken them; part of the things we did not bring here they being cumbersome to carry.
Q. Where did you find them again?
Thompson. I found some of them at Mr Wood's and some of them at Mr Humphrey's where the prisoner went with me for them?


                  William 
                  Humphreys 
               



            . The prisoner brought a pillow to me and wanted 18 d. upon it, she said it was her own property, I stopp'd it.
Mr Wood. I have known the prisoner five or six years; she brought two bolsters, one check curtain, one pair of sheets, two flat irons, and a looking-glass, they were pledged at different times; the prisoner has own'd them to be the property of the prosecutor in my hearing?
Mr Murthwate. I took in two pillows of the prisoner, which she said were the property of the prosecutor.
Mr Stiles. The prisoner pawn'd a tea-spoon to me, (producing it) I lent her a shilling on it. Depos'd to by prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was always willing to make Mr Thompson satisfaction when my money came into my hands.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


