





187. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ludlam 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Ross 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear, and danger of his life, and taking from his person one worsted purse, value one penny, and one half guinea, and 18 d. in money, number'd
            , his property, May 11
. ++


                  George 
                  Ross 
               



            . I was a soldier
, and was wounded in America, and have an out-pension from Chelsea Hospital. The prisoner happen'd to meet with me near Kensington on the 12th of May. I ask'd him the road to Amersham in Buckinghamshire. He said he would put me in my way. We went in at the White Horse near Shepherd's Bush. I intended to give him part of a quart of Beer; but I gave him part of six or seven quarts. He said he would get me a bed at a house that he would direct me to. On the road he wanted me to give him 3 d. I told him I would not. Then we got a little wroth with one another, and wrestled among the nettles.
Q. Where was you then?
Ross. About a mile and half from Shepherd's Bush. This was betwixt six and seven o'clock. Then I saw him so quarrelsome I was going to give him 6 d. to be quit of his company. When I was taking my purse out of my pocket I turn'd a little about. He snatch'd the purse out of my hand and ran away. He fell down. After that I happen'd to fall down. He got up and went through a gap of the hedge and ran away. I went back to the White Horse, and told the people what had happen'd, and some men desir'd me to stay 'till they came back. They went. One of them came back and told me they had taken him. Then they brought him back, and he was brought to Hammersmith and sent to the cage. The next day he was carried before justice Beaver. I had in my purse half a guinea in gold, and 1 s. 6 d. in silver.
Q. Was you put in fear?
Ross. I can't say I was. I was a little in liquor, but knew what I did.
Q. Did he ask you to deliver your money?
Ross. No. He just left me without a farthing to bless myself with. I never got it again.


                  Thomas 
                  Brotherton 
               



            . I was going to the White Horse to get me a pint of beer, the prisoner and prosecutor were drinking. The prosecutor paid for all; he shew'd a half Guinea, and the prisoner saw it and laid his finger on it, but he gave it the prosecutor; then we desir'd it might be wrapp'd up in a piece of paper, which was done; and in about an hour and half after, the prosecutor return'd, and said his brother-soldier had taken all his money away from him; and that he was going a great way, and was money-less: then I, and others, went out and took the prisoner; we found no money upon him; but we met with a man, who said he had about four minutes before chang'd the prisoner half a Guinea.


                  Thomas 
                  Riggs 
               



            . I was at the taking the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
When I first saw the prosecutor, I was going from Chelsea to Kensington, about half an hour after two o'clock, in the afternoon; he desir'd I would show him the way to Buckinghamshire; he was going to Amersham. I said, I will put you into the road; then he said he would treat me; we came to an ale-house, call'd the London Apprentice; there he treated me with a pot of beer, and after that another; then I took him through Kensington to the road; then we went on to the white horse; there he call'd for six or seven full pots of beer, and was very drunk; then I went to part with him at the door; he wanted me to go with him a little farther. After we parted, he went back, and said I robb'd him; he was much in liquor, and fell down in the dirt, and daub'd his cloaths.
For the prisoner.
Virtue Prusia. The prisoner lodg'd with me; he behaved well, honest, and sober.
A Witness. I have known him ever since he came from abroad, in the late expedition; I have trusted him with five or six pounds at a time; he always behaved honest.
A Soldier. I am corporal in the regiment to which the prisoner belongs; I have known him nine years; he has behaved extreamly well that time.
Mrs Parsonage. I have known him a little above a year; he lodg'd with me, and behaved very honestly.




               Guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


