





303. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Stratton 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one tea kettle, one tea chest, two tin cannisters, one silver spoon, two pillows, three window curtains, six china cups, seven china saucers, two stone tea pots, one pier glass, and one bible
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wright 
               




             , May 10
. +



                  Richard 
                  Wright 
               



            . Last Sunday morning I went to my garden; I found the sash was taken out of the door of my summer-house, and the things mentioned taken out and gone; I was informed the goods were at the constable's, I went there and found them all, but the china was broke to pieces. (produced in court and deposed to)
Whits Smith. I was officer of the night, going up Old street last Sunday morning about two o'clock, one of the watchmen said to me, there is a thief just come out of the garden (which is called Rus in Urbe garden) the place where the prosecutor has a garden; he was running along with a tea-kettle in one hand and a tea chest in the other, and all the things mentioned, upon him: I bid the watchman run after him, I having a prisoner there; he flung down the things and ran into Bunhill-Row, through the alleys into White cross-street, there he was taken, he was searched and the cups and saucers taken out of his pocket, he said, he found the things in the road, at last he owned he and two more took them out of one of the summer houses.
Eard Osmond. I am a watchman; I was with the constable ; he proceeded and confirmed his account.
Prisoner's defence.
There were two men hired me as a porter, they were to give me 1 s. or 1 s. 6 d. and I was to meet them on Sunday morning between three and four o'clock, when I came there, there they were with the things tied up in the bundle, they bid me stand in the Vinegar field; I did not know but they came honestly by them, they said they were obliged to move them, their father owned a garden there, and they were afraid of having them seized.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


