





135. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Bulline 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two guns, one cloth coat, two linnen sheets, one pair of leather breeches, the goods of 
                     
                        Prescilla 
                        Edwards 
                     



                   , widow
; four linnen shirts, four linnen handkerchiefs, one pair of cotton stockings, one pair of boots, one pair of leather shoes, one cloath coat
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Grover 
               



             , December 22
. ++


                  Henry 
                  Grover 
               



            . I live servant
 with Mrs. Edwards at Stanmore


; about eight at night, on the twenty-second of December, I left the stable and bolted the door within side; no body could open the door but they that knew it: I went into the house, and staid there about two hours; then I went to the stables, and found the door that opens to the common standing wide open; I went up stairs, and found my box-coat gone from off the bed; also my leather breeches, coat, shoes, boots, and a little gun, which used to be by my bed-side; I also miss'd a long gun from off the binn below, I had not missed the sheets from the bed till I went to go to bed ; I went and acquainted my mistress with it: I and my fellow servant searched the hay lost, and the town, but found no body. I came to London on the Tuesday, and advertised the things, and ten guineas reward: on Thursday or Friday I had word to go to Mr. Bourne, at the Adam and Eve in broad St. Giles's, there I found the great coat; a few days afterwards there was the short gun carried to Mr. Baily's, where the things were advertised to be brought, by one Mr. Morton, who told me he bought it of the prisoner at the bar, my mistress had word sent by Colonel 
               
                  Mountague
               


            , that the prisoner was at Nottingham; I went there and found him, as also my boots, and one of my shirts, marked H. G. that was on his back; the prisoner told me he had sold the other gun at Northampton, and by his directions I found it; he confessed the fact, and said he was sorry he should give my Mistress all this trouble (He once lived servant with her; the two guns produced in court and deposed to.)
Mr. Bourne and Mr. Morton confirmed that of their buying the great coat and the gun.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


