





226. (M.) 
               
                  Mary 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        John
                          Williams
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 4 l. and 12 d. in money number'd
            , the goods and money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Canvin 
                  




                
            , April 24
.


                  John 
                  Canvin 
               



            . On the 23d of April I was drinking in company pretty late, and when we broke up it was between twelve and one o'clock; I found myself a little in liquor, and did not much care to go home, as the woman of the house where I live was ill, and I did not chuse to disturb her; so I went away from the alehouse, and walked over London Bridge.
Q. Where is the alehouse you went from?
Canvin. It is in White's Ground, Barnaby street, in Southwark. I went through best part of the city.
Q. Where do you live?
Canvin. I live in Southwark.
Q. Why did you go over the bridge?
Canvin. I walked about to get sober. I walked till I came almost to Whitehall. I had my watch and some money about me. Then I thought I'd turn back again and go through the city, rather than go home over the New Bridge and St. George's Fields at that time of the night. Then I went up into Covent-Garden, and got into Drury-Lane, where I saw this woman at the bar and a companion of her's standing together; they both called to me, and said they wanted to speak with me.
Q. Was that companion of her's a man or a woman?
Canvin. It was a woman. I went over the way to them. The prisoner ask'd me if I'd give her any thing. I said, what shall I give you? She said a dram; there was no publick house open as I saw, so I gave her a penny to buy a dram; she brush'd up to me, and ask'd me if I had a mind to do with her, and what I would give her; I said nothing. I had not much occasion that way. Then she ask'd me if I would give her partner a dram; she said if I would I should have a touch with her. Then she put her hand between the waistband of my breeches and my body. Then I thought she had a mind to pick my watch out, so I put my hand to my watch, and my other hand to where my money was. Then she took hold of my hand and went to put it under her petticoats; while my hand was there I felt my watch go out of my fob.
Q. When had you seen your watch before?
Canvin. That very instant I had felt it in my pocket.
Q. How near was the other woman to you?
Canvin. She was about a yard, or a yard and a half from me.
Q. Was it possible for her to take your watch ?
Canvin. No; she could not reach me to take it: Being conscious the prisoner took it, I challenged her with it, and desired her to give it to me again; she denied it, and said she knew nothing of it; I said I would not lose my watch upon any account. She wish'd several bitter wishes about it. Then I said I would give any thing rather than lose it; she said, what will you give me, will you give me half a crown? I said, yes I would, and took out 2 s. and 6 d. Give it me she said. I said I would, if she would deliver me the watch. She said, she would have the money first, which I would not give her. I said, if she would let me see it, I would give her half the money. She would do nothing, except I would let her have the money first.
Q. Did she produce it?
Canvin. No, she did not; I held the money in my left-hand. She stood on the right-hand side of the passage where we were, and I open'd my hand, thinking the sight of the money would induce her to let me have the watch; she catch'd at it, and got a shilling out of my hand.
Q. Did you ever see the watch again?
Canvin. No, I never did.
Q. Was you got sober then?
Canvin. I was a sober as I am now.
Q. What is your business?
Canvin. I am a leather-dresser. There came a soldier up to the entry while I was contending with her, and with his help I got her to the constable.
Q. Was she out of your sight in this time?
Canvin. No, never till I got her to the Round-house.
Q. What became of the other woman?
Canvin. They both pushed me and intreated me to go into the house up the alley, but I would not. I found I could not keep them both, so I seiz'd the prisoner, and the other jump'd away.
Q. Did she confess any thing before the justice?
Canvin. No, she did not; all she said was, I gave her the shilling to have to do with her.


                  Daniel 
                  Day 
               



            . I was going by the end of the alley, and saw the prisoner and prosecutor pulling and hauling; I asked what was the matter; he told me she had got his watch. I saw him hold the money in his hand, and saw her snatch it out; I help'd to secure her. She carried the shilling in her hand to the constable's house, and in the Round-house she sent for a full pot of purl, to drink the prosecutor's health.
Q. from prisoner to prosecutor. Do you remember when you put your hand down my breast you said you would give me a shilling?
Prosecutor. I never put my hand there.
Prisoner. This soldier Day is an old thief-catcher; he will swear any thing.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Basset 
               



            . I am servant to the keeper of St. Giles's-Round-house. I remember the prisoner's being brought in there for stealing a watch. I strip'd her from top to bottom, and there was nothing about her; I really know nothing at all of it.
Q. Had you no conversation with her?
E. Basset. No, I had not; I strip'd her quite to her skin, skin and all.
Prisoner's Defence.
There were other women with him, which he was picking up; I never saw his watch. I deal in Covent Garden.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Caly 
               



            . I saw the prosecutor, on St. Martin's side in Drury-Lane, with three or four women.
Q. Was the prisoner one of them?
M. Caly. No, she was not there at that time; but however, as I came out of the court I saw the prisoner and her husband having some words; he was in liquor. She came out. I asked her where I could get a little beer, and she directed me to a night house in Covent-Garden. I went and got a pint, and came back again; when I heard a noise made by this man about his watch.
Q. Did you know the prosecutor before?
M. Caly. No, I never saw him since that time.
Cross Examination.
Q. How was the prosecutor dressed?
M. Caly. I believe he was dressed in some white cloaths, not in these he has on now.
Q. to prosecutor. What cloaths had you on that night?
Prosecutor. I had a darkish ash-colour'd surtout coat on.
Two other women appear'd for her; one deposed she lived in Wild-street, and had known her twenty years, and never heard any thing amiss of her; the other had known her five years, and had bought old cloaths of her, and never knew any ill by her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


