





187. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Beal 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing fifty-six pounds weight of iron, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        John and 
                           

                                    Robert 
                                    Batson 
                                 











                  , privately in the warehouse of the said John and 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Batson 
                     



, March 16
.++


                  Robert 
                  Batson 
               



            . 
               
                  John 
                  Batson 
               



             and I are shipbuilders


 and partners. The prisoner work'd for us about seven or eight months last year; he is a house carpenter
, he came again almost starved, and beg'd for work: seeing him in a deplorable condition we set him to work again. I ordered the foreman to examine his bag of chips, that he carried away when he went from work; thinking he might waste his time in spliting up slabs, I found his chips consisted chiefly in slabs, and such sort, for which I reprov'd him. The foreman in searching to the bottom of his bag said, here is something more in it and turn'd it out, and it prov'd to be iron-bolts and nails, and such like useful iron.
Q. When was this?
Batson. This was about the 16th of March.
Q. What is the value of that iron?
Batson. It is valued in the indictment at 7 s. they were worth to us above 24 s. (produced in court, and deposed to) He confess'd they were our property before we went before the justice, and before the justice; and that he took it out of our iron warehouse.


                  James 
                  Pope 
               



            . This iron produced here, we took out of the prisoner's bag amongst his chips as he was going to go home; he was not got out of the yard with them when they were found; he own'd he took them, and said it was a foolish thing of him to do so, and that it was my master's property; and own'd he had taken about twenty pounds weight away before.
Prisoner's defence.
I had them out of my master's yard, but I did not know but that they might belong to some of the ships.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


