





359. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lee 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver snuff box, value 7 s. one silver table spoon, value 8 s. one pair of silver tea-tongs, val. 2 s. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 8 s. one pair of silver sleeve buttons, value 1 s. one silk handkerchief, and one cotten handkerchief
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Torrent 
                  




                
            , April 9
 ++.


                  Samuel 
                  Torrent 
               



            . I lost the goods mentioned, but do not know the time only by the prisoner's confession: I live at the Ship in Gravel-lane Hounsditch


, the prisoner was just come home from sea, and recomended to me to lodge; he lay with my servant that draws beer; he had been with me about six weeks, he has been in business turning a throwster's mill
 ever since he left my house. A person came to me the 23d of April, and ask'd me if I had lost any plate, I went up stairs and searched my drawers and miss'd the things mention'd. I came down stairs, the prisoner was eating his supper, I accused him with it, at first he denied it. I told him he had been seen in Shoreditch with such things, then he acknowledged the fact and desir'd I would be merciful. I sent for a proper officer and he was carried to the Compter. After he was lock'd up he desir'd to speak with me, then he told me, he sold the snuff-box, buttons, and bowl of the spoon, to one Lloyd, a gold-smith in George-yard, Bishop's gate-street, for 9 s. 6 d. and the day following he went with the other things to Mr. Lloyd and he stop'd them. On the 24th I went with in officer to Mr. Lloyd, who deliver'd these things to me, part of my buckles, tea-tongs, and table-spoon, I can swear they are my property. Although he had bad them so long he did not advertise them. I found a handkerchief at a pawn-broker's by the prisoner's direction pawn'd for 1 s. 6 l. at the Angel in Shoreditch.


                  George 
                  Wardley 
               



            . I went with the prosecutor, the 23d of April, to Mr. Lloyd's. He confirmed the above.
Prisoner. I throw myself up to the mercy of the great God of Heaven, and the court.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


