





227. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Margrave 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hammond 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , June 19
. ++


                  John 
                  Hammond 
               



            . On the 19th of this instant June, I had my pocket picked as I was in St. Pul's church-yard


, by the prisoner at the bar, o a silk handkerchief.
Q. How do you know it was the prisoner?
Hammond. I found him as he was taking it out, at took him at the same time: I saw him cast on his hand with a quick motion to another boy, to whom I presume he then delivered it.
Q. Did you see his hand as he took it out of your pocket?
Hammond. I did.
Q. Did you see any thing in it?
Hammond. No, I did not.
Q. Was searched?
Hammond. He was, but we did not find it.
Q. Did you ever see your handkerchief afterwards ?
Hammond. No, I never did.
Q. from prisoner. When a gentleman by you, sa have you lost any thing, did not you say you believe you had not?
Hammond. I said, I did not know what I had to till I felt and missed my handkerchief.
Q. What was the value of it?
Hammond. I laid it in the indictment at 2 s. but itis worth more than that.


                  Thomas 
                  Hooper 
               



            . As I was passing through St. Pis church-yard, I saw the prisoner's hand in the prosecutor's pocket, and saw him pull out a handkerchief; I thought he put it in his bosom, but it went I believe to a confederate, for there was one on each side of him. I laid hold on the prisoner, and said to the prosecutor, that is your chap; I believe he has got your handkerchief; he felt, and said, he had lost his; so we secured the prisoner.




[Transportation. See summary.]


Prisoner's defence.
The prosecutor did not say he had lost his handkerchief till we got into Cheapside, going before my lord-mayor.
Prosecutor. I know I had had my handkerchief in that pocket but a little before, and when I felt, it was gone.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


