






304. (L) 
               
                  James 
                  Hall 
               



             was indicted for that he, together with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hutton 
               



            , not yet taken, on the 21st of April

, 


               about the hour of one in the night, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bowden 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, 9 yds of camblet, val 6 l 13 s did steal, &c.
             ||


                  Thomas 
                  Bowden 
               



            . I live in Tower Royal



, I am a Calanderer
; I lost fifteen pieces of camblet, the 20th and 21st of April, out of my house, they were safe about half an hour after four in the evening of the 20th; I missed them the next morning a little after five, and found a window up one pair of stairs open, which was shut when we went to bed, we also saw marks of feet on the out side the boards, which were done by climbing up to get in: six of the pieces were stopped that morning in Wood-street by a watchman who will give an account of it; I had a suspicion of the prisoner, I took him before the Justice, there he confessed he and 
               
                  Dick 
                  Hutton 
               



             took the goods; he also confessed the same in New-Prison, that they took nine pieces first and brought them into the Little-Old-Bailey, and left them in a house that is repairing, then they went and fetched the other six and were pursued and obliged to drop them in Wood-street, and run away.
Q. Did he confess he got into the house?
Bowden. He did not.
Q. When was this confession made?
Bowden. About a fortnight after the robbery, he was taken up over night and confessed next morning.
Q. Was his confession taken in writing?
Bowden. I don't remember it was.
Q. Did he confess how he got at them?
Bowden. No, he did not.


                  David 
                  Ridnall 
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutor, I carried the goods mentioned into the room at about four in the afternoon, on the 20th of April; and am positive that the window was shut to and buttoned; by ten the next day I went into the room for the goods to go to work upon, and the pieces were gone and the window open: we looked upon the outside and saw the marks of toes of shoes and black dirt left on the boards; there were two panes of glass out of the casement, and the lead between them gone, pretty near the middle of the window.
Q. Were these two panes broke before?
Ridnall. I don't think they were, I will not say whether they were cracked before or not.
Prisoner. When I lived with Mr. Bowden those two panes of glass were out.
Q. Were they in the same condition overnight, as you found them in the morning?
Ridnall. I can't say they were, my lord.


                  William 
                  Ford 
               



            . I am a watchman in Wood-street; about a quarter after two o'clock on the 21st there came two men loaded with something on their shoulders, three pieces each, they were carelesly wrapp'd up, and seemed not honestly come by. I held up my lanthorn and looked at one of the men, he said, d - n you, what are you coming to rob us.
Q. Did you know either of them?
Ford. I can't say I should know either; one of the men slang down his pieces and ran away: we carried the pieces to the watch-house; we could not take them.


                  David 
                  Dodd 
               



            . I am a labouring man, and was going to my work by three o'clock that morning, in order to clean some line, which is troublesome when people are about; going along Aldermanbury a man was running along, the watchman and I attempted to stop him, but he was too strong for us and got away, he dropped his cloth he had, we delivered it to Mr. Jones the constable, the man was a clever lusty young fellow, may be twenty-three years of age.
Q. Is the prisoner the man ?
Dodd. No, he is not.


                  Thomas 
                  Brebrook 
               



            . Last Saturday morning Mr. Penteloe, Mr. Ind, and I, were going to have the prisoner before Mr. Fielding, the prisoner said there were some goods lodged in Charterhouse-lane, and that he had robbed his master, of them, that the stable place (where the horse goes round in his mill) was not fast, so he got in. Mr. Ind and I went along with the prisoner to that place in Charterhouse-lane, the prisoner said, this is the place where I tread; then we opened a trap door, I took up the pieces, they were under ground, five pieces of camblet and ten yards of long all ; and handed them to Mr. Ind, the prisoner wanted to confess to be admitted an evidence.


                  Thomas 
                  Ind 
               



             confirmed the testimony of Brebrook.
The goods produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.




               Guilty of the Felony, Acquitted of the Burglary
            .
He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing 72 yds of woollen cloth, call'd Long-Ell, val. 4 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bowden 
                        



                      
                   in his dwelling house
            .

March 12

. ++




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


