





624. 
               
                  
                     Priscilla 
                     Scarr 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of linen sheets, value 6 s. one linen pillow bier, value 3 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Field 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in her ready furnished lodgings
            , September 24
.


                  Susannah 
                  Field 
               



            . I live in Denmark-street


. The prisoner came the 14th of September, and on the 21st she took the pair of sheets away from off the bed, and a pillow-bier out of a drawer; I missed them; she came again; I did not say any thing to her then. On the 22d I charged her with taking them; she said she would fetch them again; she said she had pawned them, so I went by her directions to fetch them again, one was in Whitechapel, the other in Ratcliff Highway; she never owned to the pillow-bier; one of the sheets was marked with S. Both produced in court, and deposed to.



                  Mary 
                  Harrison 
               



            . The prosecutrix is my mother. The prisoner took a lodging in my mother's house the 14th of September; she remained there but a week and a day. On the 21st day my mother came down stairs and said the sheets were gone from off the bed. I went with my mother to fetch them out of pawn by the prisoner's directions; one was at Mr. Holms's Ratcliff Highway, and the other was in Bell-yard, White-chapel.


                  William 
                  Harrison 
               



            , husband to the last witness, deposed to the prisoner's confession.
Prisoner's Defence. I did carry them away, and would have fetched them again, but they would not give me time.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


