





110. (M.) 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Robinson 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing one saw value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Derbyeal 
               




             . Feb. 7
 ++


                  William 
                  Derbyeal 
               



            . The prisoner and I 
worked both for one master, Mr. Grundy, a cabinet-maker


. At night; on the 7th of Feb. I left my saw hanging on a pad in the shop, when I went the next morning it was missing, the prisoner was the last in the shop; he was taken up and brought before a justice, he was charged with taking it, which he confessed, and that he took it away on the Wednesday. I went as directed by him, and found it.


                  Jacob 
                  Harvey 
               



             . I am constable . The prosecutor got a warrant from justice Chamberlain and brought it to me. I took the prisoner up, and asked him how he came to be guilty of robbing his shopmate of a saw; he said he bought it of a woman in Moor-fields, I think. I took him before the justice the next morning; then the prosecutor had found the man to whom he had sold the saw ; we went to that man ( 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Daniel 
               



            ) who owned he bought it, and produced it. (Produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.) Before we went before the justice he said, if I must tell the truth, I really did take the saw, and before the justice he confessed the same.


                  Thomas 
                  Daniel 
               



            . I bought this saw of the prisoner at the bar, and paid him for it on Saturday the 10th of this month between eleven and twelve o'clock. I gave him four shillings for it and a full pot of beer.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought that saw of a woman in Chiswell-street, she was a stranger to me; she said her husband was very bad in bed, and she sold it out of necessity.
For the Prisoner.


                  Philip 
                  Avery 
               



            . I know him to be a very honest (as far as I have heard or known) young fellow: he worked for me five months and upwards; I have known him above 12 years.


                  William 
                  Kelley 
               



            . I have known him ten years. As far as ever I knew or saw he is a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Cover 
               



            . I have known him about eight years, we were fellow-apprentices together, and I never knew any thing dishonest of him.


                  Richard 
                  Pateman 
               



            . I have known him ten years, and live in the same neighbourhood, but never knew any dishonesty by him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


