





327. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Pittfield 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing two shirts, value 10 s. two pair of spatterdashes, value 5 s. one pair of stockings, value 12 d. one other pair of stockings, value 2 s. one pair of gloves, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bliss 
                  




                
            , Octob. 5
. ||


                  John 
                  Bliss 
               



            . I am a soldier
, and live in Clare-Market, at the Red-Lion and Sugar-Loaf


. I was just come from the review on the 5th of October, I threw my bags in a chair by the fireside; there were in them two pair of spatter-dashes, two pair of stockings, one worsted, the other thread, one pair of gloves, and two neck-cloths, all tied up in a handkerchief together, about 12 o'clock in the day-time.
Q. Did you see the prisoner in the house?
Bliss. I did; I sat down to dinner; she said she came out of the country; the landlady ask'd her to dine with us: I had not done dinner so soon as she had, because I 
               
                  drew
               


             the beer; she went out and never bid them good bye, and took my bundle. She paid for three pints of beer. I missing my bundle, she being gone, suspected her. After that I was informed she was in Covent-Garden; I went there, and found her (this was the next day); I told her there was a person at the Red Lion wanted her, she went with me there, then I took her before Justice Fielding. I never charg'd her till I got her there; then she said, she knew nothing of my things. She was committed to New Prison; there I went and saw her, and she then had one of my shirts on her back.
Eliz. Wright. I was at the Red Lion when the prisoner and prosecutor were there; I saw the prisoner take a bundle in a little spotted red handkerchief, that lay behind the door on a little stool: she went out of the house with it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I came from Gloucestershire, and went to tell him that I had seen his friends, and call'd for some beer and paid for it, and ask'd him to drink. When he saw me in Covent Garden, he told me 
               
                  William 
                  Wood 
               



             wanted me at the Red Lion, I went there; then I went to Justice Fielding's with only a Butcher's boy. Pray, Mrs Wright, which door did I go out at.
Wright. You went out at the little door.

Prisoner. No, I did not; I went out at the other door.
Wright. I also saw you take the bundle out with you.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation.]


