






321, 322. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Jefferys 
                  



                
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Finley 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing three linen handkerchiefs, value 3 s. one pair of silk stockings, two pair of cotton stockings, two pair of worstead stockings, eleven linen clouts, and 27 s. in money number'd
            , the goods and money of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Noble 
                  



                
            , Aug. 17

, and the other for 


               receiving them, well knowing them to have been stolen.
             ||


                  Ann 
                  Noble 
               



            . My husband's name is William. We lodged in Queen Street, Seven-Dials



, where we had one room up two pair of stairs. I missed the things mentioned at several times; the first I missed was about a fortnight after I went to that house, which was on the 22d of June last; they were under no lock and key, except the lock to my room door. I have not found any thing since; but on the 17th of August I missed the twenty-seven shillings from out of a bandbox, wrap'd in a piece of brown paper, where I had put it that morning. Jefferys was servant
 to Finley, and I got a warrant and took her up on suspicion on the 19th, she having gone away on the 18th. I found her at Hungerford, at a house where her aunt lives, with quite new cloaths on. I charged her with taking 27 s from me, and her aunt asking if it was true, she said yes, and that her mistress sent her up with the key of the parlour door, which opened mine, and she took the other things; that she took a pair of black silk stockings, and her mistress sent her to sell them in Monmouth-Street; that a day or two after there were three pair of stockings taken out of the same box (I can not recollect who she said took them) and her mistress sent her with them to pawn, and two other pair afterwards; and after that she was sent up to take some other things, when she took some sattin and pawn'd it, and her mistress had the money, meaning the other prisoner. She said she took a handkerchief out of my room, that her mistress took two more out of my bandbox, and sent her with them to pawn, but I do not know where. She said she had laid out the 27 s. in the cloaths she had on her back, all but 20 d. I took Finley up the same day, but (tho' the girl confess'd this before the justice) she would not own any thing.


                  Mary 
                  Rickets 
               



            . The prosecutrix came to me on the 19th of August, and told me she had been rob'd, and by whom. I took her up stairs to the girl, and she charged her with stealing 27 s. The girl own'd she took the money out of her trunk, and that Mrs. Finley sent her up to take the other things, stockings, handkerchiefs, clouts and ribbon.
Jefferys's defence.
My mistress and I having some words one night I went out, and going along the Strand I met a gentleman, who took me to a house at the corner of Halfmoon-Street, treated me with half a pint of wine, and gave me half a guinea to cloath myself. Mrs. Noble told me she would give me half a guinea to say my mistress sent me up to take the things away.
Finley's defence.
Mrs. Noble took a room of me, and afterwards used us all very ill. She spit in my face, and said we were all whores, rogues and thieves. We bid her quit the room. She used to snap her fingers at us, and bid us kiss her backside. I took a warrant out against her from justice St. Lawrence, and she was committed to New-prison, but upon her promising to pay the rent due to me I beg'd her out of gaol: After which she began again. When she took up this girl, she got me to go with her to Hungerford, and went round by justice Fielding's, where she had me taken up. The girl was there, who said Mrs. Noble had offer'd her half a guinea and double apparel, if she would say I order'd her to rob her.
Jefferys 

               guilty
            .
Finley 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


