






8, 9. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dalton 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Ainsworth 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing five cloth coats, value 40 s. five linsey-woolsey waistcoats, and 5 hats, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Temple 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop
             of the said Robert, Oct. 3
.*
Isabella Temple. I am wife to Robert the prosecutor; we live in Rosemary-lane


, and have two shops, one over-against that where we live. On the 13th of October, our apprentice went over to the shop, and returned, and said the things were tumbled about, and he believed we had been robbed; I ran over, and found one side of the shop was stripped of a great many goods old and new.
Q. What sort of goods did you miss?
I. Temple. A great many coats.
Q. Did you lose five?
I. Temple. A good many fives.
Q. Did you lose any waistcoats?
I. Temple. Six waistcoats made of linsey-woolsey, and a great many hats.
Jos. Cox. I live in Cable-street, Dalton the prisoner brought this cloath coat ( producing one ripped to pieces ) to me to be dyed on the 24th of October. I, hearing Mr. Temple had been robbed, carried part of it to him to know if he knew it; there he shewed me the waistcoat to it made of the same cloath, upon which Dalton was taken up, he said, he would not tell how he came by it, till he had spoke with his mother; after which, he said he found it in Rosemary-lane, and who could hurt him; and said after that before the justice, the other prisoner was with him at the time.
Q. to the prosecutrix. Look at this coat; do you know it?
I. Temple. I am very positive it is my coat, and was in the shop, Oct. 12. My husband is ill, or he had been here. (The waistcoat produced in court, and compared.)


                  Robert 
                  Briscoe 
               



            . I was along with the prisoner when he was before the justice. I don't remember I heard him say he found the coat till after he wanted to speak with his mother; after which, he said he'd tell us more of his mind. We let his mother and he go up into a corner of the room together for six or seven minutes; then she said, who can hang my son, for he found it. I was along with Mr. Temple's young man when we found this waistcoat in Ainsworth's garret; it was hanging up to dry; it was just dyed black.
Q. to Cox. Do you know any thing of this waistcoat?
Cox. I do not, it was not dyed at my house.
Q. to prosecutrix. Do you know it?
Prosecutrix. I verily believe it to be mine, but can't swear to it, the colour being altered.


                  George 
                  Selvey 
               



            . I am a taylor, and work for Mr. Temple, and made the coat and waistcoat that are fellows, for Mr. Temple's own wearing.
Dalton's Defence.
Going along Rosemary-lane between ten and eleven at night, I kick'd against something, I picked it up, and found it to be a coat. I thought it was not worth advertising, so I carried it to be dyed blue-grey for mourning, my father being dead.


                  Martha 
                  Cutyford 
               



            . I have known Dalton from a child; I never heard any body give him an ill word; he is a sober, modest, good-natur'd youth.


                  Thomas 
                  Cutyford 
               



            , her husband, declared the same.


                  Mary 
                  Scurry 
               



            . I have known Dalton ever since he was four years old. I never heard any thing of him but that of a very prudent young man.
Dalton 

               guilty
             of single felony, Ainsworth 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


