





153. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Luke 
                     Henry 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 13th of January
, about the hour of two in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Barnard 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and steal one mahogany teachest, seven silver tea spoons, one pair of silver tea tongs, one pair of gold ear-rings, and one pair of silver buckles, the goods of the said Francis, in his dwelling-house
            . ++


                  Francis 
                  Barnard 
               



            . I keep the King's Head, a publick house
 in Monmouth-Street


. I got up on the 14th of January and found my window broke open, the closet door was also broke open, the lock hanging upon one nail, and the other three on the ground; out of the closet I miss'd the tea chest, in which were the other things mentioned, except a large silver spoon, which was lying upon a shelf. I went up stairs immediately, and found my four lodgers in bed. Lokin was one of them, who upon my asking told me he heard a noise between one and two o'clock, like the falling of the window bar upon the table, and that he heard somebody say, Betty, Betty, open the door for me; upon which I took a neighbour, and carried him before justice Fielding. Then Lokin said, he believed it was the prisoner, upon which I took up the prisoner. Then Lokin said he was the person that robbed me. But upon justice Fielding's hearing Lokin's name, he told him he believed he had been guilty of stealing some lace, which he confessed. The prisoner was committed to New Prison, I went to him there, and he confessed to me that 
               
                  Dick 
                  Lokin 
               



             had left the window open, and he went in and robbed me, for which he was very sorry, and that he had thrown the tea chest and sugar tongs into the vault where he lodged, and had pawn'd the rest of the things.


                  William 
                  Watson 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and took in seven spoons of the prisoner, on the 14th of January. I knew him before, he being employ'd by a lady to bring things before, and I did not know that he was discharged from her service.
Q. Where does she live?
Watson. It is my lady Marten.
Q. Who is she?
Watson. A lady of the town. (The spoons produced in court, and deposed to.)



                  Thomas 
                  Woodward 
               



            . I am a constable. On the 14th of last month Mr. Barnard told me he had been rob'd, and that Lokin told him, one West, a neighbour of his, had call'd his maid up at two o'clock in the morning. We took West up, and before justice Fielding Lokin at first said, he heard West call the maid up; but the justice hearing the name of Lokin, he charged him with a robbery. Then Lokin said, he could give an account of this if it would save him. Then West was discharged, and Lokin committed privately. After he had given an account, against the prisoner at the bar, at night I took the prisoner, when he came to the prosecutor's house, he having appointed to meet Lokin there. And on the Sunday, in the round house, he confessed to me he did commit the robbery, and that he had broke the buckles and sold them, and had thrown the tea chest into the necessary house. He told me he got in at the window, but did not say any thing about breaking the lock.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing about the affair; they put me into a black place forty-eight hours, and affrighted me, so that I did not know what I said.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


