





162. (M.) 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lloyd 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing two shillings and three-halfpence in money numbered
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Humphrey 
                     Nightingale 
                  




                
            , March 30
.* 
Humphrey Nightingale. The prisoner has been my servant
 about fifteen or sixteen months; about a month before I detected him I had reason to suspect him of robbing my till, and in order to detect him, I ordered my servant, 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Tompkins 
               



             to mark some halfpence and some silver, which he did; he marked forty-five shillings in silver, and five shillings in halfpence.
Q. How were they marked?
Nightingale. He marked them with a cross.
Q. Did you see him mark them?
Nightingale. I saw them after they were mark'd; then, on the 29th of March, I made an appointment with some friends to go out of town the next day. This I did in the prisoner's hearing. I got up the next morning, and I ordered Tompkins, my other servant, to go and dress himself, as if he was going out too. When he came down stairs, I ordered him to go and open the street-door, and shut it again, as if he had gone out; after that I did the same. I bid Tompkins go down into the cellar, and shut himself up in the vault there, and I went and concealed myself in the parlour behind the shop.
Q. Where was this marked money at this time?
Nightingale. It was then in my till in the shop. I had not been in the parlour a quarter of an hour before the prisoner came down stairs, and went into the cellar; presently after I saw him in the shop; he went behind the counter and drew out the till; I saw his hand in the till, and heard the halfpence jink. After that I saw him put his hand into his pocket twice; then he put the till in again, and was returning back. I rushed out of the parlour in order to take him, but he was too nimble for me, and got down the hole.
Q. What hole was that?
Nightingale. It was a hole through which we shoot down the coals. Tomkins being below he got hold of the prisoner's legs, and held him till I came. I bid him examine his left-hand pocket, and there he would find some money; he then pulled out some marked halfpence and two sixpences.
Q. Was the silver and halfpence all in one till.
Nightingale. There were three or four partitions in the till to separate the halfpence, the silver, and the gold. After that I counted the halfpence and found he had taken thirteen-pence-halfpeny in marked halfpence; I charged him with taking the money out of my till, he owned he had, and also that he had been there before, but had not taken much.
Q. Did he mention any sum?
Nightingale. He said he had not taken above ten shillings in all.


                  Samuel 
                  Tompkins 
               



            . I was concealed in the vault in the cellar at this time; I saw the prisoner come down into the cellar, and through the hole up into the shop, and I heard him move after he was in the shop; then I heard my master go towards him; then he came down the hole again, and I seized him. I examined his pockets, and took part of the money from him there; and part above, which I counted before his face, the halfpence were all marked; there were thirteen-pence-halfpeny and two six-pences in his pocket.
Q. Were the six-pences marked?
Tompkins. No, they were not.
Prisoner. I am guilty of the fact.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


