





44. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rosell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silk hose, value 14 s. one piece of worsted for a waistcoat, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        Israel 
                        Eltington 
                     




                   , privately in the warehouse of the said Israel
            ; Oct. 17
. ++
Israel Eltington. I am a Hosier
; Mr More a Stocking-trimmer, that work'd for me, us'd to send the prisoner sometimes 3 or 4 times a day, to fetch and carry goods
; about the 10th of October, I lost a pair of silk stockings, and on the 17th, I miss'd a double length worsted piece. The prisoner was suspected, and charg'd with taking them, and he own'd he did in my hearing, and that he took the stockings out of my ware-house.


                  John 
                  More 
               



            . The prisoner was my porter, I was informed the prisoner had delivered a worsted piece short; I, by inquiring, found the prisoner had desired one of my men to dye a piece black for himself: I found it, and tax'd him with it; first he said it belong'd to his Taylor, then he said he'd pay for it; but at last own'd it to be the prosecutor's.


                  Samuel 
                  Jones 
               



            . I had a warrant to take the prisoner up, which I did on the 5th of November; I heard him confess he took the silk stockings out of Mr Eltington's ware-house, and we found them at his house.
Prisoner's defence. I sent the piece to be dyed black, with intent to carry it home, when I found it was left behind.
He call'd 
               
                  Robert 
                  Gray 
               



            , who had known him a year; 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Norman 
               



            , ten years; 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Willey 
               



            , 14 or 15; and 
               
                  John 
                  Newton 
               



            , ever since he was born; who all spoke well of him.




               Guilty. 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


