





409. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Williams 
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for that she, together with 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Williams 
               



            , did 


               steal one silver pint mug, value 40 l. one two quart silver tankard, with a 3 l. 12 s. piece on the top of it, value 10 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , June 22
. ||


                  Jonathan 
                  Smith 
               



            . On the 19th of June last, in the evening, I lost a silver pint mug; and on the 22d, pretty late in the evening, I lost a two quart silver tankard, with a 3 l. 12 s. piece of gold on the top of it. On the 23 d I sent notice to Goldsmith's-hall, and likewise advertised it the 25th, by which means I came to find it out. The prisoner, and the 3 l. 12 s. piece were stop'd at one Mr. Holland's, near Bishops-gate, who sent for me. I accused the prisoner of the fact, and she immediately confess'd, that she and her brother had stolen the things. I desired her to go and show me where the tankard and mug were. She took me to a house in Dunning's alley, and shew'd me the tankard knock'd and cut to pieces; the piece of gold was cut out with a knife, and damaged in cutting out; then she went with me to Mr. Burry's, a pawn-broker, where she had pawn'd the mug for two guineas. The goods were produced in court and deposed to.


                  Edward 
                  Burry 
               



            . The prisoner brought the silver pint mug to me on the 20th of June, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon, saying, her mistress had lived in Barbacan, at the sign, of the Cattle, (there was a Castle engraved on the mug) and that she wanted money, &c. I told her, I chose to carry the money to her mistress. She said, her mistress lived in great credit, and the people would know me, which would not be so well. I would not lend her any money upon it. After that she came again with a woman, who, she said, was an intimate acquaintance of her mistress, which woman I had known about a year and a half, who testified it was her mistress's, so I lent her two guineas upon it.
Gyles Smyth went with the prosecutor to find the things, and confirm'd his testimony.
The prisoner in her defence said, It was not she, but her brother that took the things.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


