





415. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Taylor 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing sixteen pounds weight of tobacco, val. 12 s
            . the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hunt 
                  




                
            , Aug. 1
. ++ .


                  John 
                  Symonds 
               



            . I was with the prisoner at the bar on Summers's Key


. I stood on the outside, and he got in at a hole under a gate and handed me out this tobacco. Producing some.
Q. How much is there of it?
Symonds. Here are sixteen pounds weight?
Q. When was this?
Symonds. I don't know the day of the month; but it was on a Friday six weeks ago, and in the night. We carried it in two parcels to one Cosgrave near the Victualing Office on Tower Hill to sell; we knocked and he was along time in getting up, and the watchman came and took us.
Q. Did Cosgrave know in what manner you came by this tobacco?
Symonds. He must know that.
Q. Were any others concerned besides the prisoner and you?

Symonds. No. There were none else.


                  John 
                  Weston 
               



            . I am a watchman. I was going to beat the hour one this night and past the prisoner and evidence, after which I saw them knocking at Cosgrave's door. I heard somebody on the inside unlocking the door, and turning myself saw the evidence lying on this tobacco upon the ground. I laid hold of him. When the man within heard me he would not open the door at all. I took the evidence to the watch house, but the prisoner ran away.


                  James 
                  Murray 
               



            . I was officer of the night when the evidence and the tobacco were brought to the watch-house. I asked him where he got it, and he said, he stole it from the key, and that if I'd go with him he'd go and take his accomplice. I carried him before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gore 
               



            , and his information was taken; upon which a warrant was granted, and I went by the evidence's direction and took the prisoner, who confessed also he had the tobacco from the place where the accomplice had mentioned before.


                  William 
                  Robertson 
               



            . I am concerned upon the key for Mr. Hunt. He and only he had tobacco that night in the place where the prisoner and accomplice say they took this from; it was rolled up under the gateway in order to be safe there till next morning, and then to be fetched away; there was a hole at the bottom of the gate where a person might creep in.
Q. Was the duty paid?
Robertson. It was.
Prisoner's defence.
I met with the evidence going over Tower Hill. He asked me to go with him, which I did. He stopped against this door and sat down, but I did not know what he had got. The watchman came and said, Friend, I must stop you. I thought he was going to take him up for keeping disorderly hours, and so ran away, fearing he should lay hold on me; the next morning I was taken up by a warrant. I am but just come up out of Huntingtonshire, and am a stranger here.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


