





252. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Stevenson 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Wheeler 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , May 25
 ++


                  James 
                  Wheeler 
               



            . I am a carpenter and joiner
. As a young man and I were coming down an alley together, the prisoner stopt me, and said you shall eat some shrimps; then she goes to the other young man, and swore by her maker he should eat some, and he took a few. Then she ask'd me to give her a dram. I agreed to it; and as we were going into a publick house, she said she had fell out with the people of the house, and did not care to go there, and said she lodged at the next door, and if we would go there she had rather. We went in, there were a great many people in the lower room, so she desired us to go up stairs; which we did. There she took me round my middle, and went to salute me, or so She put her hand into my pocket and took out my watch, and put it into her bosom.
Q. Was the other young man in the room then?
Wheeler. No, he was not, he was gone down stairs; I call'd him up, and told him she had taken my watch.
Q. Did you perceive her to take the watch?
Wheeler. I saw her put it into her bosom, so did the young man.
Q. If he was out of the room how could he see her put it into her bosom?
Wheeler. He went out after she had put it in her bosom, and staid about 8 or 9 minutes. When she took me about the middle she pushed me on the bed, but I was not on the bed when she put the watch in her bosom.
Q. Are you a master or journeyman?
Wheeler. I am a journeyman. I charged the constable with her and took her before the alderman, and there charged her with taking my watch.
Q. What did she say for herself?
Wheeler. She made an excuse, and said I had dropt it on the bed.
Q. How do you know but that might be the case?
Wheeler. I had it, and in a moment I felt again, and it was gone.
Q. Did you ever find it again?
Wheeler. A woman brought it to the constable's house. She said before that she would, provided I would not hurt the prisoner.
Q. Do you know the reason of the young man's going out of the room?
Wheeler. I can't tell why he did.


                  Thomas 
                  Graves 
               



            . We were coming down George Alley


 together, we had had a pot or two of beer, this woman asked the prosecutor to have some shrimps, and she ask'd me to take a few, then she ask'd for a dram; he said he would give it her at an alehouse, but she refused to go in there, and said if he would go to her apartment she would send for a dram. We went with her. She laid hold of his waist and kissed him. She set him on the bedside, and they both fell backwards together; in the value of a minute's time I saw this good woman have the watch in her hand, and look at it, and put it into her bosom.
Q. Did you see it afterwards?
Graves. I did, in the constable's house, not before.
Q. Was the prosecutor drunk or sober?
Graves. He was between both, not quite either.


                  John 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . I am the constable. These two men brought the prisoner to my house, where she acknowledged she had the watch, and a strange woman deliver'd it, upon condition the prosecutor would not prosecute the prisoner.
Q. Did he say he would not prosecute her if he had his watch again?
Shepherd. He did. But when it was deliver'd to me he charged me with her, the watch produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor. The prosecutor described the marks of the watch to me before he saw it. The prisoner said she pick'd it up upon the bed.
Q. to Prosecutor. How came you to let her go away with the watch?
Prosecutor. I did not let her go away.
Q. How came this strange woman by the watch ?
Prosecutor. As far as I know the prisoner gave it to another woman that came up stairs. I searched the prisoner, but could not find it upon her.
Prisoner's defence. This young man was up in the room with me, and I found the watch upon the bed. I gave it to a young woman, who went down stairs with it, and she sent it by another woman to me again.
Q. to Prosecutor. Was there another woman in the room when you was there ?
Prosecutor. No, not as I know of. I saw none till the prisoner knock'd with her heel and another woman came up.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


