





98. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Watkins 
                  , otherwise 
Ware




            , widow
; was indicted for 


               stealing two curtains, value 2 s. two linnen sheets, value 5 s. one pillow-case, value 6 d. two looking-glasses, and one copper stew-pan
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bracket 
                  




                
            , Nov. 22
. ++


                  William 
                  Bracket 
               



            . The prisoner nursed a person in my house
; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; I suspected her; she was taken up and charged with taking them; she own'd she had taken them, and delivered the curtain to me again, and the stew-pan was found upon her.
Mr Ealing. I am a Pawn-broker: he produced a pair of sheets. She pawned these in her own name.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at the sheets?
Prosecutor. Here is no mark upon them; I can't swear to them, but the prisoner own'd these sheets came from off my bed.


                  Thomas 
                  Baldwin 
               



            . I am Constable: when we went to the Pawn-broker, the prosecutor ask'd her if she had pawn'd it in her own name or his name; she could not tell; she own'd also that she had taken them: I found the stewpan in her lodgings.
Q. Was the Pawn-broker present at that time she owned to the taking the things?
Baldwin. He was.
Q. Did she say she had taken a pair of sheets?
Baldwin. Sheets were mentioned by us: she did not mention the word sheets; but said she had taken a pair.


                  Ann 
                  Hicks 
               



            . I live at Mr Bracket's: the prisoner nursed me when I lay-in: I heard her own she took away two looking-glasses, Mr Bracket's property; the stew-pan was found upon her, and she brought a curtain back to Mr Bracket.
Mrs. Smith. I heard the prisoner own she had taken the glasses, sheets, and pillow-case; that she took them from out of a two pair of stairs room, and the sheets from off the bed.
Prisoner's defence.
I never took none of the things.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


