





424. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Norman 
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing eight silver table spoons, value 4 l. two silver tea spoons, value 2 s. two silver salts, and one silver pepper-box, value 15 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Matth.ew 
                           Huntley 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Matthew
            , May 16
. ++


                  Matthew 
                  Huntley 
               



            . I live in Leadenhall-street


, but have a house at Edmonton. I receiv'd a letter from my wife there, to inform me that I had been robb'd of some plate, and gave the description of them, some with the crest, and some the letters engraved on them. I went to one Mr. Delapont for his assistance. We sent a paper describing the things to Goldsmith's-hall, and also advertised them. Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Barlow 
               



            , a silver-smith, bought one spoon that morning. I was in the country when the prisoner was taken. I have got four of the table spoons, and the two salts, and pepper box again. I have spoons of the same mark, both crest and letters, which were, with the others, produc'd in court to compare. These are all my property.


                  John 
                  Delapont 
               



            . I issued out warrants, and advertised the things the 16th of May. Mr. Barlow came to me the next morning, when I went to Mr. Huntley's brother to see if I could get any of the other spoons to compare with it, which I found it exactly answered. I gave them 11 s. 3 d. which he gave for it. After five or six days I got intelligence that some of the things were pawned at one Mr. Mennil's, who had lent 9. 6 d. upon three spoons, the two salts, and pepper box, which I took out. The prisoner was taken up, and being accused with the fact, owned she had pawned these three articles.



                  Sarah 
                  Biginton 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Huntley. The first time I saw the prisoner was the 11th of May, when she came to me at Edmonton as I sat at the door, ask'd me if I wanted any matches, and begg'd some small beer. I got up and drew her some. When she had drank it, she ask'd me if I would have my fortune told? (the prisoner went under the character of a Gypsy.) She told me it would be a very lucky house to me, and told me also that there was money, upwards of 70 l. buried in the cellars. She named twenty-five large pieces of gold, some large pieces of silver, three gold rings, silver spoons, and other things, which were buried by an old man and woman, and that they were buried there for me, and that I was the person who was to have them. She then went away, saying she would be with me again on Tuesday. Accordingly she came when I was in the fore room, but only asked for a little small beer, and went away, having no opportunity of speaking to me then. She came again the next day, when she told me about the money, what quantity there was, and that I must get a quantity of silver or gold, four or five pounds value, and put into my right side pocket till such time this money was brought.
Q. Where were you when you had this Talk?
S. Biginton. We were in the kitchen: she was to come again the next morning, which she did, a few minutes after six. I let her in again, and brought the plate, eight large silver table spoons, two tea spoons, a pair of silver salts, and a silver pepper box, and put them on the table before her: she took the spoons in her hand, and wrap'd them in a cloth which she brought; I put in one salt and the pepper box, and then she roll'd the cloths up round, and ordered me to go and put some salt in the fire. When I came again the cloths were rolled again, and I put the other salt in. Then she ordered me to get a piece of packthread, with which she tied it up at the end where the spoons and salts were, as I thought. After that she told me I must get a parcel of linen of all sorts to put this into, and that they were better than to put it in my pocket. Accordingly I went and got some linen, and she put it in amongst it, tied them up, and put the parcel into the cellar. I went with her, and she told me I must not go near it till she came again, which would be in about two hours. She went away about seven o'clock, but not returning, I let the things lie till about eleven, at which time they would be wanted for dinner; but when I untied the parcel to take out the plate, there was nothing in the cloth but a wooden spoon, a flint, a steel, and some powder, I believe it was gunpowder; it was tied up as it was she left it. Upon this I made a discovery, and my mistress wrote a letter, and sent it away.
Q. When did you see the prisoner again after this?
S. Biginton. I saw her again last Wednesday in prison; but as soon as she saw me she went away.


                  Henry 
                  Barlow 
               



            . I am a silver-smith: on the 16th of May I bought this spoon, I believe, of the prisoner. She was but a short time with me, and as soon as I saw the advertisement I carried it to Mr. Delapont's house.
Q. Are you certain it is the prisoner?
Barlow. I don't swear it, but I do verily believe it was her.


                  Francis 
                  Mannel 
               



            . I take in pledges, my wife is the chief manager of that, I having other business to attend. I have seen the prisoner frequently in our shop, but I did not take these things in.


                  Phillis 
                  Mannel 
               



            . On the 4th of June the prisoner brought the five things to our house, three silver spoons, a pair of salts, and a pepper box. She said she was going into the country, and beg'd I would take them in, and keep them for two or three months. I lent her 9 s. 6 d. upon them.


                  Joseph 
                  Clarkson 
               



             by the advertisement having a suspicion the prisoner (whom he had seen before deceiving the unwary in such like manner,) was the person meant by the description, search'd for, and took her, when she confessed in part; but after some time, she said she would take her chance, and would not confess any more.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the things. I never saw them in my life. If I had been such a woman as to have done this, I should have had some body to have come after me; but I have not a soul but God, your lordship, and myself, to give me a good word and right me.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


