






376, 377. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ransom 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Edgerton 
                  , otherwise Batt



            , were indicted for 


               stealing two saddles, value 25 s. one saddle-cloth, value 3 s. two girths, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Bentley 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the stable of the said Joseph
            , May 26
. +


                  Joseph 
                  Bentley 
               



            . I was called up in the morning of the 28th of last month and told that my stable door was broke open. I went and found the lock, was wrenched. I missed two saddles and a saddle-cloth, two girths and a surcingle. There was a large piece of wood standing by the door. At the same time I found the two prisoners in the custody of the watchman. I had them before the justice; as one of them was a suspicious person, they were both committed. In a day or two after there was a black apprehended, whom justice Chamberlain thought sit to admit as an evidence; he confessed the fact. The saddles were advertised, and the old one was found by some schoolboys and brought to me; then Philip Edgerton confessed that he and the black (William Coffe) broke open the stable and took the things.


                  William 
                  Coffe 
               



            . The two prisoners and I broke open the stable door; Edgerton went to a watchman to light a candle, and we went in and took away two saddles, two girths, a surcingle, and a saddle cloth; we carried them to the house of one James, who was Edgerton's master; and when they were sold we were to have part of the money, but we were taken, so know nothing of the money.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a watchman belonging to St. John's Square, Clerkenwell. About one in the morning on the 28th of May Edgerton came to me and said, pray, Mr. Smith, give me leave to light my candle; I asked him what he wanted it for, he said he was going to do his Mrs's horse that was going to a fair; he lighted it. As I was beating the hour 2, I found a piece of wood standing by the stable door and the door open; then I went into the hay lost in the next yard and found the two prisoners there; I secured them. After that I took the black, his master desired me if I saw him to secure him, which I did, and he confessed the fact.



                  Joseph 
                  James 
               



            . Confirmed the confession of Edgerton, that he and the black alone did it.
Ranson's defence. I went to sleep there, after which Edgerton came in. About 3 or 4 o'clock the watchman came and took us up.
Edgerton's Defence. The night before this fact was done the black stole a cloth belonging to a coach, he bid me come to him about 4 in the morning to go into my stable, saying he wanted to go in. He broke it open, and brought the 2 saddles out, and said he was going to Cloth fair with them.
Hen. Greenwood. I have known Ransom 7 or 8 years, he lodged with me, he always behaved well.
Nat. Larkin. I have known Ransom about ten years, I never knew any ill of him.
Eliz. Green. I have known him 8 years, he always behaved well, he is an apprentice, but his master failed.
Ransom 

               acquitted
            .
Edgerton 


               guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


