





292. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Jenks 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen bed quilt, value 3 s. one copper saucepan, value 2 s. 6 d. one copper tea kettle, one box-iron, one trevit, one bolster, one pair of sheets, one blanket, and one pair of harrateen window curtains, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Nixon 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging room, let by contract
            , &c. June 16
.


                  James 
                  Nixon 
               



            . My wife let a lodging to the prisoner at the bar, with the things in the room that are mention'd in the indictment, my property; he was in it almost a year, and paid his rent, 2 s. per week, for better than half a year. He left the room, and did not return for about six weeks. I went into it, and missed the goods mention'd in the indictment. I took him up, and he acknowledg'd he had taken and pawn'd them, and went with me to five pawnbrokers, where they were


                  Clement 
                  Wakefield 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. One Lackston brought a bed quilt and pawn'd to me, which the prosecutor came and own'd


                  Ann 
                  Lack 
               



            . The prisoner who took the bed quilt off the bed, were pawn'd it to this man.
Q. Did the prisoner know of her pawning it?
A. Lackson He by when she carried it out I had pawn'd it two or three times for them. The goods produced in court, and deposed for.
Prisoner. The last time it was pawn'd I had the money; I'll speak the truth, that is fair; I said when I got into work I'd fetch it out again.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


