





144. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hoppit 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three half-guineas, one piece of silver coin, called a French half-crown, three guineas and 2 l. 12 s. 7 d. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Matth.ew 
                     Panson 
                  




                
            , Jan. 22
. ++ .


                  Matthew 
                  Panson 
               



            . I live in Stone-cutter-street, and am a horse-keeper; I had three guineas, three half-guineas, a French half-crown, and twenty-one half-crowns, besides some small money in a little box, in a corn-bin in the stable; it was taken out, I suspected the prisoner, he being used to be in the stable; he lived with Mr. Cushee a a corn-chandler in Shoe-lane, I had lent him a stock, and took it out of the place where the money was, and put it about his neck on the 19th of January, then he saw the money, it was in a little white purse in the box. I took him up on suspicion, and had him to Guild-hall, he confessed there before several people that he had taken the money out of the box; he then took three guineas out of his shoe, and a French half-crown, which was all he had left.
Cross-examination.
Q. What were the very words he made use of?
Panson. He owned he had got the money and the purse.
Q. Did you say any thing to the prisoner in order to induce him to a confession?
Panson. No, I did not; he called to me and said he was very sorry it should happen so.
Q. Had you mentioned money at that time?
Panson. I had, and he owned he had got it.
Q. Did you mention the sum ?
Panson. He owned all the particulars, as I mentioned them to him at several times.
Mr. Cushee. He produced a French half-crown.
Q. to the prosecutor. Do you know this piece? look at it.
Prosecutor. This is the very piece that was with my money.
Q. Have you any particular mark to it?
Prosecutor. There is a black spot on the smooth side of it, by which I know it.
Q. Suppose there were a number of French half-crowns all mixed together, could you know that very piece from the rest?
Prosecutor. I could.
Q. How could you pick that out from the rest?
Prosecutor. I could because of the mark, the spot of dirt.


                  John 
                  Lockyer 
               



            . I am a watchman in Holborn; I heard the prisoner was suspected; on the Saturday-night following I saw him rolling and tumbling about the street, drunk; I saw him shew two guineas the next morning; I told the prosecutor and the prisoner's master in what manner I had seen him; they desired I would secure him when I saw him again; on the Sunday-night he came into Holborn and inquired for a bundle that he had lost on the Saturday-night, I secured him, and he was committed to the Compter; the next day he was taken to Guild-hall, there he confessed the fact to me and several others in the matted gallery.


                  Robert 
                  Johnson 
               



            . On the Sunday-morning I found the prisoner asleep in my bed when I came from my duty; I am a watchman; I shook him very much before I could awake him, when I did he shook his head, and asked me where he was? I said he was in Gray's-inn-lane; he asked me if I could get any thing to warm him? I said there was a house up, which was the Green-dragon, I took him there, he called for a pint of purl, and drank it all up, and called for another; then he pulled out his money to pay for it, among which I saw some guineas and a piece something like a half-crown.
Q. Should you know that piece again was you to see it?
Johnson. I could.
Q. Look at this piece, (be takes it in his hand).
Johnson. This is the piece I will assure you, he had a silver four-pence and a three-pence, but those I could not find.


                  Edward 
                  Sperry 
               



            . I am a watchman; I had intelligence of this man, he came to me and asked if I knew any thing of three shirts and a handkerchief which he had lost on the Saturday-night, saying, he had been fuddled; I secured him, and told him what it was for; he said he had three guineas and a pocket piece left, which he took from the person; he at first desired to speak with the person he had robbed; the prosecutor was present, this was at Guild-hall.
Prisoner's defence.
I am innocent of the affair that is laid to my charge.
To his character.
Mr. Patterson. I am a bookseller in the Strand; I have known the prisoner at the bar these seven years, he was a servant of mine about four years ago in the capacity of a porter to go on errands, and to open and shut my shop, he behaved well then.


                  Joseph 
                  Hemmings 
               



            . I have known him these three years; I employed him when he was out of business; I make paper-hangings for rooms; I always looked upon him to be an honestman. I intrusted him to receive money for me, he never imbezzled it.


                  Thomas 
                  Rout 
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop in Beaufort's buildings in the Strand; I have known the prisoner at the bar from a child; he is an honest, sober man, as far as ever I heard.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


