





30. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Vaughan 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one napkin, value 15 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Foster 
                        




                      
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Beal 
                     



                  , privately and secretly
            , Nov. 10
.


                  John 
                  Foster 
               



            . I am city butler
; on the next day after my Lord Mayor's day, I was sent for to the Mansion-house, the prisoner was brought there, and this napkin, my property, was there produced. I know it by the mark. I know not how the prisoner came by it.


                  Robert 
                  Beal 
               



            . I am servant to my Lord Mayor; about the hour of one in the night after my Lord Mayor's day, I had this napkin in my pocket; I was jostled at the gate of the Mansion-house


, and nffed the napkin; I observed the prisoner close at my heels, he wanted to get off. I saw something hang out of his breeches, I took hold and plucked it out; it was a musling handkerchief; then I charged him with taking the napkin which I had missed, and in pulling him to go before my Lord Mayor, I saw two handkerchiefs and this napkin fall from him to the ground.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of the napkin; as for the handkerchief he took from me, that I found, and put it in my bosom.
To his character.


                  Benjamin 
                  Kelson 
               



            . I am a taylor, I live in Ropemakers-alley near Moorfields; I have known the prisoner about five years, I never knew any dishonestly by him before this fact, he is a Watch-movement maker.


                  Vincent 
                  Vanghan 
               



            . I am a glover and breeches-maker.
Q. Are you related to the prisoner at the bar?

V. Vaughan; I am, but it is a great way off. I have known him from a child to this very hour; he has behaved very honest and sedate till this thing happened; he has been married about six months.
Humphry Vaughan. I have known him from an infant; I never knew any harm by him, nothing but what was honest and sober.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


