





310. (M.) 
               
                  Mary, the wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Law 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen sheet, value 4 s. a linnen gown, value 7 s. a nankeen waistcoat, value 4 s. a dimity petticoat, value 4 s. and a linnen shirt, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Geo.
                      Frer
                  




               
            , May 16
 *.


                  Sarah 
                  Frer 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Geo 
                  Frer 
               



            : the prisoner came to me as a servant
 on the first of this month, and on Thursday the 16th she made her elopement: I missed the sheet on the 13th, the gown on the Wednesday following, and the shirt she took from me the day she went away. She confessed where she had pawned them, and we have them all now.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Tucker 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker (she produced part of the things ) I had these things from the prisoner at the bar; she brought the gown on the 14th, the waistcoat and petticoat on the 15th, the shirt was brought on the 16th; I lent 6 s. upon the gown, 4 s. 2 d. upon the waistcoat and petticoat, and 3 s. upon the shirt.
Q. Look upon the prisoner again - Are you sure she is the woman that brought them?


                  Elizabeth 
                  Tucker 
               



            . Yes, I am sure she is the person that brought them and pawned them to me, I have known her before.


                  Martha 
                  Yeomans 
               



             (a pawnbroker produced the shirt, which was deposed to by the prosecutrix) the prisoner pawned this with me in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Simmonds 
               



            ; she brought it on the 14th of this month.
Q. Are you sure she is the same person?


                  Martha 
                  Yeomans 
               



            . I believe she is, but I cannot be sure.
Q. What had she upon it?


                  Martha 
                  Yeomans 
               



            . Two shillings.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.




               Guilty, 13 s. 2 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


