





37. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Franklin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two cloth coats, value 40 s. two pair of leather boots, value 10 s. and one pair of stockings
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Lisle 
                  




                
            , Esq
; Nov. 1
 +


                  Thomas 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I am coachman to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Lisle 
               



            , Esq. On the first of November I lost two cloth coats from out of my master's stable in White-Horse-Yard, King-Street, Westminster


; and the prisoner having been seen to go into the yard, I charged him with taking them.
Q. Describe the coats.
Williamson. They were blue lined with yellow; the great coat had plain yellow buttons, the other had yellow buttons with crosses on them like a harrow.



                  Richard 
                  Perfect 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Lisle, and lost a pair of stockings at the same time from out of the stable; they were found afterwards at the prisoner's lodging.
Williamson. I searched the prisoner's lodging where he was quarter'd (he is a soldier) and found the stockings; they are very remarkable ones, being black mended with purple worstead.


                  Robert 
                  Wyn 
               



            . I keep a publick house in Buckingham Court, Charing-Cross. The prisoner came to our house on a Tuesday night, the beginning of November, about 7 or 8 o'clock, with a coat on his back which I know to be Mr. Lisle's livery; he asked me to pull it off (it was over his regimentals) and put it by for him till he called for it, which I did; he called for it next morning, bringing another man with him, who bought it of him for 7 s. and 6 d. and changed a 9 shilling piece with me to pay for it.
Q. What sort of a man was it?
Wyn. I took the man to be a Jew, he was an old cloaths man.
Q. Why did you not detect him, as you knew the coat?
Wyn. I did not suspect it then to be Mr. Lisle's livery, but knowing his livery well I afterwards thought of it, it was a blue coat lined with yellow and brass buttons.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Wyn. He belongs to the guards.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Lamb 
               



            . On the first of November at night I followed the prisoner down King-Street, he was very much in liquor. I sat down on the next steps to the White-Horse-Inn, and he went down the yard, where the stables are, but there is no thorough fare. I was there above twenty minutes, and did not see him come back.
Q. Was you waiting for him?
E. Lamb. No.
Q. to Williamson. Is that a thorough-fare?
Williamson. It is not.
Q. to E. Lamb. What time of the night was this?
E. Lamb. The clock struck nine before I left the place.
Q. to Williamson. Was the stable door lock'd at that time?
Williamson. It is very seldom or ever lock'd, the yard is a close yard, and he must get in before the gates were shut; the gates were found open the next morning.
Prisoner's Defence.
An old cloaths man brought a coat to me, the button holes were not lined with yellow; I bought it of him for 5 s. We had a man deserted, and I bought it to put on, that he might not know me when I went to take him; I was out several days after him, but could not find him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


