





179. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Silver 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 22d of May
, about the hour of one in the night on the same day, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mayne 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing one brass pot, value 10 s. one brass kettle, value 5 s. one bell-metal pot, value 2 s. one brass stew-pan, value 2 s. and one copper sauce-pan, value 12 d. the goods of the said John, in the said dwelling-house
            . +


                  John 
                  Mayne 
               



            . I keep the Ship and Shears
 in the Match-Walk in Shadwell


. I am a Tides-man
. I had laid on board a vessel, and came home on the 23d of this instant May, about 9 o'clock in the morning, I found my door that opens out of the cellar into the street was broke open.
Q. How was it broke?
Mayne. I believe it was cut with a key-hole saw into part of the frame-work, by which means there was a hole to put in a hand to draw the bolt back. We miss'd a large boiler or pot, a kettle, a bell-metal pot, a stew-pan, and a copper sauce-pan.
Q. Does that cellar communicate with the dwelling-house?
Mayne. It does; it is under the house, and a door opens up into the house above.
Q. What reason have you to suspect the prisoner at the bar in taking the things you mention'd ?
Mayne. I went the next day to justice Fielding, and gave him three shillings to advertise it. After it was advertised came two men and ask'd me to describe the things lost; which when I had done, they said they had found part of them. They told me where to go to see them. I went next morning accordingly to justice Palmer, there I found part of the goods and the prisoner.
Q. Did you charge him with taking the goods?
Mayne. I did, but he would not own it.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner before?
Mayne. I think. I have seen him go by my door before.


                  Ann 
                  Turner 
               



            . I live in the house, I know all the things where safe over night, after 10 o'clock.
Q. Did you see that the door that opens into the street was fast?
Turner. I fastened that door myself, before it was dark, and went down again after 10 to see if it was fast, and found it so.
Q. Where were these things that were lost?
Turner. They were all in the cellar at that time.
Q. When did you first know of the door being broke open?
Turner. About 6 the next morning. A man that lay in the house got up first, and found it broke open, and he came and call'd me. I came down and found it so.
Q. How was it broke?
Turner. It seem'd as if a gimblet had been bor'd in it in two places, and then the wood cut out, and the bolt was pushed back. After I saw the door open, then I looked about and missed the things directly.
Q. What did you miss?
Turner. I missed a large pot, a bell-metal pot, a kettle, a sauce-pan, and a stew-pan.



                  Thomas 
                  Townsend 
               



            . I stopp'd the prisoner with those things, a kettle, a stew-pan, and a saucepan produc'd.
Q. What are you?
Townsend. I am a cordwainer.
Q. Where did you stop the prisoner ?
Townsend. At my father's house.
Q. What is your father?
Townsend. He is a cordwainer. The prisoner had sold my father some skins, which we suspected afterwards to have been stolen, so I had been about to look for him; but he came again to sell these things to my father, and I stopp'd him.
Q. Where does your father live?
Townsend. He lives in Kingsland Road, Shoreditch.
Q. How comes it, your father being a Shoemaker, to deal in such things as these?
Townsend. He deals in a small brokery way. I told the prisoner he should give an account how he came by these things; and also the other things he brought before. He told me these things where his own, and he insisted upon it to be let go. I charg'd an officer with him, and the next day I saw an advertisement describing the things.
Q. to prosecutor. Look at these things produc'd.
Prosecutor. This sauce-pan has a piece in the inside of it, by which I know it. The stewpan has no mark upon it, but I believe it to be mine; mine was of this size. The kettle I am certain is mine; it has been tinn'd, and here is part of the tin remains on it.
Q. Are no other kettles tinned besides your's?
Prosecutor. I never saw one so large as this that was tinn'd.
Q. to A. Turner. Look at these goods.
Turner. The stew-pan and sauce-pan I know very well to be the prosecutor's. The saucepan has a remarkable piece on it; and as to the kettle, I am very sure that is his also. I described it before I saw it, and said it had been tinn'd, and part of the tin was now to be seen.
Q. to Townsend. Do you know what the prisoner deals in?
Townsend. He goes about and deals in old cloaths, as he says, and in this sort of ware, and bits of brass, or brass cocks, and the like. I have seen him about half a dozen times.
Q. He pretends not to understand English very well, did he speak English when you stopp'd him?
Townsend. He did.


                  Joseph 
                  Clark 
               



            . I am an officer. Mr Townsend sent for me to take charge of the prisoner at the bar. The prisoner was very loth to part with the things, and said, they were part of his own houshold-goods; and his wife also told me the same.
Q. Did he pretend he had bought them lately?
Clark. No, he did not.
Prisoner's Defence
I do not know any thing about it. I bought these things of a neighbour, named 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Israel 
               



            .
Prosecutor. That man is taken and committed, but no bill found against him.
For the Prisoner.


                  Rowland 
                  Jones 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since the year Fifty; he works at turning a wheel for a diamond-cutter
, which is hard work; and when he has none of that to do, then he goes on errands for his own people.
Q. What do mean by his own people?
Jones. He is a Jew.
Q. What is his general character?
Jones. I never knew any harm of him in my life.
Q. Did you live near him?
Jones. He liv'd opposite to me.


                  John 
                  Moutlow 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about six years.
Q. What is his character?
Moutlow. He is a very quiet man; he has behav'd as well as any man in the neighbourhood, and bears the character of a very honest man.


                  Mary 
                  Baynham 
               



            . I have known him betwixt 8 and 9 years.
Q. How has he behav'd?

Baynham. I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life; he always behav'd very well. I have been with him in several places with his acquaintances. He was always respected. I never heard any harm of him 'till this thing happened.




               Guilty of Felony only
            .
There was another indictment against him, for stealing a quantity of skins; but that being only laid a single felony he was not tried on that.




[Transportation. See summary.]


