





332. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edmond 
                     Barretts 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               unlawfully obtaining from 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Slayter 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Shephard 
                        



                      
                  , one half hundred weight of iron, value 5 s. their property, with intent to cheat and defraud them of it
            . Oct. 18
. ++


                  Roger 
                  Mascall 
               



            . On the 18th of this instant, the prisoner came to Slayter's and Shephard's in Newgate street


 where I am servant, betwixt eight and nine o'clock to borrow a half hundred weight in Mr. Barnsley's name.
Q. Where does Mr. Barnsley live?
Mascall. He lives in Newgate street; I went to the counting house and asked my master if I should lend him one, he said yes by all means; I lent him one, he carried it away, he crossed the way to Mr. Barnsley's but did not go in, but kept going on towards Newgate, I went and overtook him and took it away from him, and brought it back on my shoulder, and he walked away, then I was advised to go and secure the man, which I did; I took him to Mr. Barnsley's and asked him if he sent him, he said he did not, but he had been at his house to borrow one but a little before, I found afterwards that he had been also to two or three places on the same errand.
Q. Where is Mr. Barnsley? is he here?
Mascall. He is a Quaker and will not swear.
Prisoner's defence.
I was at work in Pater-noster-row, my master used to deal with Mr. Barnsley, and since I have been out of my time I have bought things of him; being a little acquainted there, I went to desire him to lend me such a thing, he said he could not; I desired to know whether he could recommend me where to borrow one, he said he could not, except I could get it at a cheesemonger's or a grocer's; then I went over to the gentleman's, and said I came from Mr. Barnsley's and begged for a half hundred weight, he made no dispute at all but went to his master and brought one out; I was going up Warwick-lane, and the young man came to me and said his master would not lend any weight out of the house, I said then there it is, and gave it to him again; after that he came and said, young man you must go along with me, so I went readily; if the court pleases, I would have Mr. Barnsley's maid called.


                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Barnsley, there was a man came and knocked at the door, and my master went to him, he asked him if he would lend him a half hundred weight, my master said he had never a one to lend, if he had one perhaps he might lend it him, but he did not know him.
Prisoner. My friends live at some distance, and this being the first thing, I did not think needful to trouble them.



               Guilty
            .
There was another indictment against him for an offence of the same sort.




[Transportation.]


