





450. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen handkerchief, value 8 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Younghusband 
                  




                
            , Aug. 13
 ++ .


                  John 
                  Barnes 
               



            . I was upon the 'Change, and saw the prisoner very busy at several gentlemens pockets; at last I saw him take a handkerchief out of a young gentleman's pocket, and immediately wiped his face with it; I immediately clapp'd my hand on his shoulder and turned him about, and called the gentleman to me, and ask'd him if he had lost any thing; he felt in his pocket, and said he had lost a handkerchief; I said, is this your handkerchief in this villain's hand ? for I had hold of his hand, and he had the handkerchief in it; he said it was his.
Q. What is the gentleman's name?
Barnes. He said he was Captain 
               
                  John 
                  Younghusband 
               



            , we went with the prisoner to the Mansion house, there was no body there, so we went before the sitting Alderman.
Mr. Thradfield. I was at my duty at the gate at the Exchange; I keep the gate; I went to know the cause, seeing a crowd, and was told there was a pick-pocket; I saw the prisoner, whom I had known years before; he had been a sort of a clerk to Mr. Bridgwater, an attorney, who had an office in Pope's-Head-Alley; I took charge of him. (he produces a handkerchief ) This was delivered to me. I heard Captain 
               
                  Younghusband
               


             swear to it as his property.
Prisoner's defence.
Walking along by the 'Change I saw a handkerchief lying, I took it up and wip'd my face with it, which is all I know of the matter.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


