






96. (L.) 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bowden 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 1 silver salt spoon, value 6 d. 6 pounds weight of loaf-sugar, 7 pounds weight of moist sugar, one ounce of mace, one quarter of a pound of pepper, half an ounce of cloves, three ounces of nutmegs, one quarter of a pound of chocolate, two pounds of tea, and one ounce and half of cinnamon, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Farr 
                        



                      
                  ; and one penknife
            , the property of 
               

                        George 
                        Farr 
                     



                  , the younger






            , January 16
. ++


                  George 
                  Farr 
               



            . I am a grocer
; the prisoner was my servant, in the capacity of cook-maid
.
Q. Where do you live?
Farr. In Newgate-street


: she was going away, and I thought proper to search her box, in which I found the things mention'd in the indictment.
Q. Was her box locked?
Farr. It was.
Q. How did she say she came by the things ?
Farr. She told me the nutmegs ( there were twenty-one large ones) were given her by a person that came from on board a ship, the mace and cloves were with them in a box.
Q. What did she say as to the rest of the things?
Farr. She could not tell what to say as to the sugar and tea, because I knew them to be mine; I used to breakfast in the compting-house, and after I sent the sugar up I could have none come down again; I put down but two pounds of tea, but there was a great deal more; she said she brought the tea with her.
Q. Did she own that she had taken any thing from you?
Farr. No: she said one of my men gave her the sugar.
Q. Can you say any of the things mentioned are your's?
Farr. I believe them all to be mine.
Q. Have you any reason for so believing?
Farr. I have sugar of the very same to match that, and am positive it is mine, or at least have all the reason possible to believe it; after she was committed to the Compter, it happened to be mentioned in Newgate-street that I had a servant that had committed a theft, and sent to prison; a man by accident said is it the chamber-maid or the cook; he was told, it was the cook; said he, I am sorry for it, for I have a box of her's in my house in the Old Change; I went there with a constable, and the constable opened the box that the people said was the prisoner's; in that box I found a key that undoes my lock, to a place in my dinning-room, where I lock up my tea and other things, and there I found the tea.


                  George 
                  Venables 
               



            . I am the constable; I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; I searched four of her boxes and found all these things mentioned, and this penknife (producing one) that was in her pocket; the sugar was in tin cannisters, there were some papers of tobacco with Mr Farr's name on some of them.


                  George 
                  Farr 
               



            , the younger. This penknife ( taking it in his hand ) is mine.
Prisoner's defence. That penknife I found one morning when I was making the kitchen fire; I ask'd the apprentice if he knew whose it was; he said he did not; I kept it in my pocket several days; for a particular occasion I was forced to buy both sugar and spices; the gentleman that I bought them of lived at Cripplegate, when I was big with child this time twelve months.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


