





165. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Morris 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four pounds weight of brass, value 2 s. and 6 d.
             the property of persons unknown, March 12
. * 
Robert Bonnell. I was constable of the night; the prisoner was brought into the watch-house to me in Coleman-street, and search'd; these things were found upon him (producing some brass cocks, all broke off from the socket that is solder'd into the leaden pipe). There is four pounds weight of them; there was also found upon him a key-hole saw, and an iron cold chissel. Produc'd in Court.


                  John 
                  Man 
               



            . I am a Watchman: I was on duty on the 11th of March at night, about twelve o'clock; I saw the prisoner at the bar lurking about; I suspected his designs were not good; my partner was with me; we agreed to go one one way, and the other another way; we did, and where we saw him at first we saw him when we came to meet again; I went towards the prisoner, and gave my partner the signal and he came up; I desired the prisoner to stop and give an account where he was going at that time of the morning; he said, he was going to Blackwall; we took him to the watch-house; there, in searching of him, this chissel dropped from him, and we found six brass cocks, all broke alike, upon him; and in going about to see if any of the water cocks were taken away, in our beat we found one broken off just as the rest lying in White's-alley; we found there were cocks broke off from the pipes; there we sitted these to the places, and they seemed to fit very well. We took him before the sitting alderman. He ask'd him, what he did with those cocks, and where he design'd to sell them? the prisoner said, he did not know where to sell them. He said, it was the first time he did it, and if he would forgive him he would never do so again.


                  Thomas 
                  Lovegrove 
               



            . I am a watchman belonging to Coleman-street; our stand is at the corner of Bell-alley. I was going to my stand, and my partner was going down the alley. He came up White's-Alley, and told me, he had seen a man lurking about, he believed he was at no good.
Q. Did you see any thing found upon the prisoner?
Lovegrove. No, I did not; because I went to my stand for cover, it rain'd; and did not see him search'd.


                  Caleb 
                  Colechester 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar was brought down to the watch-house that night. I search'd him, and took all these cocks, but one, out of his pocket. Some were wet, and some dry.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was out of business the week before. The latter part of the week I had been at Islington. I met a man that said, I might have work at Blackwall. I went along with him. He said I must be there by four in the morning. We had been drinking too much, occasion'd me to case myself, and cast up what I should not. There these watchmen found me. The man that came with me had given me these things, and was gone, and said he would be with me presently, but I never saw him after.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


