





13. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Piper 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing eight yards of silk, value 20 shillings, 7 yards of silk, value 16 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Beard 
                  




                
            , November 20
. *.


                  Samuel 
                  Beard 
               



            . These two parcels [produced in court] are two gowns taken to pieces, which were sent to me to be dyed. The prisoner was my servant
, I had some reason to suspect the prisoner when I missed them. I went to a neighbouring pawnbroker 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



            , and asked his servant if he had any goods brought in the name of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Piper 
               



            , there I found them.


                  Thomas 
                  Slayter 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Brown, the prisoner brought two gowns taken to pieces to our house, one I believe the 20th of November, the other I cannot recolect the day, I delivered them to the prosecutor, I cannot be positive they are the two parcels, they have been watered since.
Prosecutor. These are the same parcels which Mr. Slayter delivered to me, they were rough when I received them, but have been watered since.
For the Prisoner.


                  Jonathan 
                  Gladen 
               



            . I live just by Mr. Beard's, I have known the prisoner five or six years; he has lodged at my house between three and four years; he always had a key to go backwards and forwards. I never found any thing dishonest of him.


                  John 
                  Cook 
               



            . I have known him six or seven years; I always took him to be an honest man.
Prosecutor. I only produce these, but before my Lord-Mayor I swore to more which he pawned.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


