





345. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Godson 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that he, on the 14th of July
, between the hours of 11 and 12, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           George
                            Venables Vernon
                        



                     
                  , Esq
; did break and enter, and stealing out thence, two blankets, value 2 s. the goods of the said George, two pair of stays, one dimitty gown, two silk gowns, one silk handkerchief, one cambric ruffle
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Clayton 
                  



                
            , Esq
; *
Richard Belinger, Esq; I live in St. James's-place


, the door of my garden joins to Mr. Vernon's court-yard, there is a passage between his yard and mine, that leads into St. James's-park. On the 14th of July, as I was coming home, at my own door, betwixt 11 and 12 at night, I saw a man on my garden wall. I said, I will be with you, and immediately rung my door bell, and open'd the passage, in order to get at him; he jump'd from the wall into the passage. I called out thief, and watch, no watch came; my own servants came, and a servant belonging to a gentleman, that lives next door. The gate at the farthest end of the passage, that opens out upon Constitution-hill, was lock'd; upon seeing that, I knew the man must be somewhat near; we found some glass broken, and found the bundle of the goods mention'd, hanging on the inside of the wall, on a tenter-hook, the wall being full of them; they were wrapped, up in a blanket; the woman let us in to search the house, where we suspected he was got in from the area; we search'd about, and at last found the prisoner, and seiz'd him in the privy, behind the door. By this time, there was a great crowd of people in the street; we took him to the round-house; at coming back, we thought proper to search the houses near, where he was, to see if he had any accomplices, and we found at Mr. Vernon's, by telling them what things I had found , they were taken from them; and upon going into the room, we found the things tumbled about, and a trunk open, in which we were told, had been some of the things.


                  Aaron 
                  Powel 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Belinger, my master coming home betwixt 11 and 12 at night, he rung at the door bell, and called our watch, we went out, and were told, there was a man somewhere near; we search'd about, and took the prisoner out of Mrs. Dyer's privy, the second door from Mr. Belingers house; we found in the privy, a handkerchief, ruffles, and a knife; he was taken to the round-house.


                  Robert 
                  Midleditch 
               



            . The same day Mr. Belinger rung and called for assistance, I ran, he told me there was a thief on his wall; and after searching about, we found the prisoner concealed in Mrs. Dyer's house-of office.


                  Matthew 
                  Faulk 
               



            . I had been out, and coming home, I heard Mr. Belinger call out watch; I went to his assistance; in searching about, these things produced here were found; and also we found the prisoner in the necessary-house, at Mrs. Dyer's.


                  George 
                  Graham 
               



            . I heard an out-cry; my fellow-servant came and told me there were rogues in the street. I ran out, and saw Mr. Belinger; he said they are house breakers. I saw the prisoner come out of the area of Mrs. Dyer, and some of the things found there.


                  Frances 
                  Clayton 
               



            . The prisoner was taken before ever I knew any thing of it. The two pair of stays, ruffles, handkerchief, two silk gowns, and one dimitty gown belonging to me; they were in the out-house where all squire Vernon's servants lie: I am servant to him.
Q. Are you a married woman?
Clayton. I am wife to 
               
                  Roger 
                  Clayton 
               



            .
Prisoner's defence.
I am a watch-case-maker; having nothing to do. I went to Kensington to see two or three friends. I staid there and drank part of two or three pots of beer; when I came to this passage, I waited at the gate in order to be let through it, a gentleman opened the gate in order to let me through, when I came to the middle of the passage I met two men; they told me the farther gate was open, but when I came there, I found it shut; then I went to get over the gate, as I had often done when a child. I was born there; Mr. Belinger said he would meet me, I went to run back, and fell down an area being a little in liquor, and staid there till Mr. Belinger and some other people came and took me out.
Acquitted of the burglary, Guilty of stealing 39 s.
346. (L.) Williain Haywood was indicted for stealing 45 lb. weight of copper, value 39 s. the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Steel 
               



             and 
               
                  George 
                  Stevens 
               



            , July 30. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Frith 
               



             . I live with 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Steel 
               



             and 
               
                  George 
                  Stevens 
               



            ; the prisoner had formerly been in my master's service, but had left it, and work'd for my master at his own house. We missed the copper on the 30th of last July. The constable came and said he had found such pieces of copper upon the prisoner; and upon examining about the shop, we missed it.
Q. Where is your shop?
Frith . It is on the Bank-side in the parish o f St. Saviour's, Surry . (The copper produced in court) Part of it I can swear to be my master's property. The prisoner was taken before Mr. alderman Chitty, and there he confessed he had taken it, and for an excuse said, he was drunk when he took it.


                  Anthony 
                  Little 
               



            . Between twelve and one o'clock in the morning I met the prisoner with this copper in Fenchurch-street near Aldgate. I ask'd him where he was going, and what he had got? He said he had got some wood, I laid my hand upon it, and said, it does not feel like wood; he said, to tell you the truth, it is copper. I asked him where he brought it from? He said he could not tell, or would not tell. I asked him where he was going to carry it? He said to White-chapel. I took him to the watch-house. Then he said he took it out of his master's warehouse, but he did not mention his master's name .
Q. to Frith. Did he own to you whose property the copper was?
Frith . He said it was the property of Mr. Stevens, and begg'd for mercy.
Q. from prisoner. Please to ask him whether I did not say I bought the copper on the other side the water?
Little. No he did not say so.


                  Robert 
                  Martin 
               



            . I was constable of the night, the prisoner was brought to me; I examined him how he came by the copper. He gave but a very slight account, so I sent him to the Compter.


                  George 
                  Wardley 
               



            . I was in the watch-house, and took the prisoner to the Compter; he would not give us an account how he came by the copper, I went about after that to the copper-smiths to inquire who had lost such pieces.
Frith. I can't say I had made such strict examination as I have done since. That I am certain is my master's. I have measured one of the pieces to see if I could cut a 17 inch bottom out of it. I have had it in my hand scores of times. We miss'd such as the other pieces, but they not being so remarkable, I will not swear to them, I never suspected him of any such thing before.
Prisoner's defence.
I bought the copper of a man that lives on the other side the water, he leaving off business, being going to sea.
To his character.


                  William 
                  Jewster 
               



            . I have known the prisoner intimately four or five years; I never heard any ill of him till this affair.


                  James 
                  Hopkins 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 20 years, he has a very good character; I would lay my life down for it. I never heard he was guilty of doing any thing amiss: they would not swear to the copper before the sitting alderman.
John - I have known the prisoner some years, he has as honest a character as ever I heard in my life.


                  Charles 
                  Ryder 
               



            . I have known the prisoner above 20 years, he is as honest a man as ever I knew in my life.


                  Seymour 
                  Tapley 
               



            . I have known him 15 or 18 years, he always bore a very good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


