





452. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Leddiard 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               that she, on the 3d of August
, about the hour of ten in the forenoon, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Prestage 
                        




                      
                  , did break and enter, no body being therein, one linen bag, value 1 d. one linen apron, one pair of linen sleeves, two linen caps, one linen handkerchief, one linen hood, two 36 s. pieces, one moidore, 35 l. 1 s. in money numbered, the goods and money of the said William, in his dwelling-house, did steal, take and carry away
            . +


                  William 
                  Prestage 
               



            . I live at Isleworth


, and am a Gardener
; my house was broke open six weeks ago last Saturday.
Q. What part was broke?
Prestage. There was a pane of glass (which had a crack in it and a bit of paper stuck upon it ) was taken out of the casement to a lower window.
Q. What time did you find it to be broke?
Prestage. My house is out of town, by the main road. I went out and locked the door, and left no body in it, and did not return till between seven and eight in the afternoon, but my wife came home between twelve and one. When I returned she told me she had lost the money.
Q. How much did you lose?
Prestage. The sum was upwards of 40 l. but we can't tell justly how much. It was taken out from the bottom of all our wearing apparel.
Q. Was the chest locked?
Prestage. It was, and the key put into the drawer in a chest of drawers that stood by.
Q. Were the drawers locked?
Prestage. No, they were not.
Q. What other things did you lose?
Prestage. I take no account of them; my wife can inform the court about them.
Q. When did you see the money last?
Prestage. I saw the bag with money in it the Sunday before.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Prestage. She worked for me two or three days before this. She worked for me five days in all. When I missed the things, I searched for her but could not find her.
Q. Did you suspect her?
Prestage. We searched for any body that we could find. William young came to my door on the Monday morning, about four o'clock, and called me up, and told me he could tell me where she was that robbed me. He directed me to Brentford. I went and called at every house, publick and private, till I came about half way up it. I met a man there, who said he saw the prisoner that morning at Brentford Butts about 3 o'clock. Then I got intelligence she was in a publick house with three men. At last I found her in the Red-lion tap-house at Brentford. I ordered a man to go and fetch a constable; after which I took her to Justice Burkhead, there she was search'd, and 33 l. 18 s. 2 d. 1/2 was found upon her, and some linen. (He produced the linen bag.) This bag the money was in, in the chest; the money was found upon her in this bag. I am positive to it; it was given me about four years ago. Here is a mark upon it by which I can know it.
Q. Did you see any linen found upon her?

Prestage. There was.
Q. Was your wife by when she was searched ?
Prestage. She was.
Q. Did the prisoner make any confession.
Prestage. She made none.
Cross Examination.
Q. Whether or not at the time the prisoner was taken up she said any thing about one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Pierce 
               



            .
Prestage. She said she had the things delivered to her by some body, but never named the name.
Q. Did you not take two other persons up upon suspicion before you took up her?
Prestage. No, we took up but one.
Q. How did the prisoner behave when she was your servant?
Prestage. She behaved but very indifferent.


                  Mary 
                  Prestage 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. I went out a little before my husband the day we were robbed.
Q. How was the window when you went away?
M. Prestage. A pane had been formerly crack'd, and we put a piece of paper over it to keep the wind out. The casement was fast.
Q. What time did you come back?
M. Prestage. I came back by 12 o'clock. I found the key as usual where my husband and I used to lay it. The door was locked. I unlocked it, went in, and found the pane with the paper on it was taken out, but the window was hasped again as usual. The broken pane was just by the hasp. I began to look about to see what was lost. I looked into my drawers where my keys of my chest were, I missed a hood, a handkerchief, caps, and I can't tell how many things. I left them all upon the keys in the drawer. I took the keys to look into the chest, and my money was gone. There was upwards of 40 l.
Q. When did you see the money last?
M. Prestage. I had the bag and money and all in my hand that morning, and put it at the bottom of the chest under our cloaths.
Q. Was you at the justice's when the prisoner was there?
M. Prestage. I was; it was on the Sabhath-day. She had an apron then before her which was mine, taken out of my drawer that morning. I had laid it on my keys. Produced in court and deposed to.
Q. Look at this bag?
M. Prestage. As soon as I saw it I said I would swear that was our bag which the money was in.
Q. Did you see the money that was found upon the prisoner?
M. Prestage. I did, but could not say any thing to that; but here is a witness in court that took a piece of money which I can swear to.


                  Thomas 
                  Glasby 
               



            , produced a 36 s. piece.
M. Prestage. I know this piece of money was in the bag with the rest. I refused taking it at first for having a nick in the head of it. I had it paid me at market in London. Mr. Glosby shewed it me on the Monday.
Cross Examination.
Q. What time did you go out on that Saturday morning?
M. Prestage. I went out about nine o'clock.
Q. Was the casement shut when you went out?
M. Prestage. I am sure it was, for I fastened up the hasp.
Q. Did you leave any body behind you besides your husband ?
M. Prestage. No, I left him alone in the house.


                  Thomas 
                  Glasby 
               



            , I keep a draper's shop, and live opposite the market in Brentford. I was sent for to receive 17 l. odd money of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Goring 
               



            . I went and received it, and I verily believe I took this piece of her. The prosecutrix came and asked to let her see the gold I had taken of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Goring 
               



            . I shew'd her 3 pieces, a 36 s. piece, and two Guineas. I had not received the money above an hour, and had laid that money on the top of other money. I saw nothing extraordinary then to swear to in that piece of money, till she shewed me the nick upon it; then I took and mixed it amongst several pieces of mine, and she picked it out from them. I dare say she would pick it out from amongst a hundred.
Q. When did you receive this money of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Goring 
               



             ?
Glasby. I received it about the beginning of the week, five weeks ago.


                  Ann 
                  Goring 
               



            . I live in Brentford, and sell wearing apparel. On the Saturday evening that the robbery was committed, I took a 36 s. piece of the prisoner at the bar, but I don't know it from another.


                  John 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I was at justice Burkhead's, on the Sunday morning about 9 o'clock, when the prisoner was there. She told the justice she knew nothing of the robbery. The justice ordered me to search her. She said she had but 2 s. in the world. I found 22 s. 6 d. and 2 d. 1/2 in her pocket loose; then in searching her by untying her petticoats at the bottom of her stays I found this bag, here produced, with gold in it; it amounted in the whole, silver and gold together, to 33 l. 18 s. 2 d 1/2.


                  John 
                  Sneely 
               



            . I am constable of New Brentford, I was sent for to the Red Lion to take the prisoner in custody. I went and took her before the justice, there she said she knew not what they had brought her there fore : the justice ordered her to be searched, upon which the last witness and I searched her, and we found 22 s. 6 d. and 2 d. 1/2 loose in her pocket, and the gold in the bag by her side.


                  William 
                  Passingham 
               



            . I heard the prisoner say a woman that was travelling upon the road gave her the money to keep till Sunday afternoon, when she was to meet her; this was after the money was found. She before that said she had but two shillings.


                  Mary 
                  Kilgrove 
               



            . I live near Brentford bridge, on the Saturday, the day the robbery was committed, between 5 and 6 in the evening, the prisoner came and bought a pair of stays of me, I changed her a guinea, and she paid me, then she wanted a handkerchief, and desired to leave a bundle with me, she said she should be back again in about half an hour; she did not call, but hearing she was carried before a justice, I had her bundle searched, and there was found in it a pair of shift sleeves. Produced in court.
M. Prestage. These sleeves are my property, they were lying with the rest of the things, on the keys.


                  Thomas 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I changed the prisoner a guinea on the Saturday night, she spent it all, excepting 5 or 6 shillings.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not do it, the woman that left the money with me did it.
To her character.


                  Richard 
                  Lidiard 
               



            . I live at Spinhamland in Berkshire, and am her father; she left me about five weeks before she went to the prosecutor's to work. She went to seek for work, to gather pease and strawberries. She was well brought up, and behaved well.


                  Alexander 
                  Halder 
               



            . I live in Long-lane, I have been backwards and forwards at her father's house; I never heard any other of her but that she was very industrious.
Q. to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Prestage 
               



            . Did the prisoner lodge in your house ?
M. Prestage. She did two nights, and lay out all the third, so we put her away.



               Guilty
             of single felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


