





107. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rhodes 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one brass pepper box value 2 d. one iron key, value 1 d. one quart of Florence wine, value 2 s. one blanket, and one feather bed
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Briscoe 
                  




                
            , widow
, February 12
. ++


                  Edward 
                  Godfry 
               



            . We took the prisoner in Mrs. Briscoe's house, at Norwood


, who had a bed and blanket tied up by him; also a quilt, a brass pepper-box, an iron key, and a quart of wine, which things were in a basket up stairs. He own'd a partner that was with him had pack'd them up, but would not tell us who he was.
Q. Where did he own this?
Godfry. In the house; he had lived footman
 with her about four years. He was carried before a justice there, where he own'd that he pack'd up the bed and blanket, but no farther.
- Middleton. I took the prisoner in the house.
Q. Who do you live with?
Middleton. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Priest 
               



            . He kept the key of the house, into which he sent me, to see who was there. My master lives near the house, and Mrs. Briscoe was then at her house in Theobald's Row. The prisoner said he was let into the house.


                  Henry 
                  Priest 
               



            . I had the key of the house, into which I went, and saw the prisoner, and the things by him.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was going to Oxford, to a man that owed me two guineas, I met with a man on Hanmore-Heath, about ten o'clock at night (I thought to have lain at a house near there, but the people were gone to bed ) who told me if I would go with him to Norwood Green, he had some friends lived there, where we might lie. We went there, but there was nobody. He gave me some brandy to drink, and I was a little in liquor. I went into Mr. Priest's barn to lie, but he said he would get me a better lodging than that; so he went into Mrs. Briscoe's house, and I along with him. I had been there all day, and had gone out, but the people were walking about. Then he said, if I did not take something away he would kill me; so I continued there three days. He went out, as he said, being hungry, to get some victuals, and at that time they came and took me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


