





372. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     White 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing ten pair of worsted stockings, value nineteen shillings, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Wilson 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in the shop of the said Catherine
            , May 8
.


                  John 
                  Roberts 
               



            . Mrs. Wilson lives in King-street Covent-garden


, she keeps a hosier's shop
, I am her shopman, on the 8th of May about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was drinking tea in a room behind the shop, a little boy in the shop called out Mr. Roberts, as soon as I came to the shop door, the people told me we were robbed, and the man ran down towards Covent garden; I followed, but did not see him, I know we lost ten pair of worsted stockings and more, taken from out of the window: the next morning the prisoner sent for me to come to him to the round house, and wanted to have made it up, by giving us the value of the stockings rather then be committed, but he would not own any thing.


                  John 
                  Balendine 
               



            . I was in the house facing the hosier's shop looking out at the window, I saw the prisoner at the bar put his hand over the grate, and take out a bundle of stockings and put them under his left arm.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Balendine. About five o'clock the 8th of May, then he came over towards me, I called to the boy in the shop who run after him.
Q. Are you certain it was the prisoner?
Balendine. I am, he had on the same coat he has now I believe.
Q. From the prisoner. How do you know they were stockings?
Balendine. The street is not very broad, and there are always stockings in the window for show.
Q. to Roberts. Were they wrapp'd up in any thing?
Roberts. No, they were not, my lord, and they were of different colours, light, and dark greys.


                  Susannah 
                  Heath 
               



            . I live at captain Collet's facing this hosier's shop, the 8th of May I saw the prisoner at the bar an hour and a half at an Apothecary's shop door which joins the hosier's shop. I wondered what made him stand there so long. I went out about business, the prisoner looked every way, he looked full in my face as I went out, and as I came back, my old lady said to me, do you know that man; no, said I, but I shall know him again, for I thought he would have stared his eyes out. I saw the prisoner go by the hosier's shop and look in, the little boy was there; the prisoner went back again and set his foot upon the Apothecary's scraper at the door, put his hand over the grating and took a parcel of stockings of light greys and other colours, a pretty big bundle with a pair of stockings tied round them, he put them under his arm: I said that man has robbed the stocking shop; he ran away.


                  John 
                  West 
               



            . I was going about my business and saw the prisoner standing at the Apothecary's door three different times in that afternoon, betwixt 4 and 5 o'clock, I took particular notice of him, I have seen him about where I live, which is King-street ; about a month ago I was at the taking him at the sign of General 
               
                  Ligonier
               


             on horseback.


                  William 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I am fifteen years of age, as I was standing in my aunt's shop that day between four and five o'clock, I saw the prisoner leering about there an hour and a half, I had been out, and when I came in Mrs. Heath called out. I ran out and saw him with the stockings under his arm, I cry'd stop thief, no body stopp'd him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was at the Globe in Bridges-street at the same time, and never left the house till after 7 o'clock, and I have evidences to prove it, but one of them is at Kingston, the other is not here.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


