






210. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Savage 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one gold ring with a chrystal heart set with eleven rose diamonds, one gold ring with a green amethist, four gold rings, one garnet hoop ring, two silver snuff boxes, one oak snuff box, one Pinchbeck snuff-box, four pair of silver sleeve buttons, three silver stay buckles, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Stable 
                        



                      
                  ; one gold case to a watch, two mourning rings, one silver heart for a shirt, one silver snuff box, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Powell 
                        



                      
                  , gent. in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Stable 
                     



, March 28
. ||


                  Richard 
                  Stable 
               



            . I live in St. James's-street


. I keep a china shop

; the prisoner had been a servant
 of mine about six months, and she was discharged from me the Wednesday before the fact was committed; on Saturday the 28th of March, between six and seven, my maid came into my room and told me the street door was open. I got up and found a cabinet in the parlour broke open, and the things mentioned in the indictment missing. I went to see which way they got into the house, and found by scratches on the inside of the wall, a person had got over that, and down a funnel where I put my coals into the cellar, and from thence into the house. I immediately sent my sister to the prisoner's lodgings to enquire whether she was at home; she returned and said she had been informed there she came in at about four in the morning. I got a warrant, and had her before Justice Lediard; she could not give an account where she had been, but at first denied knowing of the things; she was committed for farther examination. On the Sunday my sister went to her lodging to see if she had hid any of the things; she is here and will give an account of it. The prisoner was re-examined and was shewed the things mentioned, except the gold case of the watch and a handkerchief. (The goods produced in court and deposed to.) Then the prisoner confessed taking them, and that the gold case was in a closet in the room where she lodged: the constable, I, and others, went there and found it as she had said; she gave me the key of her box, in which she said was a gause handkerchief, which I found accordingly; she said she was alone in it, that she got a chairman's horse on which they carry their goods, from whence she got over the wall, and down the funnel into the house, and took the things.


                  John 
                  Powell 
               



            . I lodge with Mr. Stable. The gold case, two mourning rings, and the silver heart are mine; they were taken out of Mr. Stable's cabinet; I heard the prisoner confess, as the other witness had deposed.


                  Sarah 
                  Stables 
               



            , the prosecutor's sister, confirmed that of his evidence, with this addition, that the prisoner's lodging was at the house of Mrs. Calvert, a washerwoman, that the washerwoman and she found the things, except that watch-case and handkerchief, in the tick of the prisoner's bed, sewed in with the stocks and feathers.


                  James 
                  Bumstead 
               



            , the constable, confirmed that of her confession.
The prisoner had nothing to say.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


