





447. (L) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Ellison 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing on silver watch, value 30 s
            . the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Sparrow 
                  




                
            , Oct. 5
. ||


                  Joseph 
                  Sparrow 
               



            . I live with Mr. Brecknock, a linen-draper without Aldgate


. The prisoner came into my master's shop, I think, on Friday the 1st of October, pretending to be a customer; I was then serving one. After I had done, she came to me to cheapen a handkerchief, and as she was standing by the counter upon looking round I missed my watch, to which I had been putting a new string before the other customer came in, and had laid it down in the window while I served her. The prisoner and I could not agree for the handkerchief, and when she was going out of the shop I charged her with having taken my watch, which she denied, and said she would be search'd by any gentlewoman in the house. I directly call'd down our maid, who search'd her, and found it; I saw it taken from under the prisoner's arm.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Briggs 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Brecknock, and was call'd down to search the prisoner at the bar in the back shop, while she was undressing herself I saw her put something under her arm, so I put my hand there and felt the watch, but she would not let me take it out; then I called to Mr. Sparrow, and he saw me take it from her.


                  John 
                  Besden 
               



            . I am a constable, was charged with the prisoner, and had this watch deliver'd to me, ( producing one.)
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at that watch; do you know it?
Prosecutor. It is the watch I missed, my property.
Besden. As we were coming along in the coach she said, Mr. Constable, I know it lies in your power to serve me in this affair, for I am guilty of the fact, but will oblige you in any thing I can, if you will stand my friend.
Prisoner's defence.
I went into the gentleman's shop to buy a handkerchief; there was another woman along with me, who went away, and did not come back again . The gentleman said I had got his watch, but he did not find it upon me; and before we went before the justice he said he would forgive me.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you declare as she has mention'd?
Prosecutor. No, I did not; I said she should have justice done her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


