





545. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Potter 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 2 l. 14 s. 6 d. in money
            , the monies of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wheller 
               




             . ++ .


                  Thomas 
                  Wheller 
               



            . I live with Mr. Cole, at the Mitre Tavern in Fleet-street


, where the prisoner is apprentice, who is a cook
. I had 2 d. 18 s. in silver in a box, fastened down in another box in the garret where I lie; but the prisoner does not lie there; I missed all but five shillings and sixpence about the seventh of September. I had often found the lock hampered, but always found it locked. I then marked all the money left with two crosses on the head, and fastened the box as before. About four days after I asked my master to go out, which I did, and returned about eleven in the evening, when I was told he had been up there. I went and looked, and there was but three shillings and sixpence left; and being told he was drinking at the Maidenhead, I went in, sat down, and drank with him. I wanted to see his money out of his pocket, but he would not shew it. The servant maid there having changed him a shilling, I desired to look over the money in the till, and found one of the shillings I had marked, and left in my box, [Produced in court, and deposed to. ] The next morning I let my master know it, then took the prisoner up, and he owned it, saying, he took two shillings out of 
               
                  Tom 
                  Wheller 
               



            's box, and that he had taken money out at several times, and shewed us the fork with which he used to unlock and lock the box.


                  Sarah 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . I am servant at the Maidenhead, and changed a shilling for the prisoner that night, but cannot take upon me to swear to the identity of it.


                  Thomas 
                  Martindale 
               



             deposed to that of the prisoner's confession.
The prisoner had nothing to say, but called his master, Mr. Cole, to his character, whom he had served about five years and a half, and who deposed he had behaved well, but latterly he had got a trick of idling his time away, &c.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


