





573. 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Bateman 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one leather collar with straps, one pair of leather traces, one leather backband and tuggs, two leather cruppers, one great coat, one brass watercock, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Chapman 
                        




                     
                   in the stable of the said James
            , Aug. 22
.


                  James 
                  Chapman 
               



            . I live in Tower-street. My stable is on Tower-Hill


. On the 28th of last month I lost these things mentioned out of my stable.


                  Edward 
                  Jordan 
               



            . I look after the chaise, and the things were all in the stable, on the 27th at night, and every thing made fast.


                  William 
                  Barton 
               



            . I live in Blackmore-street, in Southwark. The prisoner brought the harness into my house about 5 o'clock in the morning of the 28th, and wanted to sell them. I mistrusted they were stolen. I went out at my back door, and call'd one Williams to aid and assist me. The prisoner damn'd his eyes and limbs, and said, he wou'd do for us. I sent for the coachmaker who lives near me to hear his opinion about it. He happen'd to be the man that made them for Mr. Chapman; so he sent him word, and he came and owned them.


                  George 
                  Read 
               



            . I live at the Swan and Crown in Blackmore-street. The prisoner had a little before been at my house with a great coat on his back, and hardly any shoes to his feet ; he ask'd if any body would buy the coat, saying, he was going to Portsmouth, and he could better travel without a coat, than without shoes; that he would buy a pair of shoes with the money. He ask'd 15 s. then he came to 12 s. After questioning him, I agreed with him for 7 s. 6 s. About an hour and a half after, I saw him carried by to go before the justice. Then I took the coat on my arm and followed after. There was the prosecutor, who owned it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a hard working man. I can bring several people to prove, that I work all hours of the day, and all hours of the night.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


