







585, 586, 587. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cronder 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Reynolds 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Russel 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one quart copper pot, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Newton 
                  




                
            , October 5
. + .


                  Samuel 
                  Newton 
               



            . I am a brasier and founder
. I was at a neighbour's house, and one 
               
                  Godfrey 
                  Arnot 
               



             came for me there. I saw Cronder and Reynolds, and my copper pot; he charged them with stealing it; that Cronder took it, and gave it to Reynolds. Reynolds said they two had been at the window, and that a third was standing at a little distance.


                  Godfrey 
                  Arnot 
               



            . My master's next door neighbour came and asked me if we had not lost something out of the window; I looked, and missed this quart pot from off a rail; I ran down the street, and saw the three prisoners running all together ; I took hold of two, but the other got off over Tower-hill. Reynolds had the pot in his hand; he confessed that Cronder took it, and gave it to him.
Q. to the Pros. How old are the boys?
Prosecutor. Reynolds's mother told me he is between eleven and twelve years old. I don't know the ages of the others.
Cronder's Defence.
I am twelve years old next July. We did not take this pot, it was given us by three boys, who told us they found it in the rubbish over against the door. We took it, and went along quietly.
Reynold's Defence.
Three boys gave the pot to us. I don't remember I ever said Cronder gave it me.
Reynolds 

               guilty
            .
Cronder and Russel 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


