





124. (L.) 
               
                  Jane 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Brooker 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing 75 yards of linen cloth, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Lomas 
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            , Feb. 10
.* 
Francis Lomas. I live in Smithfield


. The prisoner was employ'd to wash my linen for me, and had free liberty when she brought it home in our house, as I look'd upon her to be an honest woman.
Q. What is your business?
Lomas. I am an oil-man.
Q. Have you no wife?
Lomas. No, I have not. About the beginning of last December I employ'd the prisoner to make me six-shirts, after which I soon set out into the country, and returned in about six weeks after. Then I went to the prisoner to know if she had made my linen. She said she had made three of them. I desired she would bring them, that I might see how they were made to sit. She seemed to tremble much, and said she could not bring them till the morrow. She not bringing them to her word. I sent my servant for them, but she was not to be found. At last she was brought. I told her I perceived by her behaviour that she had pawned them, and if she had, and would take me to the pawnbroker's, I would fetch them out, and forgive her. She took me to Mr. Brown, a pawnbroker on Snow-Hill, and asked for two shirts that she had pawn'd there, which were produced, and I took them out. Then she took me to a second pawnbroker, and asked for two more. I took them out. Then she took me to a third, and asked for one, which I took out.
Q. What were they pawn'd for?
Lomas. I paid, I think, three shillings for the two first, four shillings for the other two, and three shillings and six pence, or four shillings for the single one. I said, what must I do for the sixth shirt? She said, she would consider what she had done with that. I went again to Mr. Brown, and desired him to examine his books, to see what he had taken in of her, which he did, and found many things; among which were five shirts more of mine that I had missed, but have not charged her with taking them. (He produced the seventy-five yards of linen she was charged with, three pieces of twenty-five yards each. ) She had cut two of them into a variety of pieces, but one was whole, which I can swear to. She acknowledged them all to be mine.


                  Frank 
                  Rotchfort 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Brown, on Snow-Hill. (He produced the cloth.)
Q. to prosecutor. Do you know any of these pieces?
Prosecutor. Here is on this whole piece 
               
                  John 
                  Ratcliff 
               



            , Antrim. It is cloth sent to me by a relation of that name, from Ireland, for me to sell for him; there were a great many more pieces in the same chest where these were taken from. Here is a piece, of about six yards, I can also swear to, it being mark'd with a pen, with the figure 7; and there is also on it the same stamp as is on the whole piece.
Rotchfort. The prisoner brought these pieces of cloth to our shop on the 26th of November last, to pledge, on which I sent her twenty-five shillings.


                  James 
                  Bruin 
               



            . On the 5th of November last the prisoner brought this piece of linen, of six yards, and pawn'd it with me for eight shillings.
Prisoner's Defence.
This linen was given me to pawn by one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Anderson 
               



            , who was a servant in the house; he has turn'd her away since.
Prosecutor. I particularly asked the prisoner, when these things were found, if any body was concerned with her in it. She said no person whatsoever was concerned in it, and that she took them herself. I did turn that servant away, but I had no suspicion of her robbing me.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


