





260. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Rice 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 6 pounds weight of tobacco, value 5 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Nathan 
                     Arnold 
                  




                
            , Feb. 20
. ++


                  Nathan 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I employ'd the prisoner at the bar to spin tobacco into rolls, with 4 or 5 boys to help him. I can prove nothing myself.
Q. Have you missed any tobacco?
Arnold. It is impossible to miss such a small quantity out of 4 or 5 tons, which sometimes we deliver at a time.


                  Christopher 
                  Higham 
               



            . I am 15 years of age next March. I work with the prisoner for Mr. Arnold. I saw the prisoner make up two parcels of tobacco, and put one in a bag, and laid it on my shoulder, and the other he put in another boy's lap.
Q. Where was this?
Higham. This was in the warehouse. He bid us go and wait at the corner of Gray-friers, till he came; and he came in less than two minutes, and took them, and away he went with them.
Q. What quantity was there of it?
Higham. About 6 pounds, as near as I could guess.
Q. Whose tobacco was it?
Higham. I am sure it was Mr. Arnold's tobacco; for there was none of any body's else.


                  Edward 
                  Cheney 
               



            . I heard the prisoner own before Mr. Alderman Scot, that he put a parcel of tobacco in a bag, and put it on this lad's shoulder; and deliver'd another parcel to another boy; and he also begg'd of Mr. Arnold to be merciful to him.
Prisoner's defence.
I have work'd with Mr. Arnold ten years, at times. This is all from an old grudge which he owed me.
To his character.


                  Jacob 
                  Collier 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about a twelvemonth. I never heard but what he was a very honest fellow; he lives next door to me.


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I have known him some time; he is a very honest lad, in his way, and works hard for his bread.



                  George 
                  King 
               



            . I have known him about fourteen months. He is a very honest man.


                  Thomas 
                  Howard 
               



            . I have known him since the first of November, to be a very honest man.


                  George 
                  Dennis 
               



            . I have known him two years; I never heard a bad character of him in my life.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


