





299. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Sweetman 
               



            , was indicted for that 


               he, on the 22d of April
, with a certain pistol, on Mary the wife of 
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Whitmarsh 
                        




, feloniously did make an assault, the money of the said Mary intending to steal, take, and carry away
            .


                     Mary 
                     Whitmarsh 
                  




                
            . Mrs. Arnold and I was walking about 30 or 40 yards from Powis-wells


, about a quarter of an hour after eight at night, April 22. The prisoner cross'd over the way towards us; he came up with a pistol in his hand; he bid us not speak a word, saying if we did he would shoot us; we immediately ran back screaming out; he pursued us. He found by our noise we had alarmed the house, so he ran away. At first, until I saw the pistol, I thought by his turning out of the way upon us, he was going to salute us.
Mrs. Arnold confirmed the same account.


                  Joseph 
                  Bell 
               



            . The prosecutrix is my sister; I keep Powis-wells, and heard my sister and Mrs. Arnold scream out; my sister came running, and said the man had a pistol in his hand; I followed him, and seeing some gentleman coming along, I cried out, Stop him. Then Mr. Story offered to make a blow at him; the prisoner fell down, and Mr. Story took hold of him. We searched him, and found in his right-side pocket, a pistol loaded and cock'd.
Janus Story confirmed the above account.
Prisoner's Defence. I never was in such an affair before; I had a pistol in my hand, and was going to make away with myself, being in extremity and want, having a wife in a starving condition, but thinking about my soul, hindered me from it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


