





292. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Magrau 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s. 6 guineas, and 7 s. in money, number'd,
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pesreasdon 
                  




                
            , Aug. 30
.*
William Pesreasdon. I was going into the country to see my friends this day fortnight. About 3 o'clock in the morning I went into a night-house in St. Giles's


, the woman at the bar was there; she said she had clean lodging; I agreed to give her 18 pence, and went with her, it was in an alley in St. Martin's-lane; we went to bed, and I awaked at almost six, she was gone, and had taken my watch, 6 guineas, and 7 or 8 s. in silver, and my silver buckles out of my shoes. I am certain I had my watch, money, and buckles, at going to bed. I got intelligence of her, and found her in bed at the Peacock in Charing-cross, and the watch, and a guinea and half, and 4 s. and 6 d. were found upon her.


                  Samuel 
                  Pryer 
               



            . I am a Constable; I was sent for by the prosecutor; he said he had been robb'd of 6 guineas, a watch, and some silver; and he was informed, the person that robb'd him was at a house near Charing-cross: we went there, and found the prisoner in bed. I took hold of her pocket, and in it found this silver watch, producing it. The prosecutor said it was his watch.
Prosecutor. This is my watch which I lost at that time.
Pryer. I examin'd farther, and found a guinea and half, and 4 s. 6 d. and about 3 d. in half-pence. There was a woman by, which I looked upon to be a bad woman; she told me she had got some of the prisoner's money, and she gave it me; it was a 6 s. and 9 d. and 3 s. She said, she had been to a Pawn-broker's at the corner of St. Martin's-lane, and had taken out a gown. The prisoner said she had bought a gown; this was between 9 and 10 in the morning.
Prisoner's Defence.
I happened one night to be in a house in St. Giles's; I went with a person a little in liquor; this happened to be a night-house; she would not part with me without drinking; we had a pint of beer; the prosecutor came in and sat down by me, and ask'd me if I would eat a piece of bread and butter; I eat part of it; so did the other woman that I was drinking with; then he said, I am going into the country and I want a wife, and if you have a mind to be my wife I will cloath you; it is not a great way that I am going, and I am going to receive a sum of money, I have money enough; I said, if you have, you know how to make use of it; he said, here is my watch, do you keep that, and deliver it to me there; I look'd at it; soon after the constable of the night came in, he happened to know the prosecutor; he said what brought you here; said he, I have left my master, and am going into the country; another-man, that was there, said to him, as I had his watch in my hand; is this your wife; he said, this is one that I am going to make my wife; I gave him his watch again in the house, and we had two or three pots of beer together; he and I went out; the woman of the house bid us good by; we came near St. Gil es's church; he said, he was much in liquor, and he would lie down 'till morning; I said, I did not chuse any man should come into my room, I had nobody but myself; he would go up into my room; then he said, he would give me two shillings for the use of my bed; I said, I do not want any thing for that, for I am going to Convent-Garden; he took the watch out of his sobb, and said do you take that and lock the door and take the key; which I did; as for money, I had none; he said he had no more then two shillings about him. I went to Convent-Garden, and had not been there long before he broke open the door and came after me; and he and the constable came to me at the house of my acquaintance; there was nobody with me, but a woman I met with in the market; she said, Peggy, come and lie down on my bed; I was in liquor, I thought to lie till I was sober; I lay down, and while she was making the water boil for tea they came and took me, and robb'd me of my gown, my money out of my pocket, and other things; they never ask'd me any thing; then they took me to the Round-house; the constable persuaded the young man to swear against me; the young man said, I have no occasion to do it, for if she gives me my watch I have nothing to do with her; he swears his buckles were silver and they were nothing but metal.
Prosecutor. She left me her metal buckles, which I put on, and she took my silver ones away.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


