





436. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Connor 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 4 l. and 5 s. in Money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dobbins 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , August 17
. ++


                  John 
                  Dobbins 
               



            . I live in Swallow-street, am a chairman
, and ply at St. James's Gate. I was coming home from Highgate from work on the 17th of last month. This woman and another were standing by the corner of the life-guard stables in Oxford-road


, a little before 11 o'clock at night; one of them called me by my christian name. I said, Do you know me? She said, Yes; are not you a chairman? I said, I am in the winter time. She begged me to give her a pint of beer. I went to the Wheatsheaf and gave them a quartern of gin, they chose that. The other said, Give us another quartern, that will serve us all night. I did, and then came out, and at the door the prisoner said, Will you not give me a buss before you go? and held me: I gave her a buss to get shut of her. In the mean time came a man with a knife and held to my belly, and said, If I stirred or resisted, he'd rip me open. This woman had hold of me at the same time. She took out my watch, and 5 s. in money.
Q. Did you feel her take it out?
Dobbins. I did. I had it in my pocket when I was in the house. They all three went away towards the fields. I advertised the watch. At last a man brought the watch on the Monday morning. The constable advised me to take the man that I was to give the reward to before the justice; there I paid the reward. The justice said he'd give me the watch when I found the thief.
Q. Did you know the man that brought you the watch?
Dobbins. Yes, his name is Stevens; he took his oath he found it in Oxford-road. On Monday the 19th in the evening, I went to the house where I had been robbed, and near there I found her. She would not confess taking the watch or money, only said she was in company.
Q. What is the value of the watch?
Dobbins. It cost me 5 l. new; to be sure it is worth 4 l.
Prisoner's Defence.
That man gave me a dram; I thanked him and made him a court'sy, and bid him good night. I never went nigh him, or saw his watch.



               Guilty
             of single Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


