





526. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Badge 
                  




               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 3 yards of muslin, val. 10 s. one muslin handkerchief, one cambric mob, one cambric apron, one muslin apron, 3 yards and half of holland, one linen shift, one linen sheet, one pair of silk stockings, three yards of lawn, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           King 
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling house of the said James
            , Aug. 29
.


                  James 
                  King 
               



            . I live in East Smithfield


, and keep a cheesemonger's shop
. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment out of several rooms in the house. The prisoner's brother serv'd his time with my wife's first husband, and she had been at my house about a fortnight or three weeks. I had an intention to have taken her into my service; The maid was out of the house when these things were missing. The prisoner would have persuaded me, she had taken them. I got a warrant for her, and took her before the justice, and she was cleared. I turn'd her away and search'd her bundle. When she was going away, there were things of mine, and a cap of the prisoner's amongst her things; so she was committed upon that; after that, the prisoner robb'd my till of one shilling and three farthings. I gave her leave to go amongst her friends; I followed her, and found there she bore a very bad character. I found some of my things and took her up. Then she confessed every thing and cleared the other girl; so she was discharged, and is at my house now. I have got the best part of the things again found by her direction; she said she pinned the three yards of strip'd muslin to her shift-tail.
Some of the things were produced in court, and the former testimony confirmed by Dan. Hall, the pawnbroker, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  King 
               



            , 
               
                  Priscilla 
                  Rumsey 
               



            , as to her pawning the goods, and also her confession.
The prisoner said she was fifteen years of age.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


