






116, 117. (L.) 
               
                  Robert 
                  Green 
               



              and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Humphrys 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 10 gallons of rum, value 3 l. 10 s. The goods of 
                     
                        
                           Zachariah 
                           Burio 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        Humphry 
                        Spooner 
                     



                   , in the warehouse of Richard Scott
            . ++


                  Thomas 
                  Dutton 
               



            . On the 16th of Dec. in the morning, two men came from Summer-skey, and told us the warehouse of Mess. Burio and Spooner was broke open; we took the city gauger with us, and had the rum all gaged over, there were none of the puncheons had lost more than two gallons, except two, which we could plainly see had been bored in the head, one of which had lost ten gallons, the other five; one of them just dropt a little.


                  Thomas 
                  Mumford 
               



            . On the 16th of Dec. between three and four in the morning, Green called me, I was attending the tide, waiting on the Gravesend boats, he said if I would go with him he'd put two or three shillings in my pocket ; he unlock'd the gate of Summer's key, went in, and up a ladder, and up into the buildings, (he is watchman to the key) Humphrys had the candle and lanthorn, the cellar was about half way in the gateway. Green pulled some planks up from above, and went down into the cellar, Humphrys followed, and bid me, I did; Green wanted a gimblet, he went up and brought something like an anger, and bored a hole, and filled a two gallon cag, and gave it to Humphrys ; then we went to the three tuns in Darkin's-lane, the landlord's name is Hyne or Hines; we went in, and asked if he'd buy any rum, he said yes, bring it in, he gave us 10 s. for the two gallons; he emptied the cag, then Green said, ask him if he can lend us a cask, saying, he did not care how big the cask was; he brought us out a cask that I believe held five or six gallons, (produced in court) we three went with it back to the cellar, and filled the two gallon cag, and the six gallon cask out of the same two puncheons; then Green said, I'll throw the auger into the bottom of the hole were we got down, and the people will think the carpenters have done it, for the auger belongs to them. Then Green took the two gallons, and Humphrys the cask, and went into White-chapel to the sign of the Green Man and Bell, and called for purl ; I fell asleep there and knew nothing of it, till Green was taken ; I had no money for none of the rum.


                  John 
                  Gaul 
               



            . I live at the Green Man and Bell in White-chapel; on the 16th of December, between six and seven in the morning, the two prisoners, and that evidence, came to my house; Green had a cask under his arm, and so had Humphrys, the cask will hold six gallons, it is here in court ; they had a pot or a pint of purl, I can't tell which, after that I put a pot on with some more; then Green went out and brought in some liver and bacon, and desired I would dress it: I said that is rum in the cask, Green said it was; they asked me to buy it; I tasted it, it was rum; I was sent for to Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gore 
               



            's to give a horse a drink, and bleed him, that was not well; in the mean time, Green was taken upon suspicion of stealing some rice, that gave me a suspicion the other small cag was gone; I desired a brother headborough which was in my house, to see the cask sealed and locked up; they had told me they had been at Jamaica, and it was sea-store that belong'd to them as wages, &c.

Green's defence.
This witness was the chief person that came to me, to persuade me to do this thing; and was the first man that went down into the cellar.
Humphry's defence.
That witness said, come let us go, it is not the first time I have done such a thing.
Q. to Dutton. Where is Hyne, is he subpoena'd, we should have been glad to have seen him?
Dutton. I carried a subpoena to his house; and left it there, his wife told me he was gone out, but she would give it him when he came home.
both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


