





1. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Cooley 
                  , widow
, otherwise 
Margaret, wife of - Cooley




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pint silver mug, value 50 s. one pewter chamber pot, value 2 s. one half pound weight of brass value 4 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Holland 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , Nov. 6
. ++
Eliz. More. I live servant with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Holland 
               



            , in Cratched Friars


; my mistress employ'd the prisoner to wash the kitchen window the 6th of Nov. last; that night we missed a pewter chamber pot, and a day or two after we missed a silver pint mug ( producing one) this is it. We missed, also some brasses. She had used the mug to throw water up against the window. We suspected the prisoner to take them, nobody being in the house at the time. I did not know where to find her; but knowing she had a child in the hospital, she told me where her mother lived; but Mr. Harding, a goldsmith, advertising the mug, I went to him, and there found the mug. We took up the prisoner, and she confess'd where she had sold the chamber pot and brasses in East Smithfield, where we went and found them.


                  Thomas 
                  Harding 
               



            . I live in the Minories, am a goldsmith. On the th of November about seven in the evening, the prisoner came to offer this mug to late. I asked her how she came by it? she said her husband was a soldier, and in the Westminster-Infirmary, and as she was going to see him in the Broadway, Westminster, she found the mug about half full of pease porridge; I said I must advertise it, that the right owner might have it again; she would have taken any thing for it. I advertised it, and Mrs. More came and owned it as her master's property.
Q. What is the value of it?
Harding. It is worth about 3 l. 10 s.
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the court.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


