





322. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Forth 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one Bank note, value 25 l. one silver watch, value 40 s. one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s. one pair of silver knee-buckles, value 4 s. and six shillings in money, number'd, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bond 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Culterhouse 
                     



, Octob. 11
. +


                  John 
                  Bond 
               



            . I was at work on the 11th of October.
Q. What is your business?
Bond. I am a Rope-maker
. I lodge with the prisoner's mother; she sent a little girl to me, and desired me to come home. I went; she told me my box was robb'd, and all my money gone. I told her I had but six shillings, or thereabouts, but there was a Bank note of 25 l. We went up stairs, there I found the paper that the note had been in; my watch was taken from my beds-head; and my shoe and knee-buckles were gone; my knee-buckles were in my breeches, lock'd up in my box. The prisoner had made off, and on Sunday the 14th I found him at Stepney: I charg'd him with taking the things mentioned. He denied it for some time, and at last he owned he had taken and pawned the things for a reckoning, at the house of 
               
                  James 
                  Sedgwick 
               



             at Stepney; but he denied taking the Bank note, and said he never saw it.
Q. Did you ever find the note again?
Bond. No, I never did; I went to Sedgwick's and found the watch and buckles. The prisoner owned to the taking of 6 s. out of my box, and a guinea which I did not know of. I found all again, except the note and money.
Prisoner. What he says is very true; but as for the Bank note I know nothing of it.


                  James 
                  Sedgwick 
               



            . The prisoner left a watch, a pair of shoe and knee-buckles with me for his reckoning, and I have delivered them all to the prosecutor.


                  Thomas 
                  Davidson 
               



            . All I know is, that the prosecutor had Bank note of 25 l. value.
Mr. Silver. I am Headborough; I had a search-warrant brought to me on the 15th of October, in order to search Mr Sedgwick's house for a watch and Bank note. I went there. He said he had the watch, but knew nothing of the Bank note: the buckles he also delivered to me. Produc'd in Court and depos'd to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's defence.
The things I had; but the Bank note I never saw.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation.]


