






48, 49. (L.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Clark 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth
                      Aubury


               
            , spinster
, were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one pair of laced linen ruffles, val. 40 s. three pair of laced linen ruffles, one silk vest embroidered with gold, one pair of silk stockings, one gold locket, one gold ring set with diamonds, one gold ring with a Mocha stone in it, and ten small diamonds
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Simon 
                     Fraizer 
                  



                
            , Esq
; Nov. 13

, and the other for 


               receiving them, knowing them to have been stolen
            . +


                  Alexander 
                  Wetherburn 
               



            . I live in Pump Court in the Temple. The prisoner Clark was my servant
, and I parted with him about the 13th of November. Soon after I miss'd some of my linen, which was under his care; about ten days after, a gentleman came and told me he heard I had been robb'd of many things by my servant, but he said, he knew I had lost more than I knew of, and that he came from my servant, and wanted to make up the injury to me as much as he could. I went to the prisoner in a house in Fleet-street, where he told me he had taken a great many things out of a chest; some wearing cloaths, some silk stockings, three or four laced waistcoats, ten or eleven pair of ruffles, laced and plain, a vest embroidered with gold, one or two gold rings, and other things which I cannot recollect; he told me the woman at the bar received them of him, and carried them to divers pawnbrokers. I went home and look'd at the chest, they were missing. They were left in my custody, and were the property of 
               
                  Simon 
                  Fraizer 
               



            . I carried him to Justice Fielding, who granted a search warrant. The pawnbrokers will give a farther account.


                  Jacob 
                  Lawrence 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. One 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Shaw 
               



            , an acquaintance of Aubury's, brought three pair of ruffles on the first and eighth of October, and a pair of old silk stockings; upon which I lent her a guinea.


                  Thomas 
                  Murford 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker's servant. The woman prisoner brought this waistcoat to our shop to pawn, I believe, in October last. Produced in court. I lent 18 s. upon it.
Wetherburn. This waistcoat was in my custody.


                  Archibald 
                  Fraizer 
               



            . I am brother to 
               
                  Simon 
                  Fraizer 
               



            . That waistcoat is my brother's property.


                  Nicholas 
                  Middleton 
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  William 
                  Singleton 
               



            , a pawnbroker; in October Aubury brought a gold locket, and said the hair in it was my Lord Lovat's hair, my master lent her 5 s. upon it, and also a gold ring.
Q. Did you ask her which way she came by it?
Middleton. No, I did not. Both produced in court.


                  Archibald 
                  Fraizer 
               



            . These goods produced are my brother's property.
Q. from Aubury. Whether or not that gentleman has had money of Clark after I have pawn'd things for him at Mrs. Cooper's in Clare Market, and knowing the things were pawn'd for his use?
Fraizer. No, I never had any.
Clark's Defence.


                  Young 
                  Mr 
               



            . Fraizer first brought me into all bad company.
To his Character.
Mr. Neal. I have known Clark from an infant, and never knew him to do a misbehaved thing till this.


                  Richard 
                  Sturdey 
               



            . I have known him about four years, he has always behaved soberly, honestly, and civilly till this affair.


                  Welch 
                  Fox 
               



            . I have known him between nine and ten years. I have trusted him to receive and pay money for me, and to post my accounts, but never heard an ill thing of him before this.


                  Uriah 
                  Boote 
               



            . I have known him nine or ten years, and never heard an ill thing of him before this.


                  James 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . I have known him eight years, he always behaved well, and was dutiful to his parents, before this.
Mr. Wetherburn. I'll do him justice, before this he had a very good character.
Aubury's Defence.
What I say will have no great weight, therefore I'll say nothing at all. I thought Clark was a very honest young fellow, and if he had brought a hundred pounds worth of things and desired me to have pawn'd them for him, I should. I always gave him the money they were pawn'd for. Once he said Mr. Fraizer had given him some silver lace which he wanted to pawn for him; having seen them in company several times, I thought Mr. Fraizer had ordered him to pawn them.
Clark 

               guilty
            , Aubury 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


