







193, 194, 195. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Mathews 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Riley 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Day 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the two first 


               for stealing 300 pound weight of lead, value 30 s. the same being fixed to a dwelling house
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Fresselieque 
                  



                
            , and the latter for 


               receiveing 120 pound weight, part of the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , April 7

.


                  Ralph 
                  Fresselieque 
               



            . Justice Fielding sent for me and acquainted me that there had been some thieves taken up that had rob'd two houses that were reputed to be mine. I told him they were but nominally mine. I have agreed for them, but they are not convey'd me. He asked who the gentleman was that I had agreed with, I told him he liv'd in Gloucestershire, then he said I ought to prosecute.
Q. How far have you agreed about them?
Fresselieque. I have all the title deeds, but there is a dispute, the wife will not join in it.
Q. Are you in possession?
Fresselieque. I think I may say I am, I have had the houses repaired, and I have paid the workmen's bills; the agreement says I shall have the houses from the 10th of October last, but in case he neglected or refused making a good title before the 10th of October, he was to pay all expences that I should be at, and the agreement to be void.


                  Thomas 
                  Newcome 
               



            . 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Riley 
               



             and I went at two different times to this house, and took a small quantity of lead, and I myself sold it to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Day 
               



             the prisoner.
Q. What had he used to give you for lead?
Newcome. At the rate of 8 s. per hundred weight; the first time I went to him he sent his man with me to Mr. Morris's house.
Q. Did Day know how you came by it?
Newcome. He did, we used to go about to get iron pallisades, he made a wrenching tool on purpose for us to take them off, and used to supply us with a great sledge hammer when we wanted it, or a chissel; and what he could not work up, he used to sell to other smiths.
Q. How do you know that?
Newcome. I have sat there to wait for my money, and seen smiths come to buy.
Q. Was Mathews concerned with you in such practices?
Newcome. He was about three months. He was caught with me in the same fact.
Cross Examination.
Q. How many times have you been an evidence in this place ?
Newcome. Never before.
Q. In what room did you sell it?
Newcome. I used to sell it in a cellar.


                  John 
                  Morris 
               



            . Some time ago a man came to me and ask'd me if I bought lead. I said I did, if honestly come by. He said what he had he came by very honestly, and that he was a smith and liv'd near Drury-lane. I bought some for 14 s. per cwt. He sent it by his man.
Q. Do you know that man again?
Morris. To the best of my knowledge it was the prisoner Day. He said he had more to sell if I would buy it. When the lead came to be melted my man told me there was a good deal of waste in it, and as I can buy clean lead for that price I bid my man not buy any more if he brought it, without he allows for waste. After that my man bought half a hundred weight of him, at 13 s. per hundred. The last time I bought any of him I was at home myself, and told him I did not want any more; but if I did I said I would send to him. I had no suspicion of him then.
Q. Did you ever see Newcome at your house?
Morris. I can't recollect him. There was a man with the smith the first time of his coming; the smith I remember told me it was his man, I think he had a great coat on.
Q. Was the last lead that was brought, brought by that man?
Morris. No, it was another man.


                  Richard 
                  Parry 
               



            . I am a constable belonging to St. James's parish; between the hours of one and two a watchman came and told me there were thieves broke into a house in Angel-court, Windmill-street. I took the lanthorn bearer with me, and found three or four watchmen round the house. I saw a bar was wrenched off a window, so sent a watchman down, and desired another to follow him. The thieves hearing them, made haste down stairs. Newcome came to the fore door and pull'd back the lock, and came out, and I seized him and search'd his pockets, but found nothing but a cord, which I secured him with. Then I ask'd him whether there were any more thieves in the house; he said there was but one man more, and he was some where in the house.

Q. to prosecutor. Where is the house you miss the lead from?
Prosecutor. It is the corner of Angel court, the same that the constable speaks of.
Parry. I went into the house, and could not find him; I went out backwards, and found the vault was shut; I took hold of it and found it fast, so put my staff to it, when Mathews said, Sir, don't break the door, I'll come out to you; so he came out, I pinion'd him with a handkerchief, and took him to that Round-house, and carry'd Newcome to St. Martin's Round-house; going along Newcome told me they had been guilty of several robberies, and at the same time that there was one Riley in Rupert-street, in a cellar, that used to go with him for some months past. I went there and took him. Then Newcome told me that one Day, in the Coal-yard, Drury-lane, a smith, was a receiver of the goods they had stolen, that he had a trap door to his cellar, and that when they came there any time in the night, they could throw their burden against it, and it would open inwards, so that the burden would fall into the cellar, and the door would clasp to again. Then we went and took Day.
Q. Did you examine to see if there was such a trap door?
Parry. I did, and found one as he had described. It was a piece of board nailed to the window with leather to give way, and it would answer the purpose just as he said. (A bar of iron produced in court.) This I found at Newcome's lodgings according to his direction. This Newcome told me Day made for them, to wrench off iron rails or palisades (he also produced a large hammer.) I said to Mathews do you know one Riley. He said yes, he had been acquainted with him five or six years. Riley said the same, of knowing Mathews.
Mathews's Defence.
I never stole a bit of lead in my life. I was fuddled, and did not know where I was got when I was in the vault.
Riley'sDefence.
I never had no concern with the fellow (meaning Newcome.)
Q. to Constable. Was Mathews sober or fuddled when you found him?
Constable. He was sober.
For Mathews,


                  Hannah 
                  Barnet 
               



            . I have known Mathews from a little child, nothing touch'd his character till this.
For Day.


                  William 
                  Carrier 
               



            . I am a master coach maker, and live in the Coal-Yard. Day has work'd for me pretty near four years.
Q. What is his general character?
Carrier. I look upon him to be as honest a man as ever I employed in my life, as good a workman as i'd with to employ, and as industrious as any man in England; there is no body keeps better hours, he has had three or four men frequently at work for him, I never saw him fuddled, he is constantly employ'd, and I have work at his shop now.
Q. How near to him do you live?
Carrier. My window is opposite him; that trap door has been there these eight years to my certain knowledge.
Q. How long has Day lived there?
Carrier. He has lived there about a year and a half, or two years.
Mr. Johnson. I lived at the end of Hatton-Garden, and am a master coach-maker, I have known Day three years, he works for me in the carriage way; I take him to be as industrious a man as ever broke a bit of bread. I have known this trap-door above five years.


                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            . I live at the Two Sugar Loaves, at the end of Thomas's street, Drury lane. I have known Day five years, he was tenant to me three years and upwards. I always look'd upon him to be a very honest sober man, that work'd hard to maintain his family and pay every body their due. I never suspected any such thing of him as is laid to his charge, and I never knew him keep any but goods hours.


                  Charles 
                  Smith 
               



            . I live in the Coal-Yard, I have known Day a year.
Q. What are you?
Smith. I am a house keeper.
Q. What is your business?
Smith. I am a chimney-sweeper.
Q. What is Day's general character?
Smith. He is a very honest hard working man.


                  John 
                  Rabit 
               



            . I have known him upwards of two years.
Q. What are you?

Rabit. I live in the Coal-yard, and am a coach wheel maker.
Q. What is his general character?
Rabit. He is a very honest hard working man.
- Firgiser. I live in the Coal yard, am a hackney coachman; I have known him upwards of three years, he is a very hard working honest man.
Q. to constable. When did Newcome make the discovery to you of this accomplice Day?
Constable. Between the hours of one and two in the morning, when we took him.
Court. Repeat what he said about selling of lead.
Constable. He said he had sold lead at several times to this Day, and Day had sold it again to Morris for 13 s. and 14 s. per hundred; this was all said to me betwixt the hours of one and two.


                  John 
                  Hatrick 
               



            . I heard Newcome say before the justice that Day made this trap door on purpose for; and this cellar window has been ever since I had the house in my hands
Q. to Newcome. Describe the trap door.
Newcome. There is a slap to it fastened with leather, so that when we shruit in our bars or lead it opened and sell to again.
Q. to Constable. Has he described it as you found it?
Constable. It is as he has said.
Newcome. I here was a window there before, and he put his piece of wood on because he would not get up on nights when we came, and he was a that the neighbours should hear us knock at the door; he bid us always go up the stable yard, where there is a dunghill, and put the things there where he was knocked up, till he contrived that door to give way and fall to again.
Q. to Hatrick. As you are the landlord do you know when that board was put there as it is?
Hatrick. No, I do not.
All three 

               guilty
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


