





24. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clayton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 25 pound wt. of sugar, value 6 s.
             the property of persons unknown, Nov. 14
. ++


                  John 
                  Coats 
               



            . On the 14th of last November, I saw the prisoner and Michael Paterson contesting at a warehouse door on Ralph's key


, where I am a ticket porter; I went and stroked my hand down the prisoner's cloaths, and found two large pockets of a very geat bulk. I asked him what he had been doing in the warehouse; he said a cooper had given him some sugar. I sent Paterson up stairs, and he returned and said there was no cooper there; I searched him, and his trowsers had a large pocket on each side full of sugar; I made him pull them off, and the trowsers, sugar and all, weighed 30 pounds. He was carried before my lord mayor the next day, and there he said as before.
Q. Is there sugar in that warehouse where you found him at the door?
Coats. There were then 6 or 700 hogsheads in the building.
Q. Did the prisoner work in that warehouse ?
Coats. I believe he had before this, but he did not at that time.


                  Michael 
                  Paterson 
               



            . I belong to the warehouses. I took the prisoner coming down stairs from the warehouse; I called Mr. Coats, he came; the prisoner told him a cooper had given him the sugar, Then I and two or three others went up stairs with a light, but there was no cooper there.
Q. Is it usual for coopers to give away sugar in these warehouses.

Paterson. No, it is not.
Prisoner's defence.
I was very full of liquor, and as I was on the keys, a man called to me to carry that sugar to the Red house in Thames-street; so I took it to carry. He called 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Dailey 
               



            , 
               
                  Julian 
                  Morison 
               



            , and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Lines 
               



            , who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


