






283, 284. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Robertson 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Anderson 
                  



                
            , spinsters
, were indicted for 


               stealing one linen stock, one silver stock-buckle, nine guineas, two Portugal pieces, value 36 s. each, one uisd or
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Burrell 
                  




                
            , June 24
. ++


                  James 
                  Burrel 
               



             On the twenty-fourth of last month, between twelve and one in the night; I was coming from Spital fields, a little in liquor; I met these two women at the bar, at the corner of Gracechurch-street. Robertson said, countryman, where are you going at this time of the night ? I said directly, what is that to you, she desired me to go along with her. I said no, I will not; she said you will be knocked on the head, some body will do you a mischief if you go on, and I will take care of you. Then she began to talk French to me, and said she had a very good room, and a very good bed; which if you will go with me, you shall have till to-morrow morning; upon that I went with them, they told me they lived but a little way off. They took me through a narrow passage which I did not know; when I came within their house, I found it was an intolerable bad place, but I did not know my way back; there I saw some pipes and tobacco lying, which gave me a suspicion there were men in the house; the women were for some liquor, I bid them call for what liquor they would; one asked for a bowl of punch, the other said, I will have a little beer; so there was ordered one shilling in punch, and a full pot of beer. The landlord's man came with it, I had no silver, and I gave him a guinea to change. When he had it, he said he believed it was too light, I said go to your master, and if he does not like it, I will give him another. His master came and brought me it back; and said, it was too small, then I gave him another, he looked at me, and said, you seem to be affrighted. I said I am not very easy; he said, do not be affrighted, we have got very good people, we will do you no harm; there was a chair, I desired to sit there and sleep; I sat down and fell asleep, and had my money in my pocket then.
Q. Are you sure of it?
Burrell. I am; there were two 36 s. pieces, one Fuisd'or, and the rest in guineas; I do not know how many.
Q. Were there above five guineas?
Burrell. There were above five; about an hour after, I sat down to sleep. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Anderson 
               



            , came to me with another woman; she took and haul'd me by the collar, they both pulled me. I said do not be in a hurry, I do not want to be haul'd about so, I will go out, I want to do a chare for my self. I went out without my hat, and they lock'd the door, I could see no more of them; I felt in my pocket, and found my money was gone, also my knee-buckles, stock and stock-buckle, and my handkerchief.
Q. Do you know when they were taken away?
Burrell. No, I do not, I was asleep when they were taken; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Robertson 
               



             strip'd and went into the bed, and wanted me to come and lie with her, but I would not; I said I would not lie with any of you, your bed is not so good as you told me; this was before I went to sleep. When I was out at the door, I heard a watchman. I called watchman; he came to me, and asked what was the matter? I said I am robbed, do you go and get some help, and we will break the door open; he went and called his brother watchman, they both came, they brought a candle with them, and we looked through the cracks of the door. We could see nobody within, I said my hat is within-side; I clap'd my foot to the door, and burst it open; there I found my hat hanging on a nail against the wall, the constable looked about, and asked me if I had been in bed, I said I had been no farther than this chair. In turning the bed about, he found a red handkerchief, which I at first thought was mine, but found at last it was not; the constable said, he knew a house of rendezious, when they do these things, they go there to be merry; we went to go there, and the constable took the two women in the street, about a quarter of a mile from the house.
Q. Are you sure you knew them again?
Burrell. I am sure I did, we put them in the watch-house, then I told them, that for all they said they would use me so well for being their countryman, yet they had picked my pocket, and robbed me of my buckles, stock, and other things. Robertson swore at me, and called me scoundrel, and said I used her ill.
Q. Were they not searched in the watch-house ?
Burrell. No, they were not, we took them to the constable's house, the Rose-and-crown, in White-chapel; they were searched there I heard, but I was not by then, I was by the second time of searching, when there were some guineas, and one 3 s. piece found upon Anderson.
Q. Is the house in which you was robbed, in London, or Middlesex ?
Burnell. I do not know which.
Q. Where was the money found ?
Burrell. That was found in London.
Mr. Terry. I am the constable; about four o'clock that morning, the prosecutor charged me with the two prisoners for robbing him of about 17 l. I took them to my house, he offered them a guinea each, and said he would turn them about their business, if they would let him have his money; they denied knowing any thing of it. In a few minutes after they were there, in came another woman for a dram; the prisoner Anderson beckoned to her, they whisper'd together; the women went out, and returned again, and they whisper'd again; the prosecutor said, if the money was about them, it will be handed away, let's search them; so I took the strange woman up-stairs, and searched her, but found nothing upon her; I told her she would get herself into trouble, if she knew any thing, and did not own it. Then she said, d - n my eyes I'll tell the truth; and said, when she went first to whisper to her, she sent her to fetch half the money, from a house in Stoney-lane, where she directed her. After that, she came down and said the same before the prisoners; the prosecutor said, if she would go and fetch the money, he'd give her a guinea; then he gave the watchman and she a guinea each, and they went and brought a snuff-box, five guineas, and one 36 s. piece, and delivered it into my hands.
Q. Where is the other woman?
Terry. She is absconded; after I had got this money, either the strange woman, or Anderson said, Robertson has got part of the money about her; then I took her up-stairs, the prosecutor was by; she undressed herself, we found four guineas, and a louisd'or, tied up in a little pocket, behind her, and a 36 s. piece in one of her stockings; then the prosecutor inquired what they had done with the stock and handkerchief, and knee-buckles. One of them said, if he went to the watch-house, he would find them; the watchman went and found them there.
Q. Is your house in the city?
Terry. It is, (The prosecutor positively swore to the louisd'or, to be his property.)
Septinius Moseen. I am warder, one of the watchmen was beating the hour two, the prosecutor cry'd out he was robbed in that court. I went with the watchman and he to the house, the door was fast, the prosecutor put his foot against it, and opened it, there was his hat on a nail; we found the two prisoners in Black-lion-yard, Stoney-lane.

Q. Is that in the city?
Moseen. It is, I was present when they were searched. [He confirmed the constable's account of what was found with this addition; that he went with the strange woman to a house in Black-lion-yard, Stoney-lane; and the woman took the money in the box, out of washing-tub of water, which he carried and delivered to the constable.]
Robertson's defence.
The money I had about me was my own I know nothing of the gentlemen's loseing any, I left him very well. The other money was found in the house of this strange woman; it is possible she might rob him.
Anderson's defence.
I was searched four times, and they found nothing upon me.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


