







316. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Buckland 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing seven pieces of woollen says, containing 270 yards, value 29 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Oliver 
                  



                
            : and the second for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , May 12

.*


                  Thomas 
                  Lambert 
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Fen 
               



            , Esq; he is general receiver for the county of Suffolk; I pack'd up 17 says, 3 blue; 29 yards in one parcel; 19 says middle, 42 yards in another parcel; and 3 fine Bozley says, about 25 yards in a piece; we do not name them by the yard: the whole number was 39 pieces.
Q. In what quantity were they put up?
Lambert. They were put up in three different parcels; there were 15, and one for a wrapper, in one parcel; and the same number in another; and six and one, in another parcel. (This is the parcel that was missing.)
Q. How many yards did that contain that was missing?
Lambert. There was about 25 yards in the wrapper, and 42 yards each of the 6.
Q. What marks were there on this parcel that was missing?
Lambert. I put a ticket as is customary of advice, as I always do of the number of the pieces, and the sorts; in this I put such a little hit of paper about 3 inches, by two.
Q. What were the words?
Lambert. 
               
                  T.
                   F. 
               



            6 middle, 42 yards and one Bozley, as a wrapper.
Q. What is the value of these in London?
Lambert. I cannot tell that, my business is wholly in the making part, I never meddle in the selling; I pack'd them up, that is, I saw them pack'd up, and saw them delivered to Mr. Oliver or his man.
Q. Who is Mr. Oliver?
Lambert. He keeps the Sunbury waggon.
Q. When did you deliver them to him?
Lambert. I delivered them the 11th of last May.
Q. What to do?
Lambert. To be sent to London.
Court. Look at this paper.
Lambert. This is the ticket that I put into the parcel that was lost.
It is read.
'' T. 
               
                  F. 
               


            6. Midd. 42 yards and one Bozley, as '' a wrapper.''


                  Stephen 
                  Oliver 
               



            . I help'd these three parcels on to my waggon, they were made fast in the waggon with an intent not to be unloaded till they came to the spread eagle in Grace-church street.
Nathanael Gin. I drove the Sunbury waggon, and brought these goods safe to London; when I came to White-chapel, there I unloaded some other things, I saw these parcels all safe then fastened in the waggon; that parcel which was taken away lay behind at the tail of the waggon, fastened in with a new rope, but when I came to the spread eagle in Grace-church-street, I found the rope was cut, and the parcel was gone.
Q. Where about did you stop in White-chapel?
Gin. I stopp'd right against the rose and crown, or the 3 nuns on this side the minories, just before we went in under Aldgate.
John Brown call'd.
Council for the prisoner. I object to his evidence, we shall prove that he was tried and capitally convicted in this court some years ago.
Foster. Here is a copy of the record of the trial and conviction of this person.
Q. Is it a true copy?
Foster. It is; I examined it with Mr. Wilson in the clerk of the peace's office for the county of Middlesex, in Gray's-inn, Holbourn.
Q. Whose writing is it?
Foster. It is my hand-writing.
It is read in court, to this purport:
'' Whereas it appear'd that 
               
                  John 
                  Robertson 
               



             and '' 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Codosa 
               



             were tried at Justice-hall, in the '' Old Bailey, on Wednesday the 8th of December, '' in the 16th year of his present Majesty, '' and found guilty of a capital offence, and received '' sentence, to be each of them hang'd by '' the neck till they were dead: and that his Majesty '' was graciously pleased to extend his royal '' mercy to 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Codosa 
               



            , on condition of being '' transported for the time of his natural life.''
Q. Did you read over the original record?
Foster. I did.
Q. Is nothing said as to Robertson having mercy extended to him?
Foster. No, there is not.
C. for the prisoner. We will now prove that 
               
                  John 
                  Robertson 
               



            , mentioned in the record, is the same person that comes now to be an evidence in the name of Brown.



                  William 
                  Floyd 
               



            . I live in White-cross-street, I have known this Robertson 25 or 26 years.
Q. What name did he go by when you first knew him?
Floyd. He went by the name of Robertson, and so he does now; and he was cast by the name of Robertson in this court.
Q. Did you see him cast?
Floyd. No, I did not; but I saw him in Newgate and drank with him, when he was under sentence of death.
Q. Who was cast with him?
Floyd. I cannot tell.
Q. How came you to come to see him?
Floyd. I came to see him along with one Mr. Mons; and at that time he had robb'd Mr. Muns of two gallons of French brandy.
Q. What was he under sentence of death for?
Floyd. For house-breaking?
Q. What time of the year was it?
Floyd. It was in the winter time.
Q. How long is it ago?
Floyd. I believe it is 16 years ago, or upwards.
Q. Are you sure this man is the same?
Floyd. I am; I knew all his family; I was a play-fellow with him.
Q. Where did he live then?
Floyd. He lived then in Blue-anchor-yard.
Q. In what part of New-gate did you see him?
Floyd. I saw him in a cell in Newgate.
Q. Had you any conversation with him about it?
Floyd. No, I had not; I drank part of two pots of beer with him.
Q. Had he got his pardon then?
Floyd. No, he had not.
Q. Do you know that he has got his pardon since?
Floyd. I do not know that he has.


                  Esther 
                  Darling 
               



            . I know that Brown by the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Robertson 
               



            ; I was once upon a trial of him and Jos. Isaacs.
Q. Was he clear'd, or cast?
Darling. He received sentence of death here.
Q. What was he convicted for?
Darling. For stealing some rum and brandy from out of Goodman's fields.
Q. Did you see him in the cells in Newgate?
Darling. No, I did not.
Q. Did he always go by the name of Robertson?
Darling. He did. This is the man. ( Pointing to Brown.)


                  James 
                  Haines 
               



            . I have known this man that goes by the name of John Brown about 6 or 7 years.
Q. Do you know any thing about his being cast for life?
Haines. No, I do not.
Foster. I had conversation with this man that is call'd John Brown, in New-prison, about his being convicted of a felony; I told him there, that I was taking up a copy of a record against him, for stealing goods out of the dwelling-house of Trasana Hayden; he told me, he could not help it.
Q. Did he tell you he was the man?
Foster. No he did not, neither did he confess it.
Q. Whether he meant he could not help stealing the goods, or could not help your taking out the copy of the record?
Foster. I cannot tell which he meant.
Q. When had you this conversation?
Foster. It was at the time I was drawing up this copy.
John Brown sworn. On the 12th of May last, in the evening, I was in Petticoat-lane where I live, along with 
               
                  William 
                  Smith 
               



             the prisoner; he came in order for us to go and look out in that unhappy way of life, we staid in my house till about 10 or 11 o'clock; we went out into Church-row, Whitechapel, there stood a waggon at the end of Church-row, we went very near the arse of it, I was first; Smith called after me, and swore, here is a rum chance.
Q. What is the meaning of that?
Brown. That signifies something good; the meaning of rum in that dialect is Beru. I was anxious to go to a publick house; then we were going to the rose and crown to see a girl that liv'd with me, which a fellow had beat. I said to Smith it is only packs of veal that they bring out of the country, then he swore, d - n me, I will try; he took his knife and cut it, and put his finger in and said, it is all cloth; then I was as ready as he to take it away. He cut several cords with his knife behind the waggon that were put cross, and the pack fell naturally on his shoulder, I held it up behind, and we immediately struck through that alley again, and from thence into Gravel-lane, and through that to a court next Devonshire square, which is called Pump-court, there we knock'd up one Sanders. a Jew.
Q. What time of the night might this be?

Brown. This was about 11 o'clock, it being their Sunday; that is, on the Friday night; he had a lamp burning, he took it in, then we opened the pack to see what was in it: there were six pieces of that stuff they call says, and one piece which wrapp'd up all the other six, which was but about half the bulk of the other, and there was a wrapper besides; then we immediately began to make a bargain for it; but we could not agree for the price.
Q. What did he bid you for it?
Brown. He bid us but 3 d. a yard for it, we thought that too little; and Smith said, never mind him, I will take a bit of it and call upon Buckland, and I will call again, this lies in his way, he may make linings and other things of it.
Q. In what business was Buckland?
Brown. He keeps a cloth-shop in Long-lane, Smithfield
; while we were making a bargain with Sanders, some body knock'd at the door, we imagined we had been pursued, having been there but a little time; we were sadly affrighted with guilty consciences; with our scuffling we put the Jew's light out, but we soon found the person that rapt at the door was only a drunken man; then the light being out, we could not look at the stuff any more; then he said, come when my sabbath is over then perhaps we may agree. I went away; Smith came to me on the Saturday morning as he had appointed, and said Buckland had bid him 6 d. per yard for it at the first word.
Q. Where did you leave the cloth?
Brown. We left it with Sanders all night.
Q. Did you see any ticket describing the cloth, when you open'd it?
Brown. No, I did not; we went to Sanders on Saturday about noon, we told him how much Buckland bid, then Sanders bid us the other penny a yard, we did not agree with him then, he bid us come and fetch it away that evening, when it was dark we went to fetch it.
Q. Did you find it in the same condition as you left it the night before?
Brown. We did, it was too heavy to be carried in one pack, so we divided it, we went into Duke's place and there pick'd up a porter.
Q. What was his name?
Brown. I can't tell that; the porter went to Sander's, and brought four pieces of it in a sack, and the remainder of it was to be fetch'd another time; I staid for the porter in Hounsditch, then I desired Smith to take that and carry it to Buckland's and said I'd go and bring the rest. The porter put it down on a bulk, and Smith, and a little porter named Alexander or Sanders, took it and carried it to Buckland's, and the port er went back to Sanders's for the rest; he soon returned to me with the second parcel, then we went with it to within about forty yards of Buckland's house, to a bulk at the end of Long-lane, Aldersgate-street; there Smith met me, and began to swear at me for staying so long, he said give it me, it is all bank.
Q. What is the meaning of that?
Brown. That is, it is all safe, he said Buckland don't care to be concerned with too many people, he is a learning chap; I'll go and I'll do for myself and you too; you not afraid that I should sink upon you.
Q. What did he mean by sink upon you?
Brown. That is to keep part of the money myself, without giving an account of it; then Smith ordered the porter and me to go to a public house, accordingly we went to the sign of the child's top and whip.
Q. Who carried the second parcel to Buckland's?
Brown. Smith did.
Q. How do you know that?
Brown. I saw him go in at the door with it, for I was dubious of him and I watched him.
Q. Did he know what alehouse you went to?
Brown. He said to the porter, go to the child's play-thing, that was the whip and top; while we were at the alehouse, I was fearful that Smith would sink upon me; I left the two porters there, and I went to Buckland's door and peep'd thro' the key-hole, and heard Smith and Buckland making a bargain about the cloth, Smith said it is worth 14 or 15 d. a yard, if we had the worth of it; I saw the parcel that I carried lying on the counter, and Buckland leaning with his hand upon it; the bargain was struck for the six pieces, he was to give 6 l. Smith said that is no more than six pence a yard; Buckland was to give six pence a yard, and nothing for the remnant; they measured it to be satisfied, and it ran two yards and a half above what it would come to at six pence a yard; so he said let it come to what it will, I will give 6 l. for them all.
Q. Did you hear Buckland ask Smith how he came by them, while you stood at the door?

Brown. He need not to ask him that, for Smith told him; Buckland said you have sold 
               
                  Levi 
                  Sanders 
               



             them, could not you have let me seen them first. Said Smith we got them but last night out of a waggon in White-chapel. Well, said Buckland, I should not like to be behind any body; I should like to see the first of every thing.
Q. Did you see the money paid?
Brown. No, I did not.
Q. What became of you then?
Brown. I would have staid longer to have seen the upshot of it, but my head hit against the door, as my foot slipped, and Buckland came and looked out at the door, but I pop'd under a gateway just by his house; there I saw him put his head out and look about, and when he shut the door, I went to the porters at the alehouse.
Q. What became of the first parcel?
Brown. Smith told me he carried that to Buckland's.
Q. When did Smith come to you?
Brown. In about 3 quarters of an hour, or an hour after, he came and hollowed at the alehouse door.
Q. Where did you go that night?
Brown. I paid for the liquor, and we joined Smith in the street, and went over Moorfields; in the middle of Moorfields he said, you know Buckland is a comical sort of a chap, he never pays for all at once, he gave me but half, I have got but 3 l. we went under a lamp, and there he gave me 30 s.
Q. Who paid the porters?
Brown. I did; I gave one 2 s. and the other 6 d. He that had but 6 d. carried the first parcel along with Smith. There was a great noise about this afterwards, and a man was taken up upon it; it alarmed us, so that we kept out of the way. About a week or eight or ten days after this, Smith and his father and I were going by Pye-corner, we saw Buckland with a woman in an alehouse; he came and called to us to come and drink; we went in and sat down and drank, he took me to the door, and said here has been a d - d piece of work about this d - d says, I wish I had never troubled my head with it, but there will nothing come of it; said he I happened to be at a place, and heard an apprentice say they were going to look after some people that had robbed a waggon, and that they had got intelligence of the persons. I was singing of a song, and it struck me all of a heap; I could not sing any more, I thought the people took notice of me. I had it then at home, so I ran home and sent it out of the house.
Q. What did he mean he carried out of his house?
Brown. That was the says. Said I, I am told that the people who lost it value it at near 30 l. how could you give us so little for it; he said do you consider how long I shall have it by me; if it had been dy'd I could have afford to have given a good deal more for it. I must have it pressed and dyed, and may keep it seven years before I make use of it; said he Mr. Plump and Bobb Sanders came to me to fist me, but I knew as much as ever a Plump of them all; they have got nothing out of me, do but keep your tongue and nothing can hurt you.
Q. Who are Plump and Sanders?
Brown. Two thief catchers. Then we paid for a pot of beer and came away.
Q. Did you ever receive the other money?
Brown. Yes, Smith brought 3 l. more to me, and said he had it of Buckland, and gave me 30 s. of it.
Q. How long was that after you had received the other.
Brown. It was that day week after.
Cross examination.
Q. How long have you gone by the name of Brown?
Brown. I have a good while.
Q. How long?
Brown. I cannot tell.
Q. Do you say you never went by any other name but Brown?
Brown. We people in our way go by a great many names.
Q. What is your way?
Brown. I have confessed myself to be bad, and I hope to atone for my past offences.
Q. Why did not you carry this parcel to your own house, you say you live but in Petticoat-lane?
Brown. We never carry things to our own houses, but to those that buy them.
Q. Was your house searched for these things?
Brown. It was the next day after we took them.
- Alexander. I am brother to 
               
                  Levi 
                  Sanders 
               



            , or Lion Sanders, a Jew, on the 13th of May, it being on a Saturday, about eight o'clock in the afternoon, I was employ'd by my brother to help pack up these things, he would have no business with them.
Q. How many pieces were there of them?

Alexander. There were six pieces, and another piece; I help'd pack them up together into two parcels; four of the pieces were in a bag, the other three were in a wrapper; my brother and I went together and called a porter.
Q. What is his name?
Alexander. His name is 
               
                  Solomon 
                  Myers 
               



            ; then I left him, and was going to bed in Woolpack-alley, and in about a quarter of an hour I met Smith, the prisoner, with a bundle, at a coal shop, he called to me, and asked me if I would earn six-pence; I asked what to do, he said only to lend a hand over the fields with these things, he had the first parcel with him in the bag; he said he was going to Buckland's with them, and that he had them from my brother's house; I help'd him with them, we had two turns each, and at last we carried them to Buckland's house.
Q. Was this one of the two parcels that you pack'd up in your brother's house?
Alexander. It is.
Q. How do you know it was one of them?
Alexander. He said it was, and I knew the bag again.
Q. Did you see Buckland?
Alexander. I did, he said to me will not your brother buy these things, how came you to carry them: I said my brother would not have any thing to do with them.
Q. Did Buckland receive them of you?
Alexander. He did, I laid them on the compter.
Q. What time of the night was this?
Alexander. I believe it was between nine and ten o'clock.
Q. Was it dark ?
Alexander. It was, but there were lamps lighted.
Q. Did you see Brown that night there?
Alexander. Smith and I came out together to wait for his coming, and the other porter, whose name is 
               
                  Solomon 
                  Myers 
               



            , he had told Mr. Buckland in my hearing, there was another parcel coming.
Q. Did they come?
Alexander. Yes they did in about ten or fifteen minutes, Myers brought it, and put it upon a bulk at the corner of Barbicain, facing Long-lane, which is within sixty or seventy yards of Buckland's door; then Smith took the parcel and went up Long-lane with it, and bid us go to an alehouse, we went and called for a pint of beer, and asked what sign it was, they told us it was the boy's-play-thing; I went to Buckland, and told Smith where we were, when I found it was the whip and top.
Q. Who went with you?
Alexander. The other porter and Brown did, I found Smith and Buckland together when I went there, and the second parcel on the compter.
Q. Did you see the first parcel?
Alexander. No, I suppose they had put that away; then I went back to the alehouse, and staid there about ten minutes.
Q. Did you miss Brown at any time when you was at the alehouse?
Alexander. I did for about seven or eight minutes, or thereabouts; afterwards somebody came and made a hollowing at the door; Brown heard it, and went out, and did not stay long, he came in and paid for two pints of beer, and we drank a dram and went out together; we met Smith at the corner where the second parcel was left, then we went all away together over the fields, and just at the bottom of the field, by a lamp going into old Bedlam, Smith and Brown stopped, we were on one side of them, within about ten yards, they told some money between them under the lamp, what it was I cannot tell.
Q. Did you hear the conversation?
Alexander. No, I did not.
Q. Who paid you?
Alexander. Smith paid me 6 d.
Q. What had Myers?
Alexander. He had 2 s.
Q. Who paid him?
Alexander. Brown did, then Smith went to his own habitation, and we three went through old Bedlam home.
Smith. I never saw that man before to my knowledge.
Cross examination.
Q. Have you been used to this sort of business?
Alexander. No, I went as another porter may, to carry the goods.
Q. How came Buckland to hear your brother had been about buying them?
Alexander. I do not know.
Q. Did you know where you was going when they first engaged you to carry the parcel?
Alexander. No, I did not think I was going to Buckland's, I thought I was to have gone to Smith's house.
Q. Where did Smith live?

Alexander. Upon Clerkenwell-green.


                  Solomon 
                  Myers 
               



            . I am a porter, I was employ'd by the last witness and 
               
                  Levi 
                  Sanders 
               



            , on Saturday night the 13th of May, to carry a load, I did not know what was in it; there were two parcels, a wrapper, and a bag; I took the bag; Lyon Alexander told me to carry it into Houndsditch; I took it from Sanders's house and carried it to the corner of Castle-yard, and pitched it on a bulk, Sanders had told me, I should see a gentleman standing there, he would receive it of me: I went and saw Mr. Brown standing there, I clapp'd it down, and went back, as Sanders had desired me, to fetch the other parcel that was in the wrapper; when I came there with the second load, Brown was there, he said I must go along with him, I went with him.
Q. What became of the first load?
Myers. That was gone when I came to the bulk the second time; I went with him to the end of Barbican, near the white bear, we staid about 5 or 6 minutes, then Alexander came, and another man with him.
Q. What was that man's name?
Myers. They told me his name was Smith.
Q. Look about, see if you can see him?
Myers. I believe this is the man, (pointing to the prisoner Smith) he took the load, and where he went with I cannot tell.
Q. What became of you afterwards?
Myers. We went into a publick house in Goswell street the sign of the whip and top, there Alexander, and I, and Brown sat drinking a pint of beer; afterwards Brown said to Alexander, go and let Smith know where we are; Alexander went and came back again and he said he had told him: we drank another pot of beer, and by and by Brown went out of the room for a few minutes; and afterwards Brown came in and called for a glass of rum and paid the reckoning, and we all went out together, and found Smith at the corner of Barbican.
Q. Had Smith any thing about him?
Myers. No, nothing but the bag and wrapper; as we went along Moorfields we were about twelve yards from Smith and Brown, we saw Brown receive some money of Smith; Brown gave me 2 s. and I thank'd him.
Cross examination.
Q. What sort of a wrapper was that you mention?
Myers. It was a very coarse bit of cloth.


                  Stephen 
                  Oliver 
               



            , jun. I was at the searching Sanders's house in Pump-court, and there I found this ticket that has been produc'd here; this is the ticket that was put into the parcel that was missing, it is the same that was shewed to Mr. Lambert.


                  Jane 
                  Jones 
               



            . I live in Deptford; Buckland came to my house in the beginning of June, but what day in particular I cannot say; at his first coming he said, he came away for being bound for a man for debt; after a little time he gave me occasion to inquire into his character, I found it not as he had told me.
Q. On what occasion was it that you inquired into his character?
Jones. He gave me leave to inquire into his character for particular reasons.
Q. What reasons?
Jones. He made love to a young woman in Deptford, that had some fortune, so he gave me leave to inquire into his character; after I had made some inquiry I talk'd with him, and he owned that this Brown and Smith had stolen a parcel of goods in White-chapel, and he bought them, and that was the reason he came away from his home: he said also, that there was a bill of indictment found against him the last sessions, and he came away to be out of sight; he wrote a letter to Mr. Cornelius, and to that end he applied to my daughter for some paper.
Q. Was you by at that time?
Jones. I was.
Q. Did your daughter let him have some?
Jones. No, she did not; he pull'd some out of his own pocket, he began to write while I was by, but I did not stay till it was finish'd, but my daughter did.
Cross examination.
Q. How long did he confess this before he quitted your house?
Jones. He never quitted my house, for we soon had him taken; that is, the people that first brought him to my house did.
Q. Did he say he came away because he had bought, or because he was charged with having bought?
Jones. He said he had bought goods of these men, and several other things besides that parcel; he gave the letter into my hand after he had wrote it, for me to carry it to where it was directed; but I gave it to Mr. Bell.


                  Jane 
                  English 
               



            . I am daughter to the last witness, Mr. Buckland was at her house, and one day he asked me to give him some paper, I said I would get up and give him some, he said I have some in my pocket which my man will know.
Q. Was you near him when he wrote it?
English. I was sitting at the same table.
Q. What did he do with that letter?
English. He delivered it to my mother.
Q. Do you know the contents of it?
English. I do some of it.
Mr. Bell. Mrs. Jones delivered a letter to me; this is it. (Producing one.)
Q. to Mrs. Jones. Is this the letter you deliver'd to Mr. Bell?
Mrs. Jones, (takes it in her hand;) It is the same letter which Mr. Buckland delivered to me.
Q. to English. Look on this letter.
English. This is the same letter that I saw Buckland write, it is a leaf which he tore out of a shop book; here are two red lines on one side, and one on the other.
A copy of the original letter read in court:
'' Mr. Cornelius, pray Deliver that White wigg '' that I Bought of Brickland it hangs On the '' Sconce to the Gentlewoman and give all the '' particulers of My affairs and to Let Me know '' whether Brown is tryed or vether Smith Will '' be trye'd or Not this Sessions and Give Me all '' the true perticulers that you Can hear that '' is true Wheather Good or Bad Agst Me Mr. '' Cornelius, at the Receit of this Goe to Westmister '' to Mr. Judge and Desire him to Send me '' What Moneys he Can Spare Me att this present '' and give him a Receit in part for What you Recev'd '' the Gentle Woman Will Be in town tell '' this Eavening and Let me know Wheather Mr. '' Sweatman Makes his payments and Send Me '' What you Can. for Money Runs Very Short '' With Me being Flusterrated from place to place '' and no Residence witch Runs Me to Expences.
'' so Be Steady and act true and faithful to Me '' and if please God to Bless Me Once more with '' My liberty I will always think it My Duty to '' Make you amends. - My kind to My Sisters '' and I hope they behave Well for it Will '' Be for their Good as Well as Mine,
Your 
               
                  Friend, W. B.



Smith's defence.
I am very innocent in the affair; I know nothing what they have been talking of; ask Robertson what time I came to his house.
Court. That is Brown.
Brown to the question. He came to my house on the Friday about 5 or 6 o'clock, he us'd to come about that time, being a proper time.
Q. from Smith. What month was it?
Brown. It was the 12th of May.
Smith. I kept a publick house at the corner of Mutton-lane, this evidence said he was a watchmaker and lived in Ratcliff Highway, and his wife kept a chandler's shop there; he was by when the warrant was serv'd on me; I asked him if he would bail me? he said he would.
Brown. We have done many such things as that.
Smith. He told the justice he rented 14 l. a year.
Brown. These are not the first schemes that you and I have been in.
Buckland's defence.
The porter Myers came to me when I was in the Compter, and said I am sorry for what I have done, for this prosecutor has offered me 5 l. to swear against you.
Q. to Myers. Did you say to him as he relates?
Myers. No, I never said such a word; no soul offer'd me a farthing.
Q. Was you in the Compter to see him?
Myers. I have been in the Compter to several prisoners when Buckland was there.
Q. from Smith. Was not you brought into the Compter to see if you knew me? What did you say to my Lord Mayor?
Myers. The first time I did not know him, because it was quite dark, on a Saturday night. When I came again Mr. alderman Cockayne was there, I told him that was the man; I did not see my Lord Mayor.
Buckland. I was recommended to court this Mrs. Jones's daughter, I made love to her, the father, mother and daughter gave it out so; she had had a sweetheart before, who told me something that wa s not agreeable; I told the old woman of her daughter's fault, and she desired me not to expose her daughter; and because I would not have her, they have done all this out of spite.

Q. to Mrs. Jones. Do you give this evidence by way of resentment on the account of his usage to your daughter?
Jones. Upon my oath I do not.
Q. Did he court your daughter?
Jones. He came in pretence to do so, we had not known him 3 weeks.
Q. Did he court 
               
                  Jane 
                  English 
               



            ?
Jones. No, it was my other daughter, if it may be so call'd. I believe he never was twice alone in her company in his life; she is here, and has as much to say against him as I have.
For Smith.


                  Sarah 
                  Fuller 
               



            . I have known Smith some time, he is a very honest endeavouring young man, as far as I know.


                  Mary 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I have known Smith ever since he was a child; he has the character of a very honest young man, as far as I know; he is a needle-maker.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Jones 
               



            . I have known him about four years, I never knew him dishonest in my life, I never heard any thing of him but that of a good character.


                  Jane 
                  Brogden 
               



            . I have known Smith from a child, he is an industrious man for any thing I know.
For Buckland.


                  John 
                  Shelton 
               



            . I have known Buckland about four years, he has dealt with me during that time for bread, he always paid me honestly.


                  Isaac 
                  Rawlins 
               



            . I have known Buckland twenty years, and from what I know of his dealings, I could not suppose him guilty of the fact.
Jos. Stent. I have known him I believe fifteen years; as to his character, that I know nothing of.


                  Francis 
                  Latwitch 
               



            . I have known him about 13 years, he has dealt with me that time, he payed me honestly, justly, and freely.


                  Abraham 
                  Fort 
               



            . I have known Buckland 10 or 11 years; I keep a shop and sell goods, he has traded with me, the man never did me any harm. I have nothing more to say.
Mr. Mitchel. I believe I have known him twenty years, I never heard any thing bad of him before this affair.


                  George 
                  Swetman 
               



            . I have known him pretty near 9 years, he is a very civil good-natured neighbour as any in the neighbourhood; we have dealt for several scores of pounds, he paid me very honourably.


                  John 
                  Payton 
               



            . I have known him as a neighbour 4 or 5 years, but never had any dealings with him; I know nothing about his character.


                  John 
                  Douglass 
               



            . I have known him almost four years, he always behaved very well and very civil to me as an honest neighbour, as far as I know.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


