





288. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Dean 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one brass tea kettle, value 1 s. 6 d. and one bolster, value 2sthe goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cole 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging room let by contract, &c
            
Feb. 11
. ||


                  John 
                  Cole 
               



            . I live in Mec-t Street, Long Acre


. I am a dealer and salesman in cloaths
. I let the prisoner a lodging, but can't say the day of the month. She took the things mentioned in the indictment, and ran away on the 14th of February.
Q. How long had she lodged in your house?
Cole. I can't say
Q. How do you know she took the things?
Cole. She borrowed the tea kettle for her own use, and that very moment she went and pawn'd it. The goods produced in court, and deposed to.


                  William 
                  Humphrys 
               



            . The prisoner brought these things and pawn'd them with me in Feb. last, either the 24th or 25th.
Q. What did you lend her upon them?
Humphrys. I lent her 4 s.
Q. Where have they been since?
Humphrys. They have been in my custody ever since.
Prisoner's defence.
The prosecutor's maid gave me the tea kettle to go and pawn, to fetch a flat iron out, to press a waist coat for him to go to Rag-Fair to sell; she said he had beat her for it, and turn'd her out of the house, and she lay in my room two or three nights. I did not take the bolster, that was one 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Smith 
               



             that lay with me. She is a woman of the town that took it. I have got up and sat on the stairs all night, while she has had men there with her.
For the prisoner.


                  Jane 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I went to see if I could make the matter up, and the prosecutor told me I should have come sooner, for if it was made up he must appear, but was very willing to make things easy.


                  Mary 
                  Start 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from a child She served me half a year, I have trusted her in my room, and she never wrong'd me, nor did I ever hear any ill of her in my life
Prisoner. There is a gentleman on the jury knows me, if he pleases to speak to my character
G. Field. I have known her from a child, and never heard any ill of her before this. 



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


