





340. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jameson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one hat, value 4 s. one silk handkerchief, value 2 s. five ells of holland, value 15 s. the goods of persons unknown, one silk handkerchief, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Gosling 
                        



                      
                  , one cloth cloak, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Lucy 
                           Townsend 
                        



                      
                  , spinster
, and one cloth cloak
            , the property of 
               
                  Abigail 
                  Allen 
               



             , spinster
, August 12
. +


                  Hannah 
                  Boroughs 
               



            . I live in East-Smithfield, and am a pawnbroker; the prisoner at the bar was my servant. About the 25th of March last, when the family got up he was gone. He staid away till about the Wednesday following. In his absence on the 28th I missed a hat out of the shop, that I had lent four shillings on. When he came home, I told him I had lost a hat, and he had by some method got in and taken it. He lay in another house backwards. He acknowledged he had taken the hat and two silk handkerchiefs (producing one handkerchief.) This is the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Gosling 
               



            . I got an acquaintance to go with him to fetch the hat and handkerchiefs, from whence he had pawn'd them. I missed the two, cloaks mentioned in the indictment and the piece of holland on the 12th of 
               
                  August 
                  On 
               



             the thirteenth when my family arose, the doors were open; in the house was this key (producing one) and by looking about I took him in my house behind my garret door concealed. He was not my servant then. I carried him before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , and there charged him with things I had lost. He said, he had nothing to say for himself; but that it was true. He confessed he got down the cellar window, and so up into the shop. I had turned him away immediately, upon finding him out about the hat.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Powis 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutrix. The prisoner was her servant
. She turned him away about the 30th of March. He went out on the 28th of March, and we missed a hat while he was absent. When he returned, mistress charged him with it. He owned he took it and a handkerchief; and he owned to me also in New-Prison, that he had taken two cloaks and five elis of cloth, and had sold them to an old Jew.
Q. Who did the cloaks belong to?
E. Powis. They belong to 
               
                  Lucy 
                  Townsend 
               



             and 
               
                  Abigail 
                  Allen 
               



            .
The prisoner had nothing to say.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


