





364. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Murphy 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one brass arm and candlestick, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Child 
                  




                
            , July 18
. ++


                  John 
                  Child 
               



            . Last Thursday morning about ten o'clock, being the 18th of July, I was backwards in the yard washing my hands, my servant came to me and said he wanted 7 d. to pay for some brass that he had bought. I came into the shop, there was the prisoner. I gave him 7 d. it was for some old brass which he had brought. He went out, and I believe he went a little way down the street, for a little time after came a neighbour and told me he had offered this brass arm to sell ( producing one) it is my property. I went to the prisoner, and charged him with stealing it, he said he bought it, and mentioned first one place then another.


                  Sarah 
                  Brinn 
               



            . The prisoner came into my shop betwixt 10 and 11 o'clock on Thursday last to sell a parcel of old brass. the brass weighed 4 ounces; he offered this brass arm of a candlestick to sale; I sent over to the prosecutor (he lives over against me) I thought it was his; the prisoner went out of the shop, and Mr. Child sent after him and took him.
Prosecutor. After I had paid him for the brass I went backward into the yard, and did not know the prisoner had taken any thing.


                  John 
                  Bassit 
               



            . I live with Mr. Child; Mrs. Brinn came and told me, I saw the prisoner, and followed him to Golden-Lane end; the branch hung out of his pocket, I brought him back to my master, and there the branch was taken from him.
Prisoner's defence.
I never proposed to sell that thing to her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


