





146. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Lomen 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one glass bottle, value 5 d. and one quart of pickled olives
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Golding 
                  




                
            , Feb. 21
.* 
William Golding. I am an oilman
, and live in Leadenhall-street; I have been lately robbed four or five times of pickles, and I was determin'd if possible to find out the thief, and ordered my servant to watch. Last Friday night I did not see the bottle taken, but my servant ran out and brought in the boy at the bar, and a bottle of pickled olives, my property. But he behaved very impertinent, and said it was not in my power to hurt him. I asked him what business he followed? He said he was a coal-heaver, and that he lived with his uncle, and carried his shovel for him on nights and mornings. Then after that, he said he was not guilty of it, but another boy, one 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Slocock 
               



            , that lives at Sale-petre-bank, took the bottle. I had him before alderman Scot, and he committed him to Newgate. I ordered my servant and constable to go and take Slocock, which they did; I took him before Sir 
               
                  Charles 
                  Asgil 
               



            ; he told us of another boy on Salt-petre-bank.


                  John 
                  Cox 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Golding; about a quarter after eight in the evening, on the 21st of February, I was standing in the shop and saw a boy's arm take a bottle of olives away from the window; I made haste out of the shop, and catched hold of a boy, the bottle was set down, and he was about a yard from it.
Q. How far from the shop did you find the bottle?
Cox. About sixteen yards from the shop-door; the prisoner was going from the bottle.
Q. Did you see him put it down?
Cox. No, I did not; as soon as I laid hold of him, he said it was not him, it was the other boy. I saw another boy go over the kennel at a distance from him. I took the prisoner into the shop, and the bottle, my master's property.


                  Joseph 
                  Drake 
               



            . I am going in the fifteenth year of my age; I lodged in the same house where the prisoner did; he asked me to take a walk with him upon the Keys; it grew dark; then he asked me to take a walk on London-bridge; I did till it was late; going back through Leadenhall-street, he said, I'll take this bottle of things down; it was at an oil-shop he took it down, and I took it of him; after which, I heard them call, stop thief! so I set the bottle down, and ran away as fast as I could.
Q. Whereabouts did you set it down?
Drake. I set it on the ground almost behind a post; the prisoner was then walking on, and said, why don't you make haste along? I said, I'll set the bottle down: he said, don't.
Q. How far was it from the house where you took it that you set it down?
Drake. It was almost the length of the sessions-house off. I went home to Mr. Gardner's, a lodging-house.
Prisoner's defence.
That evidence said, Michael, if you will run on the other side of the way, I will go and take this bottle from the window. He went and took it; the gentleman called, stop thief! and he set the bottle down, and ran on the other side of the way.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


