





156. (L.) 
               
                  Higham 
                  Levi 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mug, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Terry 
                  




                
            , Jan. 30
. +


                  John 
                  Terry 
               



            . On the 30th of January, towards the evening, betwixt dark and light, there came two women into my house (the Rose and Crown, Aldgate-High-Street


 ) for a pint of hot; I made it in a silver pint mug, knowing one of them. They drank it, and call'd for another; in the mean time the prisoner and another man were drinking a pint of beer opposite them, in another box: by and bye the prisoner and the other man separated, the other man went into another company, and the prisoner introduced himself into the womens company, and began to drink with them out of the silver mug. My wife was out, and I was pretty busy; one of the women took it up on her finger and brought it to me at the bar, after they had done; and said, take care of your silver mug, and here is your money for your two pints of hot, and paid me. I took the mug and set it down in the bar; then the two women were going out, and wished me a good night; the prisoner started up and said, ladies, or gentlewomen, I have drank some of your hot, I'll be my pint. Then they staid, and I made another pint in the same mug; I brought it to him myself; the two women drank 'till it was almost half out, they wish'd him and me a good night, and went away, and left him at the table with the mug before him.
Q. Was any body at that table, besides the prisoner, when they went out?
Terry. No, he was all alone. In about a quarter of an hour after, he call'd me, and paid me for that pint. I was walking up and down, out of one room into another about my business, he call'd me and said, he should be oblig'd to me if I would make it hot again, for it was quite cold. I order'd my servant to warm it, and after that I saw the mug before him upon the table; by and bye I missed the prisoner, but did not think of the mug, he having paid for the liquor before.
Q. What time was it that you missed the prisoner?
Terry. It was about 8 o'clock, and about 9 my wife came home, and ask'd my servant where the plate was? He look'd about and said, all the tankards were right. My wife said, where are the mugs ? He look'd about, and said there was one missing; then he look'd diligently about, but could not find it; then I recollected that the mug the prisoner had drank out of, had not been seen from the time he had been there.
Q. Had the mug any mark upon it?
Terry. It had two ships engraved upon it. I have two others engraved after the same manner; in the morning I acquainted the silver-smith whom I bought it of that I had lost it, and by enquiring about I found out where the prisoner at the bar lived. I went and told him I wanted that silver mug that he made a little free with last night; said he, I know nothing of the matter; I said I had never seen it from a little after the maid warmed the liquor in it; then he desired me to walk up stairs into his own room. I did, there he denied it again, and his wife and he talked together in their own language; then he said to me what is the reason you did not suspect such a one that they call My Lord? I said I believed him, to as big a thief as you; then he said to his wife go and tell My Lord, I am charged with stealing the silver mug, and said if he has got it he'll send it. I wanted her to let another person go with her, but she went alone, and came back again and said he was not at home; then I said to the prisoner you must come along with me, and took him home to my house and charged a constable with him, he seemed to be very much affrighted, there were several people in my house who told him he had better impeach; he began to be very uneasy, and said, Mr. Terry, I'll take care and send for your mug. When the constable was going by his order, he wanted to go with him, so he, his wife, the constable and I went to a house, there was nobody at home; I said I would not be trifled with, and brought him back to my house a second time; then he sent a man for the mug, who returned and brought it, and put it down on the side of the bar.
Q. Did you hear him give that man orders to go for it?
Terry. I did; I heard him bid the man go to a person for the mug.
Q. Who was that person?
Terry. I don't know who that person is, I asked him if that was the person? he said, what is that to you if you have the mug again? we took him before Mr. alderman Cockayne.
Q. What did he say for himself there ?

Terry. His defence he made there was this; I own I had the mug to drink out of, and I was drunk and sleepy and laid my head down to sleep, and My Lord came and took it away. The alderman said, if you was drunk and asleep, how do you know who took it away?
Q. Who did he mean by My Lord?
Terry. The man that was drinking with him in my house that evening, he joined with other company that were drinking of beer.
Q. Did they join company after that, that night.
Terry. No, I never saw them speak to each other after they separated from each other.
Cross examination.
Q. After the two women were gone, had there no men been in that room besides the prisoner ?
Terry. Yes there had.
Q. How many?
Terry. I believe seven or eight.
Q. Were there any there after the prisoner went away?
Terry. Yes there were.
Q. How many rooms have you on that floor?
Terry. I have two.
Q. Was the room the prisoner was in next the street, or backwards?
Terry. The rooms are both near the street, being one by the side of the other.
Q. Do you know one 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Elias 
               



            ?
Terry. I can't say I know him by name.
Q. Did he offer to hide himself when you went to his house?
Terry. When I knock'd at the door he came in his waistcoat, and stop'd about the middle of the stairs; I saw him and said it is you I want.
Q. Did you say any thing to him about 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Elias 
               



            ?
Terry. No.
Q. Did he go very willingly along with you?
Terry. He did.
Q. What did he advise you to go up stairs for?
Terry. I believe it was because the neighbours should not hear, for he cried hush, hush.


                  William 
                  Turney 
               



            . I am constable, Mr. Terry came to my house and told me he had got a man at his house that had stole a silver mug, and he desired I'd go to his house? I did, there was the prisoner at the bar, and Mr. Terry gave me charge of him. I ordered him to go into a box and sat down by him, and asked him if he had any body to send for, or had any thing to say for himself? then he said if I would let him go home to his wife he could tell me something about the mug. I said, if you can do that, you may send for your wife, and she can bring it. Then he proposed, if I would indulge him so far as to go with him, and take two or three more with me, he would carry me to his wife, and produce the mug. I thought it would be for the benefit of Mr. Terry, if I ventured to go with him, therefore told him what the prisoner had said to me, and that if he thought proper I would take two or three men with me, and go to his house. He thought it best so to do, so I went. When we came to his house, his wife was not at home. He said he knew where to find her. We went to another place and found her, where they talk'd together in their own language.
Q. Was she alone?
Turney. There were a man and several women with her in the room. At last I said, I do not understand your talk, but, good woman, I am come for a silver mug that your husband has brought you, and desire you will deliver it to me. She said she knew nothing of it. Then the man that was there told me, that if I would leave one of the men there, they would bring the mug to the prosecutor's house in a quarter of an hour. So Mr. Terry and I took the prisoner to his house, and they soon brought the mug thither after us.
Q. What did the prisoner say about bringing the mug?
Turney. I don't know what he said, but it was agreed amongst them all. It was the other Jew man that said he would answer to bring me the mug, if I would go back again with the prisoner. They had been talking in their own language, but what I did not understand.
Q. Did the prisoner talk to the other Jew man in a language you did not understand?
Turney. He did.
Q. Was that before or after the other man said he would see it forth coming?
Turney. It was before that.
Q. How soon after you got to Mr. Terry's was the mug brought?
Turney. It was brought in about a quarter of an hour, or not so much ( the mug produced in court.)
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at this mug; do you know it ?

Terry. This is the mug I lost at that time. I know it by a crack in the handle, and the two ships engraved upon it; here is also engraved Captain 
               
                  Frances 
                  Commander 
               



            , 1742.
Prisoner's defence.
I am as innocent of the fact as a child just born, were I to die this minute; here is my council to plead for me.
For the Prisoner.


                  Michael 
                  Lazarus 
               



            . I know Mr. Terry, the prosecutor. The father of the prisoner came to me and told me I should inquire into this thing, because I used Mr. Terry's house. Three of us went there, and called for a pint of hot.
Q. When was this?
Lazarus. About 15 or 16 days ago. We called the prosecutor up to us, and asked him if he could swear this young man had stoln his pint mug. He said no. Then we said, Can you swear he brought it back? He said no.
Court. He says the same now.
Myer Abrahams. I was with the other witnesses, to hear what the prosecutor should say. He said, I can't swear this man took it, nor who brought it back again.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner at the bar?
Abrahams. I have known him from a child.
Q. What is his general character?
Abrahams. I do not hear a bad one of him.


                  Benjamin 
                  Levi 
               



            . The prisoner is my son; hearing some talk about a silver pint mug, I went to the prosecutor's house along with the other two evidences. He said he had lost a silver pint mug, but could not swear to my son, nor knew who brought it again.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Philips 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from his infancy.
Q. What is his general character?
E. Philips. He bears a very good character, for I never knew any ill of him; he is an honest prudent man, and behaved well; his father is clerk to the Jews synagogue, and he supplies him.


                  Isaac 
                  Eliezer 
               



            . I have known the prisoner almost ever since he was born.
Q. What is his general character?
Eliezer. He has a very good character, to my knowledge; he has carried out goods and received money for me, and brought it honestly, sometimes 10 l. at a time.
Rosey Solomon. I have known the prisoner about eight years. I used to trust him with money and goods, and he never wrong'd me of a farthing. If he should be clear'd, I shall trust him again on Monday.


                  Benjamin 
                  Polax 
               



            . I have known him 7, 8, 9 or 10 years, as many as you will.
Q. What is his general character?
Polax. As far as I know he bears a very good character; his father lives over-against me, and the prisoner often went in and out at my house. I have sent him of a great many errands. I never missed any thing. He never wrong'd me, but always behaved honestly.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


