





225. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Bridget 
                     Jourdan 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one camblet gown, value 2 s. one cloth cloak, value 1 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 1 s. one linen handkerchief, value 2 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Tompson 
                  




                
            , widow
, April 21
. +


                  John 
                  Tompson 
               



            . I am son to the prosecutrix; she is very infirm, and unable to attend the court; and all I can say is, the things mentioned in the indictment are her property.


                  James 
                  Collings 
               



            . I saw the prisoner coming out of an entry from a house in Durham-yard


. I laid hold of her arm, and she dropt a bundle; I sent for the evidence's mother, and she owned them.
Q. to Tompson. Where does your mother live?
Tompson. She lives in Durham-yard.
Q. Did you see the bundle opened?
Tompson. I did. (The goods produced in court.)
They were such things as these; I suppose these to be same.
Q. Where have the things been seen?
Tompson. After the prisoner was taken before the justice, I took the things, and locked them up in a chest of my mother's, where they continued till I took them to bring them here.
Q. Did you see the bundle opened when they were delivered to your mother by Collings.
Tompson. No, I did not then.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming along crying rags, when I met an old-cloaths woman; she said she had bought some things, and told me if I would be half, I might. I said I had no money to give for my part. I went with her to the house where she said she had bought them; I staid at the door, and she went in and brought them out, and gave them to me, and bid me go up the court, and she would follow me in a minute or two, and the gentleman came and laid hold of me.
For the prisoner.


                  Terence 
                  Magennis 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about six years; she is an honest, hard-labouring creature; she goes in the streets, and buys old cloaths, so as she can get an estate for money to maintain her mother; I never knew her in any scrape or quarrel or bad company before this.


                  William 
                  Coate 
               



            . I have known the prisoner since she was a child; I never knew any thing ill of her character in my life, no farther than she endeavoured to get a bit of bread for her mother in an honest way.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


