





8. (M.) 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  wife of John M'Clean




            , was indicted for that 


               she on the 11th of Nov.
 about the hour of one in the night, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Brown 
                        




                      
                  , did break, and enter, and steal one brass copper, value 15 s. three linen aprons, two small night-gowns, one swanskin blanket, one skirt of a coat, one wooden tub, the goods of the said James in his dwelling house
            . ++


                  James 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live in Wapping


. My house was broke open between the 11th and 12th of Nov. My washhouse is part of my dwellinghouse; I fastened the shutter of it up with a cord, the cord was cut, and the things mentioned taken out of the washhouse.


                  Jane 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am wife to the Prosecutor; we went to bed on the 11th of Nov. betwixt ten and eleven. There were two night gowns of my child's, three aprons, a blanket, and table-cloth in a tub. When I got up in the morning about six o'clock they were all gone; the copper was taken out of the brickwork and gone, the window open. After this, I met the prisoner with one of the aprons on, and knowed it directly, it was made out of an old check shirt of my husband's. She said she found it in the channel; after that, she said she found it in two other places. We took her before Justice Gore, she confessed which way she got it. She said two men, 
               
                  James 
                  Sinclare 
               



            , and another, got in; and she received the things over the pales. She was asked where she sold them? she said she would not tell, except the Constable would go with her, then she would shew him the house where she dried the apron, and that was part of the goods. We never found any of the things except this apron.


                  William 
                  Pendery 
               



            , and Elizabeth Nelson, who lodge in the house, gave an account of the breaking, &c.


                  Alexander 
                  Matzruk 
               



            . I am a constable. Mrs. Brown came and told me the prisoner had her apron on. I went, the prisoner had throw'd it down. I heard her say, that cursed apron.
Prisoner's Defence.


                  James 
                  Sinclare 
               



             came to me, and desired I would sell the brass copper; I went with his wife, we sold it; she gave me three-pence and this old apron. I would have gone with any person and shewed them Sinclare, but they would not go.




               Guilty Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


