





423. 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Bailey 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one perriwig, val. 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Clark 
                  




                
            , July 2
.



                  Henry 
                  Peak 
               



            . I live in the Broad-way, Westminster. I am a perriwig maker, the prisoner came to work with me the very same day, July 2. I went to shave a customer, and he was gone when I returned, and the wig too; he had not been with me above four hours.
Q. What sort of a wig was it?
Peak. It was a black bob cut wig, the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Clark 
               



            , a painter. It lay in buckle in my shop.
Q. How long had you been absent?
Peak. I believe about a quarter of an hour, my Lord.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner at the bar?
Peak. Because, my Lord, he confessed the taking of it before the justice, the constable and me, where he sold it, and for what. I was with the man yesterday, he is a waggoner; he said the next return he would bring it up: it was sold for three shillings.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all of the wig. I had been drinking all day; his wife wanted me to fetch her half a quartern of soap, which I resented, and went out; I met a friend, who asked me if I would drink a pint of beer; I staid about three or four hours, so I thought it not worth my while to return. He is a very scandalous man in regard to his journeymen, which was the reason I would not work with him.
To his character.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Watson 
               



            . I brought the prisoner up, I never heard any body charge him with such a thing in my life before.


                  Alice 
                  Morphet 
               



            . I know nothing but that the prisoner is a very honest person before this thing happened, I have known him ten years.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


