





608. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Dells 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Marlow 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , October 16
. ++


                  John 
                  Marlow 
               



            . On Wednesday last, about eight at night, going over London Bridge


, under the Plazzas, where it was darker than ordinary, I felt something touch against my thigh. I put my hand down very quick, and felt the prisoner's hand in my pocket; I catched him by the wrist; he immediately gave the handkerchief a sudden snatch, I believe it was then out of my pocket at his snatching, and that he had conveyed it from his left hand to his right, and thrown it behind him; I turned round and took him by the collar, and said he had robbed me. I found my handkerchief behind the Piazzas on his right side, lying on the ground, it was not above a foot from the place where I stood. He made some struggle to get away from me. I saw two fellows coming up, I ran him into a shop; the gentleman seemed to be a little displeased; but I said, I'll tell you what is the matter in a minute; then these two men I saw pushed in before me. I desired the gentleman to shut the door, which he did; when I had told the gentleman, he was so good as to lend me his man to assist me to the watchman. The two fellows followed me. I went to a constable's house, but he was not at home; so we took him, by the assistance of one 
               
                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            , into St. Magnus's church; he was searched, and seven handkerchiefs found upon him. He was committed to the Compter, and the next day, when we came to carry him before the sitting alderman, he confessed, before me and the goaler, that he had taken to picking pockets for two months; that he sold them in Rag-fair for threepence and fourpence each. There was nobody but him near me when I lost mine.
Q. When had you seen your handkerchief last ?
Marlow. I had not touched it since I came from the Exchange just before.
The handkerchief produced in court with the prosecutor's name marked on it, and deposed to.


                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            . I assisted Mr. Marlow to take care of the prisoner. I searched him in St. Magnus's church, and found seven handkerchiefs upon him. I heard him say he had followed the trade of picking pockets about a month, and that he sold them in Rag-fair for two-pence, four-pence, six-pence, or what he could get. When Mr. Marlow charged him with taking his handkerchief, he acknowledged that he did; he said he used to drive cattle two days a week to Smithfield-market, and the other four he used to pick pockets.
Prisoner's Defence.
The other seven handkerchiefs I found going over London Bridge in a bundle, and I was going to advertise them; the other I am not guilty of

Q. to Ward. Were the handkerchiefs tied up together, you took out of his pocket?
Ward. They were all separate. I found them one by one.
Q. What sort of handkerchiefs are they?
Ward. They were old linen handkerchiefs, except, I think, two silk ones.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


