





165. (L.) 
               
                  Eliot 
                  Singor 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen sheet, value 5 s. and two linnen table cloths, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sidgesman 
                  




Tanner
, March 20
. ++.


                  Margaret 
                  Tanner 
               



            . I live in the Tower


, between the 18th and 21st of March I lost two table cloths and a sheet.
Q. Did you ever see them again ?


                  Margaret 
                  Tanner 
               



            . I have one sheet here, which I know to be one of them, ( producing it) the other witnesses will give a farther account.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Partridge 
               



            . My husband is a soldier, so is the prisoner, I was going on Monday was 7-night to carry his supper in the Tower. I saw the prisoner; he said he wanted me to carry out a sheet to sell or pawn; it was wet, and he desired me to dry it, and gave it me (this is it here produced.) I took it to my own room, I live in Blue-anchor-yard. I went to the Tower next morning to inquire if any body had lost a sheet, and after that to the serjeant-major, and told him of it, and said I should keep it till I heard of an owner for it. The serjeant-major found out the owner.


                  Samuel 
                  Mott 
               



            . On Wednesday the 22d of March, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Partridge 
               



             came to me, and told me that the prisoner had given her a sheet to sell or pawn, and she thought it not his own, so thought it her duty to acquaint me with it. I went to the prisoner, and told him I heard he had some linnen to sell, he denied it, then I said I could produce a sheet he had given a woman to pawn; then he acknowledged he had given it her to pawn. I asked him how he came by it. first he said his wife had brought it to the Tower to dry, being turned out of her lodgings. I sent a serjeant for his wife, and examined her before her husband's face; she declared she had not a sheet in the world, and had never seen it before then. I put him in prison, and by inquiring, found Mrs. Tanner had lost a sheet.
Q. to Mrs. Tanner. Had you seen the prisoner in your house?
Mrs. Tanner. I never did to my knowledge; my linnen was hanging up in the garret in my own house to dry, and it was very easy to get in at the window, which we have secured since.
Prisoner's defence.
Going to do my exercise on Monday between ten and eleven o'clock, there was a dog that belongs to the drill corporal, that is apt to fetch and carry; somebody threw a stone behind a piece of timber in the tower, the dog ran after it, and made a barking, having something that he could not bring away, so I went to see what it was, and found a sheet lying there, which I took and put under my coat, and brought it away.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


