





313. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Swift 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he on the 22d of August
, about 12 at noon, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Stevens 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, no person being therein, and stealing out thence one gold ring, value 12 s. and one iron tobacco-box, value 1 d. his property
            . ||


                  James 
                  Stevens 
               



             . I live upon Ricelup-Common


 . I was at work in the fields on the 22d of August. I went out about five, and returned about seven at night. I found my fore-door open; a staple of the door was drawn out, and the bolt but just shot into the hole; I did not miss the ring that night . One 
               
                  John 
                  Field 
               



             went to give me a bit of tobacco , and I own'd the box he pull'd out; he told me he'd had the box a month. I do not know when it was taken away; I searched, and missed the ring, on the Sunday, from out of a drawer up-stairs.
Q. When had you seen it last?
Stevens . Not for six weeks. I had that again of one 
               
                  William 
                  Stonely 
               



            .
Q. Where is he?
Stevens . He is not here. I took up the prisoner on the Monday ; he own'd he took the gold ring and iron tobacco-box, some bread, and some pork, out of my house; he own'd he had sold the ring about three weeks before that Saturday. The boy lives next door to me, with his father.
Q. Did you threaten or coax the boy to confess?
Stevens. No; not either.


                  Mary 
                  Stevens 
               



            . The prisoner own'd he stole my gold ring out of a drawer, and sold it to 
               
                  George 
                  Clark 
               



             . I had it again of one Mr. Stonely; but they are none of them here.
Q. How old is the prisoner?
M. Stevens. They say he is in his 14th year.


                  William 
                  Scarsbrook 
               



            . I am constable, and took the boy up the 18th of 
               
                  August 
                  The 
               



             boy owned he did steal the ring, and had sold it to one 
               
                  George 
                  Clark 
               



             for a shilling; but it was found at one Stonely's house on our Common. (The ring produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor's wife.)
Q. Was the boy threatened?
Scarsbrook. No; not at all.
Q. How came you to go to Stonley's for it, if it was sold to Clark?
Scarsbrook. Because Clark said he had sold it to him.
The prisoner had nothing to say for himself.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


