





370. (M). 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Richardson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth great coat, val. 4 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Tomlins 
                  




                
            , July 7
. ++.


                  Ann 
                  Rawlins 
               



            . I live at the Grey-hound-inn, in Smithfield; I saw the prisoner come into the house of Mr. Belchamber, and steal the great coat out of a place where they hung them, he drew it out of a hole that is made to give light, and he brought it out under his arm, I call'd to 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Totham 
               



            , to take him, and he took him with the great coat under his arm. (The coat produc'd in court, and depos'd to.)


                  Benjamin 
                  Totham 
               



            . I took the prisoner with the coat under his arm, he own'd he was in a fault and was fuddled ; I took him and the coat into the tap-house house, and kept him confin'd till my master came home.
Q. Look at the coat and see who it belongs to.
Totham. It belongs to one 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Tomlins 
               



            , a salesman, we then took him to the watch-house, from thence to the Compter, and afterwards he was committed to Newgate.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have a brother that came from Leicester last Tuesday was fortnight, and on Thursday he went down again, but he did not expect to go so soon; he told me he had left a great coat behind him upon the paved stones, I enquired at the King's-head, but they could give me no information of it, then I went to this house, in at the back way, I saw a coat hang out of a hole, there was nobody but the maid, and a woman in the gallary, I took it out, thinking it was my brother-in-law's coat, the man stood at the door, and ask'd where I was going with the coat, I said no where; then he swore a great oath, and said, I should stay till his master came home, which I did.
Q. to Totham. Are you servant there?
Totham. I am chamberlain and have been so for a great many years.
For the prisoner.


                  Richard 
                  Watkins 
               



            . I have known the prisoner upwards of a twelve-month, I do believe, indeed, my lord, he is a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Pool 
               



            . I and the prisoner have been fellow servants together. I have known him above five years, we are hackney-coachmen
, the prisoner always bore the character of a very honest man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


