





4. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Dust 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        Lockhart 
                        Gordon 
                     




                   , privately from his person
            , October 26
. ++
Lockhart Gordon. On the 25th or 26th of October, about eleven at night, I came out of the Bedford-Head coffee-house, Covent Garden


, and walking under the piazzas by myself I felt something pull my handkerchief out of my pocket, so I immediately turned about and saw my pocket handkerchief in the prisoner's left hand ; I seized him by the breast, but he turned his body to prevent my seeing the handkerchief, and dropped it on the ground; I saw it fall ; upon which I told him he had picked my pocket of my handkerchief, and he should go before justice Fielding; he said he had not, and refused to go. He pointed at another man, saying it was him that picked my pocket and flung the handkerchief under his arm. I saw a parcel of ugly fellows about me: I seized him by the collar, drew my sword, saying I was more than a match for him, took him into the Bedford coffee-house, and sent for the playhouse guards who were not then gone.
Q. How far was this from the Bedford coffee-house ?
Gordon. It was about thirty or forty yards.
Q. Was it light enough to discern the prisoner's person?
Gordon. It was (the lamps being lighted) very light. I took him to justice Fielding's, who was in bed and refused to get up; this gave the prisoner fresh courage, who used me very abusively saying, that he would blow my brains out, or words to the same purport.
Q. from the prisoner. How near was I to him when he missed the handkerchief ?
Gordon. If he did not touch my shoulder, he was as near as he could stand.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
Gordon. No, my lord, not to my knowledge.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going thro' Covent-Garden piazzas, and a young fellow ran away at the same time; there was also a great crowd about the gentleman when the handkerchief was lost.

For the Prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Parnel 
               



            . I am a blacksmith, and live in St. James's, Soho ; I have known the prisoner ever since he sucked at his mother's breast, but never know any harm of him.


                  Martha 
                  Parnel 
               



            . I am wife to the other witness, and have known the prisoner 18 or 19 years, but never heard any ill of him in my life.


                  Martha 
                  Holland 
               



            . I live in St. George's, Hanover-Square, and have known the prisoner 15 or 16 years, but never knew any harm of him.


                  Anne 
                  Robertson 
               



            . I am servant at the Faulcon at Hide-Park-Corner, and have known the prisoner many years, but never heard he wrong'd any body.


                  John 
                  Millers 
               



            . I have known him about nine or ten years, and have worked with him at a great many jobbs; he is a labourer ; I never heard any harm of him.


                  Ann 
                  Millers 
               



            . I am wife to the last witness, and have known the prisoner eight or nine years, but never knew any ill of him.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


