





357. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hanby 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 5 l. in money number'd
            , the money of 
               
                  John 
                  Keeling 
               




             , Esq;

August 17
. ++
Mr. Cox. I am clerk to Mr. Keeling the brewer
. On Tuesday the 16th of August, in the afternoon, I told up some halfpence, in five shilling papers, which was taken for yeast and small beer; the exact quantity I canot swear to, I believe there might be about six or seven pounds in halfpence, and near three pounds in silver, which lay loose on the table, at the end of the desk. In the evening I fasten'd the window shutters, and double lock'd the door between seven and eight, and left the money there. In the morning, between six and seven, I found one of the window shutters had been wrench'd open, and all the silver and halfpence, except forty shillings, were taken away. In the afternoon, on the Wednesday, my brother clerk came to me at a publick-house where I dined, and told me he had a suspicion of the prisoner at the bar. He did work at our house, as a trencer, last winter, in the room of a man that was ill, We got a warrant of justice Welch to take him up on suspicion, and took him up at his lodgings in Little Swan Alley. He and his wife made great protestations, upon our charging him, that they knew nothing of the affair. There was a chest in the room which we desired to see the inside of. They said they had lost the key, and would not by any means open it. Then I order'd the constable to break it open, which he did, and in it we found nine five shilling papers of halfpence. ( Produced in court.) I believe them to be the papers of my doing up, and which were lost that night; they are in the same package. Here is some silver which was taken out of his pocket. ( Producing eight shillings and six pence, and two pennyworth of halfpence.) We lodg'd him in New-Prison that night, and the next morning we took him before justice Welch. Going along we ask'd him how he came by these halfpence. He said, you know how I came by them. He confessed the fact before the justice, and said, he was afraid of being arrested, so he took them.


                  John 
                  Clark 
               



            . I am a headborough. On the 17th of August I had a warrant brought me to take the prisoner up. I took him, and in his pocket found eight shillings and eight pence. I gave charge of him to another person that is here, and went to searching found the room, and in a little room, on the same floor, there was a chest, which I desired his wife to open. She began to shuffle, and said she had lost the key. Then I broke the chest open, and in it I found these halfpence. The next day, when he was charg'd with taking the money, he own'd he did not come honestly by it, and before the justice he own'd the fact; he said this money was the property of Mr. Keeling, before Mr. Cox, Mr. Brown, and me.


                  William 
                  Brown 
               



             confirmed that of his confession.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been drinking, and got a little more than what did me good; and coming home, whether I met with any friends or foes I can't tell, I happen'd to fall asleep by the place; somebody came and awak'd me, and in a hurry and fright I thought to get over the wall, and go to sleep in some of the stables. I some how or other got into this compting house, whether any body was with me or not I don't know, and how I got the halfpence that are alledg'd against me I can't say, nor I don't know the quantity; I put them in my apron, and got to my door, and fell asleep. The watchman came and awaken'd me. I went into my room and put the halfpence in my apron under my bed.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


