






140, 141. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bell 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fish 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the first for 


               ripping, stealing, and carrying away, a piece of leaden gutter, value 40 s. fixed to a dwelling-house, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Dickerson 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        Rivers 
                        Dickerson 
                     



; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , February 3

. ++


                  Benjamin 
                  Gardner 
               



            . There was a piece of a leaden gutter taken away; it was fixed on the premises belonging to me, the property of Samuel and Rivers Dickerson.
Q. What length was it?
Gardner. It was 8 foot by 2.
Q. Did you ever meet with it again?
Gardner. I did, in the bed-chamber of the prisoner Fish; I had suspicion of Bell; he was taken up and charged with taking it, and he confessed he had taken it and sold it to Fish.
Q. What is the value of it?
Gardner. It is laid in the indictment at 40 s. but it cost a great deal more.
Q. What did Fish say, when you found the lead in his bed-chamber?
Gardner. He said his wife took it in, and he knew nothing of it 'till he came home; and he hoped I would excuse him; then I charged the constable with him on the fourth of February, and he ran away, but we found him at last, about a week after.
Q. Did he make any confession.
Gardner. No; Bell said Fish shewed him the gutter, and desired him to go and get it; and that Fish by this means drew him in.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Gardner 
               



            . I am wife to Mr Gardner; I was present when the lead was found in Fish's bed-chamber with a search-warrant; Fish was asked if he was acquainted with Bell? he said no, he was not, only he once bought a trowel of him. He was at home at the time his house was searched, but he said he was not at home at the time that the lead was brought to his house.


                  Benjamin 
                  Jones 
               



            . I happened to be at the Black Raven in Chick-lane; there I saw Bell and Fish together; I heard Bell say he was come to him for some money that he owned him for lead. I observed them in close conference together; and upon hearing the prosecutor had lost some lead, I made this discovery, upon which they were taken up. (The lead produced in court) When Bell was taken up, he was asked if he had any body to give him a character, or be bound for his appearance; he sent for Fish, who said he would be bail for him, that he should make his appearance the next day; and by Fish's behaviour we suspected he was concerned in it some way or other; and upon talking to Bell a good deal, he owned he took this very lead off of Mr Gardner's house, and told us where he had carried it, that it was at Fish's house.


                  John 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I keep the sign of the Black Raven in Chick-lane; Bell came into my house at the time Mr Jones speaks of, and I looked narrowly at him; he answered the description that was given of a man that had been seen on houses which were stripped of lead; and by his appearance and manner of behaviour by looking into the windows of the house before he went in; he saw Fish and came in, and Fish and he were together a good deal. I fetch'd Mr Jones, and told him I suspected Bell was the man that had stole the lead; and after Fish was gone, I went to stop Bell, he said he'd give me a punch in the face if I would not let him go immediately; but we secured him; then we went to Fish's shop to search for lead.
Q. What shop does Fish keep?
Thomas. He keeps an old iron shop; but it did not appear that he sold lead in it; we found this lead in the shop, but was under a difficulty in measuring of it. Then we went and measured the place that it was taken from, and found the gutter exactly corresponded with the place it was taken from; and it appeared to have been taken but a very little time before; the lead was carried into Fish's bed-chamber, for the more ease in spreading it to measure it.
Bell's Defence.
I was going home; I met with Fish; he asked me to drink with him; we had three full pots of beer; he desired me to lend him a hand; I thought it might be to strike upon his anvil, as he appeared like a Smith; he had me in at an empty house, and he pulled out some lead; it was milled; we carried it home to his house, and he gave me eight shillings; and he desired me to bring any thing to him by night, and said, he would buy it the next day; I thought when I came to consider of it, that there were something bad in it, because he gave me so much money.
To his character.


                  Joseph 
                  Saunders 
               



            . I have known Bell this twelve months.
Q. What are you?
Saunders. I am a labourer, he worked for the same master as I did.
Q. What is his general character?
Saunders. He always bore an honest character.
Q. How long is it ago since you worked with him?
Saunders. It is about three months ago.
A witness. I have known Bell upwards of twenty years.
Q. What is his general character?
Witness. He always bore a good character: he is a Bricklayer
 by trade: I have known him down to this time.
Fish's Defence.
This man (meaning his fellow-prisoner) has gone by the name of Hopson; a woman was in my house when he came with the lead; I was not at home; when I came home they told me a man had brought some lead; I said, after I saw it, you should not have bought it; she said, she had neither bought it nor bargained for it; I said, I would go to Mr Thomas's house, and when the man came there to send him to me; he came; they sent him; I asked him what he wanted; he said, he had brought some lead, and wanted some money; I said, I had seen the lead, and did not like it, and did not care to meddle with it; he said, I need not be afraid of buying it, for it was honestly come by; I said, he should not go out of the house; Mr Thomas sent his wife for Mr Jones; Mr Jones came; they sent for a Constable, and there was a dispute who should charge him; they said, it was my place to charge him, which I did; then we sent him to the Counter. In the mean time I asked him several times, if my wife had either bought or bargained for it: he answered me no, not only once, but several times.
To his character.


                  Sarah 
                  Goff 
               



            . I remember some lead being brought to Fish's house between three or four o'clock in the afternoon, on the 3d of February.
Q. What shop does Fish keep?

Goff. He keeps an Old-Iron shop
: the lead was wraped up in something white; I believe it was an old leather apron.
Q. Who was in the house at the time ?
Goff. There was only Mrs Fish and me; the man wanted to weigh it; Mrs Fish said, her husband was not at home, and she had nothing to do with it, he must come again when her husband was at home; he asked when he would be at home, and went away and left it there.
Q. How did he bring it ?
Goff. He brought it on his shoulder.
Q. What is Fish's general character?
Goff. I never heard any thing dishonest by him.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Carter 
               



            . I have known 
               
                  John 
                  Fish 
               



             almost two years.
Q. What is his general character?
Carter. I believe him to be a very honest man, he always paid me very honestly.


                  Lydia 
                  Carrol 
               



            . I have known 
               
                  John 
                  Fish 
               



             about twelve months, he is a hard working man for his children.
A witness. I have known him some time; I look upon him to be an honest man.
Both 

               guilty
            . * 
* See Fish tried for stealing a Scale-Beam, privately in the Warehouse of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Gibson 
               



             in Leather-lane, Holbourn. No. 286, in Sir 
               
                  Charles 
                  Asgill 
               



            's Mayoralty.





[Transportation. See summary.]


