





431. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Archibald 
                     Macdaniel 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Galaway 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Stevens 
                     



 the elder, June 10
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I live with my father, he is a watchmaker and silver smith in Aldgate high street


; on Saturday the 8th of June, about seven in the evening, the prisoner came to buy goods, he wanted an ounce of gold rings (I thought that was very odd) then he said he wanted two or three watches, and that he should want some stone sleeve buttons; I shewed him several cards of buttons, he said he wanted some of another price, which we had not; then he said he'd call on Monday at 11 o'clock; he called on Monday, I had not an opportunity to get some buttons; I told him if he'd stay I'd go and fetch two cards of buttons; there were two watches lying on the board where I work about two or three yards from him; I told him I should be back in about five minutes; I came back with the buttons in about ten minutes; my brother Samuel was in the shop, the prisoner was gone; my brother said he was gone to drink a pint of beer at the Turk's Head, and would return presently; I bid him go over for him, he did, and returned and said he was not there; I went to sit down at my work and I missed a watch, I had laid it ready to go about; the name was Williamson.
Q. Was it there when you went out?
Stevens. It was with another which was then there; my brother told me this chap sat down after I was gone within about a yard from the watches.
Q. Whose property was the watch you missed?
Stevens. It was the property of one 
               
                  Robert 
                  Galaway 
               



            , he brought it to be mended; after I missed it I could not recollect where it was; about a week after Mr. Galaway came for it; we had, as usual, given him a note upon the delivery, which he brought with him; from that I took the name and number upon a piece of paper, and searched the shop all over, and could not find it; about three or four days after we advertised the name and number, &c. Mr. Tombs, the constable of St. Margaret's Westminster, sent us word we might see it if we came to him, he had advertised the watch before; my father and I went and swore to the watch; the constable asked me if I thought I should know the man; I said I should; we went to the Gatehouse, and from amongst a number of people I pitched upon him directly, I am certain of him. The watch produced in court and sworn to.


                  Andrew 
                  Johnson 
               



            . The prisoner used to come to my house; he came on the 11th of last month and was offering to pawn this watch in the neighbourhood; I bought it of him for 30 s. when he was taken up for a thing in the neighbourhood the people asked him how he came by his clothes; he said he sold his watch and bought them with the money; then I advertised the watch at my own cost; after that I saw Mr. Stevens's advertisement.


                  Peter 
                  Tombs 
               



            . On the 12th of June I was called by Mr. Griffice that keeps a toy-shop in Angel-court, to take the prisoner in custody; he was examined upon a thing he was taken up for; he said he had sold his watch to Mr. Johnson; Mr. Johnson was sent for; the prisoner said he bought it in St. Paul's church-yard for three pounds, or three guineas.


                  Samuel 
                  Stevens 
               



             being in the shop when his brother, went for the two cards of buttons, confirmed the account he had given.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought this watch of a Jew.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


