





263. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brightman 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 2 l. 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Arthur 
                           Watts 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Shaw 
                     



, April 10
. *
Arthur Watts. On the 9th of April I was at the Golden-cross near Charing-cross


, the house of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Shaw 
               



            ; I lay there that night, when I went to bed I hung my watch upon a nail, and miss'd it the next morning about half an hour after five o'clock. The prisoner is a soldier
 that was quarter'd in the house; I took him upon suspicion; going to take him to the Justice he confess'd he had taken it, and pawn'd it with one Walbank, in Angel-court Westminster, for a guinea and a half.


                  James 
                  Walbank 
               



            . I took this watch in of the prisoner, and lent him a guinea and a half upon it, on Good-Friday, about nine o'clock in the morning.


                  Peter 
                  Colman 
               



            . I am constable: I went with the prosecutor to the pawn-broker's house, he deposed to the prisoner's confession, and produced the watch; the prosecutor mentioned the name and number, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chambers 
               



            , No 571, and depos'd to it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went up to bed about eleven o'clock; I found something under my feet in the passage going in, which was this watch, so I pawn'd it for a guinea and a half to Mr. Walbank.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


