





110. (M.) 
               
                  William 
                  Coupeland 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one piece of diaper, value 19 s. one counterpane, value 19 s. fifteen yards of long lawn, value 40 s. two yards of muslin, value 20 s. and eight yards of cotton, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Eyres 
                  




                
            , Feb. 4
. ++


                  Edward 
                  Eyres 
               



            . I live in York-Street, and am a linen draper
. The prisoner was my servant
. Some time ago I received intelligence that he kept a girl, and had made her several presents in the linen way, to a large amount, such as gowns, ruffles, aprons, handkerchiefs, and other things, and that he had took her a lodging in the Borough, and had afterwards removed her to this side of the water, and that if I would give myself the trouble to appoint some body to dodge him of nights I should find out where his girl lived, for he always went of an evening to her as soon as the shop was shut up. I had him dodged; it was to a grocer's shop in High-street, Bloomsbury. I found there was a girl that went sometimes by his name, and sometimes by her own; and that sometimes she passed for his wife, and sometimes not. Having missed several things, and could get no intelligence what was become of them, I consulted with Mr. Fielding what was most proper to be done. I got a warrant from him, and went to this grocer's house, on Saturday the 4th of this month, in the evening. We inquired if the girl was at home. There were two constables along with me. We were directed up two pair of stairs, where we found him and his girl together drinking of tea. I had intended to have secured him at my own house that evening, but he slip'd away unknown to me. I had a warrant also to take her up. I did not immediately tell him what I came for, but look'd about, and found some furniture in the room, which I thought to be mine. Then I desired the constable to take him to the coach, and keep him in it, which we had hard by, till I had spoke to the girl. Then I told the girl that the prisoner had rob'd me of some things, and desired she would shew me what things she had got. She shew'd me a great number of things, linen to near the amount of 50 l. we took them and him away. He own'd himself guilty upon my charging him with several things, and that he had rob'd me to a considerable amount of goods, as well as money.
Q. Did you mention the goods laid in the indictment?
Eyres. I am not certain that I mention'd them. I found every one of these things in his lodging. He call'd this his first fact, and beg'd on his knees that I would be favourable to him, and give him leave to transport himself. I carried him to my house, and insisted upon looking in his box, where I found divers goods, which he own'd he had taken, and that they were my property. He own'd the taking of others also, which he had disposed of. After this I took him to justice Fielding, and he was committed.


                  Thomas 
                  Caldwell 
               



            . I am a linen draper, and live at Brentford. I did once live with Mr. Eyres. He acquainted me he had received information that one of his servants kept a girl, to whom he had made presents to a considerable value, particularly printed cottons for gowns, and other wearing apparel, and said he should take it kind of me if I would go along with him to endeavour to take him up. We went together, with two constables, on Saturday evening, the 4th of this month, to High-street, Bloomsbury, and up two pair of stairs, at a grocer's shop, we found the prisoner and the young woman drinking tea together. After some little time, he desir'd that I and one of the constables would go down with the prisoner, and put him in the coach, while he examined the lodgings. I went, and left the prisoner in the coach, under the care of the constable, and returned to the lodging, and found the girl producing the things which Mr. Eyres has mention'd, and said the prisoner brought them there. I likewise heard Mr. Eyres say they were his property. I likewise saw Mr. Eyres's mark upon some of them, which I knew. There was a piece of draper, some cotton, a counterpane, some dimity, some Dutch linen, some muslin, and other things, which were delivered back to Mr. Eyres.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner confess any thing?
Caldwell. I did. I heard him say it was the first time; he acknowledged the fact, and beg'd for mercy.


                  Edward 
                  Eyres 
               



            , junior. I was with my father at finding the goods, and taking up the prisoner.
Q. Did you hear the account your father has given in court ?
Eyres. I did. It is all truth, and I know the goods mention'd in the indictment to be my father's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I only beg the mercy of the court.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


