





436. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Williams 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing sixteen pounds weight of lead, value 2 s. the goods of Sir 
                     
                        
                           Marmaduke 
                           Wyvill 
                        




                      
                  , Bart.
 fix'd to a certain dwelling house
            , Sept. 3
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Goading 
               



            . On Monday last an evidence that is here, (Binion) came to me and told me he saw a man on a house that belonged to Sir 
               
                  Marmaduke 
                  Wyvill 
               



            , taking the lead off from the window; I went there, and ordered him to bring two men with him, which he did; I ordered him to go in at the street door: as soon as they got in, they open'd the back door, and let us in, we went up stairs; there I saw some lead lying on the landing place, I then went up into the garret and found nothing there; then we went into the gutter, thinking to find the thief, but I was called down and told he was got out at the window; we took him, (it was the prisoner,) and carried him before justice Frelaing.
Q. Did he own any thing ?
Goading. No, he did not; when I was in the house last I saw the lead in its proper place.


                  James 
                  Binion 
               



             As I was at my father's house last Monday between three and four in the evening, I saw the prisoner at the bar on this house, it is opposite to my father's, he was taking the lead from off the middle garret window; I saw part of his body out at the window; then he came down to the one pair of stairs window and put his foot on the lamp-iron, which gave way. so he fell into the street: then he said he had broke his leg, I went and assisted him.
Q. Are you positive the prisoner is the man?
Binion. I am, my lord.


                  Eleanor 
                  Barrass 
               



            . I live servant in great Ormond-street


, near this empty house were the lead was removed ; I saw the prisoner at the bar with his head out at a window towards the street, he was taking off the lead; he did not take it quite off while I looked at him, it was fast at one end.
Q. Why did not you watch him till you saw him take it away?
Barrass, I thought he was a labourer employ'd there.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of the matter.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


