





325. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Cannington 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one gold watch and chain, value 15 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Towle 
                  




                
            , August 3
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Towle 
               



            . I live at Stoke Newington


, and by what Mrs. Towle related I found there were such circumstances which led me to suspect the prisoner (he work'd as a painter
 at my house, under Mr Brown) of having stolen a gold watch and chain; accordingly I took him up on suspicion, and carried him before justice Fielding, where he absolutely denied the fact; but the justice committed him to New Prison on suspicion. In the course of his examination it appeared, that the night the watch was taken away he lay at a house in Whitecross-street, with one 
               
                  Robert 
                  Rawson 
               



            , a painter. I desired Mr. Fielding to grant me a search warrant to search that house, and also another to take up Rawson's person. Upon the search warrant nothing was found. Rawson was taken up upon the other warrant, and Mr. Fielding committed him, I think, to Clerkenwell Bridewell. On the Friday following there was one Alvery Baker, a journeyman barber from Gracechurch-Street, came to me, and ask'd me whether I had not taken up a man on account of a gold watch and chain being taken from my house. I said I had. He said he could let me into the whole affair. I told him I was very willing to hear what he would say, if three things were agreed to; one was to have witnesses by to hear what he said, another was that he would suffer me to take it down in writing, and the third that he must not expect any sort of gratuity from me whatsoever. Then he told me that 
               
                  Robert 
                  Rawson 
               



             owed him a shilling, and he went to him to this house in Whitecross-Street, to ask him for it. When he came there Rawson call'd him out, and said he hoped he would stay for it a little while for he had got a thing that he hoped would fetch him fifty or sixty pounds, and then he could help him to his shilling; and he said that Rawson declared to him he received a gold watch and chain of Cannington, that he had hid the watch, broke the chain to pieces, and hid part of it with the watch. He went to justice Fielding and gave this information. The justice sent for Rawson, and he confirmed the information, and upon his directing as to the place where the watch was hid he was admitted an evidence. We went and found it accordingly, and here it is. (Producing in court a gold watch with a shagreen case, and part of the gold chain.)
Q. Where was that watch hid?
Towle. It was in a field just by Sir 
               
                  George 
                  Whitmore 
               



            's.


                  Sarah 
                  Towle 
               



            . I am wife to Mr. Towle. The prisoner was painting the outside of the window shutter in my chamber. About ten o'clock in the morning I locked my watch up in a drawer, knowing he was to come. About four in the afternoon I had an occasion to go to my drawer, where it then was, and in moving the things I removed it from one side of the drawer to the other, so that I am positive it was there then. After that I saw it no more, till it was found by the information of the evidence.
Q. Can you give an account which way the watch was taken out of the drawer?
S. Towle. There was a mark on the wood work of the drawer, and there was a notch made in the lock.
Q. Are you sure you lock'd the drawer?
S. Towle. I am certain of that.
Q. What time did you miss it?
S. Towle. I did not miss it till about nine in the evening.
Q. Was any other person at work there besides the prisoner that day?
S. Towle. No, there was not.
Q. Look upon this watch produced here.
S. Towle. (She takes it in her hand.) This is my watch.
Q. How long was he in your room?
S. Towle. He was in it a little after ten, and did not leave the room till about one. I sat below in the parlour, and heard him take his board in. I imagin'd he had done work, and was going to dinner, but instead of hearing him come down as I expected, he did not, so I went up to see what he was about. I found my chamber door shut, but not lock'd, and he was in the room in a good deal of confusion; he went to the window, seemingly to make an excuse to look out, after turning away from that part of the room where the chest of drawers stood. He then went away. I ask'd him what farther was to be done. He said his master had given him orders not to do any thing more in that room that day. He came again about half an hour after five in the afternoon, and staid till about seven; he was then in the room alone. He then went to finish the other two windows; there are four windows to the room. These two windows he had told me he was not to do any thing to that day, by reason of the weather that lay upon them.
Alvery Baker. I went to the White Swan in Whitecross-street, to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Rawson 
               



            , for a shilling he ow'd me; he desir'd me to hold my tongue, and said 
               
                  Lewis 
                  Cannington 
               



             had brought him a thing worth 50 or 60 l.
Q. Did you know Cannington before this?
Baker. I did. I ask'd him what it was. He said a watch and tweezers.
Q. to S. Towle. Had you tweezers to your watch?
S. Towle. No, I had not.
Baker. I said, as he had got it he might get rid of it as he could, for I would have nothing to do with it. The next day he sent for me to a publick house, shew'd me a piece of the chain, and desired me to fell some of it. He said he had hid the watch under a tree, in a field going to Newington. I beg'd he would keep away from me, but on the Saturday he sent a letter to me, wherein he told me he had sold some of the chain to a Jew in White-Chapel. On the Monday morning I went to Mr. Towle, and told him all that Rawson had said to me. I told the same also to justice Fielding. I could not tell where to find the watch. Rawson went in a coach (and I behind it) with others. Rawson shew'd them where the watch was, and Mr. Brown the painter took it out, and brought it to justice Fielding's.
Q. Was you there when the prisoner was examined?
Baker. I was, and he denied knowing any thing of it.


                  Robert 
                  Rawson 
               



            . The prisoner came to my lodgings, where were several other painters, at the Swan in Whitecross-Street. He said he heard I was lately come out of the country.
Q. When was this?
Rawson. I can't tell the day of the month; it was in August, about eight or nine o'clock.
Q. to prosecutor. When did you lose your watch?
Prosecutor. On the 3d of August.
Rawson. After some little time the prisoner beckon'd me to him in another box. I went. Then he said, '' Have you been so long in the country '' at a guinea a week, and can't wear a gold watch '' as well as I.'' I had then a silver one in my pocket. He took me out of the house and produced a gold watch. That was the same that is here produced. He left it with me, and I hid it in the ground; it has the name Bowles on the dial plate, and upon the work.
Q. Was there ever a gold chain to it at that time ?
Rawson. Yes, there was.
Q. Were there any twezers to it?
Rawson. No. He said it was too late for him to go home to Newington, so he ask'd me to let him lie along with me. I got liberty for him so to do. Then he told me he had two half crowns that he took from the same place where he took the watch, and that he saw the watch put into the drawer, and that he made use of an instrument which we use in our business, call'd a putty stick; it is made of iron, with which he wrench'd up the top of the drawers, and so got the drawer out, took out the watch, then held up the top of the drawers while he put the drawer in again, and it went chuck into its place again without hurting the lock.
Q. What became of the chain ?
Rawson. He gave that into my possession also; that when he went to work the next morning he might not have any thing about him to detect him.
Q. What did you do with the watch and chain ?
Rawson. I'hid them under a tree at Newington Green, near Sir 
               
                  George 
                  Whitmore 
               



            's.
Mr. Brown. I employ'd the prisoner in painting at Mr. Towle's house. This last witness told me where he had put the watch and chain. I went with him and others, and he shew'd me the place, and I took it out.
Q. from prisoner. Did I not leave all the things in the room that evening because it rain'd?
Brown. The things were left in the room.
Q. Did you bid the prisoner leave off painting that afternoon ?
Brown. The rain beat against two of the windows, so I bid him not to do them then; but he did do them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took this house to do of Mr. Brown, at so much money; I was to have nine shillings for doing the windows, and was obliged to take all opportunities for the weather; the reason of my leaving it and coming again at five was, the weather coming better. I desire Mr. Brown to speak of me what he knows.
Mr. Brown. He work'd for me about three weeks on and off. I have known him no longer. He never work'd for me a whole week together. I know nothing ill of him, but this thing.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


