





267. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Johnson 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cloath coat, value 10 s. one stuff damask waistcoat, value 10 s. and one cloath waistcoat
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Beard 
                  




                
            , June 3
. +.


                  Robert 
                  Beard 
               



            . Last Sunday night I lost a cloath coat, and two waistcoats, from on board a ship lying off New Crane, in the parish of Shadwell


, and found them again at 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Murphey 
               



            's, in Rag-Fair the next day.
Q. Did the prisoner belong to your vessel?
Beard. No, he did not, my lord. I was asleep when they were taken away, so I can give no further account.


                  Dennis 
                  Murphey 
               



            . On Monday last in the morning I bought this coat and 2 waistcoats, (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor) of the prisoner at the bar at my house.


                  Thomas 
                  Hermitage 
               



            . I am constable, and had the prisoner in my custody; I understood the captain's watch was taken from on board the ship at the same time; I asked the prisoner what he had done with it, upon which he delivered it directly to me, and said he took it out of the cabin.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been cast away, so came to London from Dever in a Gravesend boat; I went and laid down at New Crane Stairs, and fell asleep; I awaked, and found myself very cold, and saw these cloaths lying on a cask upon the stairs, I took them, and walked about till morning, and then went and sold them.



               Guilty
            .
There was another indictment against him for stealing the silver watch, but that not being laid capital, he was not tried upon that.




[Transportation. See summary.]


