







29, 30, 31. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Matth.ew 
                     Hope 
                  



                
            . 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Foster 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Howard 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 120 pounds weight of lead, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Cunnick 
                  




                
            , Dec. 13
. ++


                  George 
                  Cunnick 
               



            . 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Hope 
               



             was my servant
. I live in Abchurch-lane


, and am a plumber
. I had some mettle to melt that was very offensive, and ordered my man to come betimes in the morning. Last Tuesday he came just after three o'clock, and was let in about four. I was alarmed with constables and watchmen. I came down stairs, and one of them told me, they had taken two of my men with a great parcel of lead. They had brought Foste r, with his arms bound. Hope was at his fire melting. I told Foster, I had seen him before. He said, he used to come to bring messages to Hope, and that he had the lead of him; that one of his feet was in the shop, and the other out at the time, about an hour ago: and that there was another young man in the watch house that was with him. He said, they were to carry the lead to Hope's lodging at Islington. Then I charg'd a constable with Hope, he beg'd for mercy.
Q. Did he hear what Foster said?
Cunnick. He did. Then I went to the watch-house in St. Martin's le-Grand, and saw Howard, who told me the same that Foster did; that they had it of their master Hope. That he and Foster, lodged at the same house where Hope did, and that over night, Hope had asked them, if they could get up betimes and call him? he had a jobb for them, and should pay them; that they did, and came all three together, that when they got near my house, he planted them against the church wall, and gave them this signal, that when he shut the door, they were to come to it; Foster said, he was the first that came up; Howard said, he stood on the other side the way, and Hope carried his parcel to him, and put it on his shoulder. I then saw the lead, there was about a hundred and half of it, one piece of it is a large, deep sea lead, for a man of war, and there is fifteen ingots produced in court, and deposed to, all cast in the prosecutor's moulds. Howard is a countryman, he cry'd much, and said he was intraped into it.


                  John 
                  Clackliore 
               



            . I am a watchman, my stand is just going into Newgate-street, on Thursday morning, about 4 o'clock, I saw Foster and Howard coming with the lead, they were going down St. Martin's Le Grand. I ask'd them what they had got there ? they told me lead. That they were carrying it to Islington to a place call'd Prison Bars. I call'd to another watchman; we secured them in the watch-house, the constable examined them separately, they both said as the prosecutor has mentioned. Foster said he could tell us where they had it. Howard said he could not find the place again. We took Foster, he brought us to the prosecutor's-house. We knock'd at the door, Hope opened it. Foster said, that is he that gave us the lead. We asked Hope if he had any authority to give such persons lead, he said he had. Then we said we must speak with his master. He came down, we got a constable and watchman in that ward, and secured Hope


                  John 
                  Whitaker 
               



            , the constable and 
               
                  James 
                  Johnson 
               



             another watchman, confirm'd that of the last evidence.
Hope's Defence
I cast all the lead myself that very morning; master sent me on the monday morning to buy all the lead I could, we being to cast on Tuesday. I carried some on the Monday. I went as soon as I awaked, and carried the remainder of it. I melted it. I asked these two men over night if they would do a jobb for me. I told them when I had cast it, I would call them, they were to stay in the church yard. I call'd them in about 3 quarters of an hour, and gave it them to carry home, it being my own lead.
Foster's Defence.
I was at work for this man on the Monday, and at night he asked me if I could get up early in the morning, saying he'd satisfy me. I did, we went together to the prosecutor's house, when we came to the church, he bid us stop till he called us. When he called us we went, and he gave us the lead to carry to his room.
Howard's Defence
Hope asked me to go along with him, which I did. I did not know what I had to do, or what I had on my back, till I was stop'd.
For Hope.


                  Mary 
                  Bibby 
               



            . Hope lives in Goswell street, I live servant in the same house. Last Monday morning I was sent of an errand, to the Bell in Wood-street, with a letter betwixt five and six in the morning. When I got up he asked me to light a candle, I sawa matted basket in his room by him, I went down stairs and put out the candle. He came down with a basket on his shoulder, with something in it, that seemed troublesome. I went with him, and parted with him in Wood-street. I have been in the house about two years; I never know'd any thing of him but what was just and honest.
Mrs. Newark. I have known him seventeen or eighteen years; I never heard a bad character of him till now. And now I don't believe he was guilty of robbing his master.


                  John 
                  Crist 
               



            . I have known him about seven years and a half. I never heard any thing amiss of him.
Hope 

               Guilty
            , Foster and Howard both 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


