





298. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gaywood 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing ten buckskins, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        Henry and 
                           

                                    John 
                                    Bullock 
                                 











                  , privately in the warehouse of the aforesaid
            , February 19
. ++


                  Henry 
                  Bullock 
               



            . I live at Stanwell


, I am a leather dresser


 under my father and brother who are partners, on Tuesday the 19th of February between ten and eleven at night, our maid came in and told us our warehouse door was open, we took a candle and found it so; we went up into the warehouse, and searched to see if we could miss any skins, we found a hat which we thought belonged to the prisoner, he had lived with us servant, and left us about three months before; we brought it down stairs and double-locked the warehouse door. I went to bed, and the next morning the door was open again; then I went up and searched about and missed ten buckskins, which were put there over night, and I believe were there when I went to search about. Then we imagined the prisoner had stole them; we sent about for him, but could hear nothing of him till about a fortnight after; then we sent to him to come to us, he came, we taxed him very hard, and threatned to send for a constable, also we told him we would make it easy with him if he would tell us; he owned the fact, that he had opened the door and taken the ten skins away, and carried 5 of them to Wantage in Berkshire, and the other 5 he sold at Wheatly in Oxfordshire. I went to the last named place, and there I found them at one Mr. Radford's, four of them were cut into breeches, and one whole skin produced in court. There were the workmens private marks upon all the skins, I don't chuse to swear to the breeches, but I do to the whole skin.
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the court.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


