





230. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rode 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven linen shirts, value 40 s. seven muslin neckcloths, value 10 s. two pair of worsted stockings, two pair of cotton stockings, one pair of thread stockings, two callico night-caps, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Collings 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of Sir 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Downing 
               



            , Bart. April 7. *
John Collings. I had tied this linen up that is mentioned in the indictment, and more, into a bundle, in order to go to be washed on the 7th of April last; these are what we found again, (produced in court) we missed them between the hours of five and six in the afternoon. We had a suspicion of the prisoner at the bar, and took him up on Monday the 14th of April; he at first absolutely denied taking them. On the Thursday after he was re-examined, between which two days we had found out where he lodged, and went, and I found one of the night-caps in his lodgings; that night-cap being produced on his re-examination, and I swore to it; then he desired to speak with me in New-prison; I went there, and he gave me information where to find the following things; two shirts at Mr. Harrison's in Bride-lane, two shirts, two pair of stockings at Mr. Brown's a pawnbroker, one shirt, three pair of stockings, at Mr. Price's a pawnbroker's, one shirt, three neckcloths at Mr. Rawlins's. I went and found them all according to his directions.


                  James 
                  Stiles 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Harrison; the prisoner at the bar pledged two shirts with me; I delivered them again to Mr. Collings; I can't say I know them again, they have been out of my hands since. (The prosecutor looked them out of the parcel and deposed to them).


                  Thomas 
                  Slayter 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Crofton; I lent fifteen shillings to the prisoner at the bar upon two shirts, and two pair of stockings on the 8th of April, and have delivered them since to Mr. Collings.
Prosecutor. These are the same I received of this witness, (holding them in his hand).


                  William 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Brown; the prisoner pawned one shirt and two pair of stockings with me on the 8th of April; they were since delivered to the prosecutor, so I can't swear to them.
Prosecutor. These I received from Mr. Wilson, ( holding them in his hand ).


                  Samuel 
                  Slayter 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Price; the prisoner brought one shirt and three pair of stockings to me about the beginning of April; I asked him whose they were? he said they were a gentleman's servant's in Fleet-street; I said he must fetch that person; he snatched one pair of stockings up and went away; the next day he came to know if I would let him have them again; my master sent me for a constable, the which he got a knowledge of and ran away.


                  Catharine 
                  Tunnis 
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my room; the prosecutor came and inquired for him, he was not at home; the prosecutor asked me leave to go up into his room? I said he might; he went up and found this night-cap there, (here produced) but I don't know who brought it there.
Prosecutor. This is my property.
Prisoner's defence.
I will not give the court any more trouble; I am guilty of taking the things away to be sure, but I did not design to steal them.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


