





34. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lampart 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 1 pound and 3 yrs. of a pound of copper, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Shelton 
                  




                
            , Nov. 14
. ++


                  Christopher 
                  Shelton 
               



            . I am a brasier
. The prisoner was my journeyman
 about two months. On the 14th of November the prisoner was stop'd with some copper at the house of Mr. Child; he sent for me to know if I knew the prisoner. I said I did, he work'd with me; I was told there was some copper stop'd at his house, and the prisoner. I went and saw two saucepans unfinish'd, and some other pieces of copper. I have sworn the saucepans are mine. (produced in court, and a poled to) There is a piece of copper also, which he was at work upon the day before he was stop'd.
Q. How much copper is there of the two saucepans and that bit of a coal scoop?
Shelton. It makes in all about a pound and three-quarter. We took the prisoner before my lord-mayor the next day, but I did not swear to the thing; so he was remanded back to prison. On the Wednesday following I went again before my lord-mayor, and swore to them.
Q. Did the prisoner own at any time he took the copper?
Shelton. No, my lord, he did not.
Cross examination.
Q. What marks are on the copper?
Shelton. None. I know it by my own work, having a particular way in working.
Q. Why would you not swear then, and yet go and swear six days afterwards?
Shelton. I was very tender; and when I had made close inspection, I went and swore to it.


                  John 
                  Child 
               



            . I live in Barbican, am a founder. On the 14th of November last I was sent for home; and there was the prisoner at the bar stop'd with this copper. I told him I was of opinion the things he brought me were not honest come by.
Q. Did he offer you this to sale ?
Child. Yes he did. The I ask'd him where he work'd (for I had once or twice sent my servants to watch him, to know where he work'd, but they could bring no account.) The saucepans were brought about six weeks before he was stop'd; he came only with a bit of copper then. My wife bought the two saucepans of him.
Mrs. Child. I bought these two saucepans of the prisoner at the bar; I gave him 11 d. per pound for them.
Q. to Shelton. Are these your saucepans ?
Shelton. They are my property.
Mrs. Child. He was stop'd on the 14th of Nov. with a small bit of a coal scoop, which be brought to sell amongst other metal. There is a pound and 3 ounces of it. He was stop'd upon this. I sent for my husband home, and we charged a constable with the prisoner.
Q. to Mr. Child. Where did he say he work'd?
Child. He told me he served his time with a brasier at Newbury, in Berkshire; but I found he served his time in London. When I found he worked with the prosecutor, I sent for him. So it came out.


                  John 
                  Voyaled 
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutor. The piece of scoop and 2 saucepans are my master's property.
Prisoner's defence.
I have been a master for myself; and kept a house on the other side the water; they were all my own things (I had a great many things left when I left off.)


                  Christopher 
                  Eckland 
               



            . I have known the prisoner upwards of two years; he work'd at my shop, and behaved honestly during that time.


                  Samuel 
                  Brotherton 
               



            . I am a vintner. I have known him about five years; I never knew any ill of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Lampart 
               



            . I am his father. I gave him 50 l. last Midsummer was twelve months, and he has had some pounds since. He was set up on the other side the water, and when he laid by trade, there was some copper left.


                  John 
                  Wapperman 
               



            . I have known him about four months; he work'd with me, then he behaved very honestly.


                  Henry 
                  Gill 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was born. I never heard any thing of him but what was just and honest.
Mr. Batchelder. I am a turner. I have known him 14 years. I never knew any thing of him but what was honest.
Mr. Alexander. I have known the prisoner almost three quarters of a year; he lodged with me that time. I never heard a word of ill given him.
Mr. Steward. I have known him 8 or 9 years; he served his time where I work'd; he behaved well at that time.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


