






217. (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Brown 
               



             was indicted for that 


               he on the 14th of May

, about the hour of twelve in the night of the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Wilson 
                        



                      
                   feloniously did break and enter, one silver pint mug, value 3 l. two silver salts, value 14 s. one silver castor, value 5 s. seven silver tea spoons, value 7 s. one pair of silver tea tongs, value 3 s. two flat irons, value 2 s. five linen shifts, value 2 s. two ells of linen cloth, value 4 s. one pair of muslin ruffles, value 3 s. two razors, value 2 s. two penknives, value 2 s. two pair of scissars, value 1 s. one pair of nail-knippers, value 6 d. and twenty pound weight of bacon, the goods of the said Robert, in the dwelling house, did steal, &c.
            



                  Robert 
                  Wilson 
               



            . On Saturday was se'n-night I lay from home. In the morning my maid came to me, and told me something extraordinary had happened. I went home and found a ladder standing up against a window. I went in and found a desk broke open, and a cupboard where my plate used to be kept.
Q. What time did you come home?
Wilson. I came home about six in the morning.
Q. Did you find any part of your house broke?
Wilson. The window where the ladder stood was broke; there was a spout fix'd at the upper part of the window in such a manner that the casement would not open without breaking, the iron frame of the casement was bent, and the lock of the desk had the catch broke off.
Q. What did you miss out of the desk?
Wilson. I missed from thence two razors, a penknife, and a pair of knippers.
Q. What did you miss out of the cupboard?
Wilson. I missed a silver pint mug, two silver salts, six tea spoons, a castor, a pair of silver tea tongs (produced) these are my property. There were missing from other parts of the house a piece of bacon, about half a cheese, two flat irons, and some linen, but I don't pretend to know them. I leave them to my maid to speak to.
Q. What reason have you to charge the prisoner?
Wilson. I suspected him, and took him up on the Sunday, but not finding any thing material I sat him at liberty; he kept on working for me till the Thursday following, when I charg'd him again; upon talking to him a little, he took me into the fields to near Marybone workhouse, where he went upon a hay rick, and from thence roll'd me down all my plate and the other things in a sack. I took him and them home, and from thence to the justice.
Q. Did you make him any promise of forgiveness on condition he would tell you of your goods?
Wilson. I told him if he would let me know where my things were, I would do my endeavour to be as favourable as possible, after he had said, Provided I would give him a note that he should come to no damage, he would help me to my things again. The silver mug was squeez ed quite flat then, but it has been put to rights since.
Q. What did he say for himself before the justice of peace?
Wilson. There he was quite sulky and angry, and said but little.
Q. How long had he work'd with you?
Wilson. About seven or eight weeks, he was a weekly servant.
Emey Barker. I am servant to Mr. Wilson. On Saturday was se'n-night at night I was the only person that lay in my master's house.
Q. Was all made fast over night?
E. Barker. Knowing my master was not to be at home, I took more care than usual. I bar'd the windows, lock'd the doors fast, and made all safe, and went to bed at about eight o'clock.
Q. Did you hear any noise or disturbance in the night?
E. Barker. No, I did not,
Q. What time did you get up?
E. Barker. I got up betwixt five and six, I observed it was very light. I look'd out and saw the window open, and a ladder against it.
Q. Was the ladder against the window of your bed chamber ?
E. Barker. No, that was against a chamber window that we make a kitchen of. I ran immediately to the cupboard to see if the plate was there, and took the key out of my pocket to open it, but found it was open and the lock broke; then I ran immediately to my master's lodgings and call'd him up, and told him. (The linen produced.) These are all my master's property.
Q. Where was the linen taken from?
E. Barker. From out of the cupboard where the plate was. The two flat irons are my property, and one of the silver tea spoons; the other six and the rest of the plate are my master's.


                  James 
                  Haistings 
               



            . Mr. Wilson came to my house and told me he had been rob'd.
Q. When was this?
Haistings. It was the last time he took the prisoner up. We went to the prisoner's lodgings, and there we found two sacks, and took them to Mr. Wilson's house; the prisoner was in the brewhouse. We asked him how he came by the sacks, he said, I saw him go out of my house with one of them, I said I never let him have any. Then we told him we had reason to suspect he had rob'd Mr. Wilson, and we should take him up. Then he said he'd go along with us and shew us where the things were, if we would not do any thing to him; we went with him into the field behind Marybone workhouse, he got upon a hay rick and roll'd the plate and things down, then we came to Mr. Wilson's house, and brought him and the things here produced with us.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to work last Thursday morning about five o'clock, and saw a man on a hay stack; after he was gone, I got up, and saw some things that I thought were my master's. When I came to my master's I told him I thought I knew where some of the things were.




               Guilty of felony only
            .
He was a second time indicted by the name of John Brown, for 


               stealing one shirt, value 5 s. one pair of stone buttons, set in silver, value 2 s. one worsted cap, value 6 d. and 3 l. in money numbered, the goods and money of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Kirby 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Haistings 
                     



.


                  Thomas 
                  Crosby 
               



            . When the prisoner was before justice Welch about the plate and other things that he had rob'd his master Mr. Wilson of, Mr. Wilson sent for me, and I went with a search warrant to search his lodgings, where was a wallet which the prisoner had described. I took and brought it to the justice, Mr. Kirby was there; we opened the wallet, in which we found a pair of stone buttons, a cap and a shirt, which 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kirby 
               



             swore to.
Q. Where is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kirby 
               



            ?
Crosby. He is very ill at home.
Q. Have you any witness here that can prove they were taken out of the house of 
               
                  James 
                  Haistings 
               



             ?
Crosby. No.



               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


