





259. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jenkins 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 3d of March
 about the hour of eight at night, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Serjeant 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and did steal out thence three pair of cotton stockings, nine pair of worsted stockings, two silk and cotton handkerchiefs, and two shillings and three halfpence in money numbered
            , the goods and money of the said Samuel. *.


                  Samuel 
                  Serjeant 
               



            . I live in Whitechapel


 parish; the prisoner had been my servant
 about a month; I am a barber and periwig maker
. On the 3d of March I and my wife went out to dinner; the lodgers being all out, I locked the door and made all fast below, but when I returned between 11 and 12 at night found it broke open; a door that goes into the kitchen was wrenched open, and a window shutter that before was nailed up at a back window was pulled off, and the window left open. I missed twelve pair of stockings, two handkerchiefs, and two shillings and three halfpence.


                  Jonathan 
                  Eaton 
               



            . I am constable. The prosecutor came to me and said he had been robbed, and suspected the prisoner. I went with him and took him into custody; he owned he stole the stockings, and that they were in the room where he lay at Mrs. Mayfield's in Poplar. We went there, and found eight pair. [Produced in court and deposed to.] He begged his master would forgive him.


                  James 
                  Lenham 
               



            . I was with the prosecutor and last evidence in finding the goods, and heard the prisoner confess the taking them.
Prisoner's defence.
When I bought the stockings I had nobody with me, so I have no witness to call.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


