





36. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Webb 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three glass decanters value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Anson 
                  




                
            , Dec. 1
.* 
John Hopton. I have the management of the business for Mr. Anson, at the glass house in White-Friars


. We missed three glass decanters on the morning of the second of December. and the prisoner being suspected we took him up, when he confessed he committed the fact at 11 o'clock overnight; he said he broke three of the bars where was a hole, that he put in his arm and took them out, and that he was drunk at the time; but then he was sober, and knew what he said.
Q. Where did he make this confession?
Hopton. This was at an alehouse, near the glass house. He was asked what he had done with them. He said, he was affrighted afterwards, and he had broke them, and threw them down a bog-house. I set some people to searching that bog-house, which they did, and brought me the bottoms of four decanters.
Q. Where were these decanters taken from ?
Hopton. From out of a warehouse belonging to the glass-house.
Q. Did the prisoner work in that glass-house ?
Hopton. No; he was an apprentice
 to a person that did keep that glass-house, but he has been a very bad boy, and would not attend to business.


                  Richard 
                  Alexander 
               



            . I am a constable, and was call'd upon by Mr. Hopton to take the prisoner into custody, which I did, and carried him to an alehouse, where I asked him how it was. He said, I will tell you the truth, if I am hang'd for it; I did break the iron bars, and put my hand into the window, and took out three decanters, after I had watch'd the people from work. He said he was drunk when he did it, but was sober when he told it to me, and knew what he said.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


