





448. (L) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cook 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one gold ring, value 3 s. five linen caps, value 8 d. two linen handkerchiefs, value 6 d. one pair of ruffles, value 4 d. and five shillings and eight-pence in money number'd
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Alnutt 
                  




                
            , spinster
, October 8
. ||


                  Mary 
                  Alnutt 
               



            . I live with Mr. Clitherow, in Rose and Crown Court


. I went out, and left the prisoner the key of the door.
Q. What was the prisoner?
M. Alnutt. He was servant
 to Mr. Clitherow as well as I.
Q. The key of what door?
M. Alnutt. The chamber door where I lie. I went out about three o'clock, and return'd about five. The next morning I found the box was wrench'd open, when I missed a screw box, in which were five shillings and eight pence; I also missed a gold ring, a pair of ruffles, a half lawn handkerchief, and a half cambrick one.
Q. What is the value of the ruffles and handkerchiefs?
M. Alnutt. I reckon them all at 18 d. caps and all. I suspected the prisoner, so got a warrant and took him up, and the things were found at one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Fish 
               



            's house ( produced in court, and deposed to.)


                  Elizabeth 
                  Fish 
               



            . I live in Bishopsgate-Street, and work in the loom at ribband making. The prisoner came and call'd me from work, saying, his master had given him an old bedstead, and a great many other goods; he also produced five caps, which he desired me to go and pawn for him. I pawn'd them for 8 d. and brought him the money.
Q. Did you fetch them out again?
E. Fish. I did, I believe it was on the same day, and he was taken up the day following.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Johnson 
               



            . On Friday the 8th of October 
               
                  Mary 
                  Alnutt 
               



            , going out of town (as she told me) to see her father and mother, left the key with the prisoner, who lived in the same house, that her master should not lose the sale of any of his goods; she went out, and when she return'd she could not get into her room; in the dusk of the evening Mrs. Fish brought the key of the door, and said the prisoner gave it her to bring home. In the morning about eight o'clock I heard her scream out, making a sad complaint. I went up to see what was the matter, when she told me that all her money, her ring, some caps, handkerchiefs and ruffles, were gone. In turning over the things in the box we found a chissel, how it came there I can't say, but this is the very same chissel. (producing one.)


                  Edward 
                  Alnutt 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess before alderman Dickinson, that he rob'd my daughter of all the things mention'd in the indictment.
Q. Did he tell you what he had done with them?
Alnutt. He first said the ring was in Bishopsgate-Street, then in Leadenhall Street, and afterwards that he had sold it for a shilling.
Q. Did he say where he had the things from?
Alnutt. He said he broke the lock open by wrenching of it, and also that he had carried the caps to Mrs. Fish.
Prisoner's defence.
I was in liquor and know nothing of it, or what I did; it is the first time I ever did such a thing.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


