






50. 51. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Mardonock 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Holland 
                  



                
            , were indicted on two separate indictments, (and set to the bar together) for 


               willful and corrupt perjury
            , Oct. 25
. ++

The record of the conviction of 
               
                  Noland
               


             read in Court; the Jurors say guilty to be hanged by the neck 'till he is dead.


                  Thomas 
                  Gurney 
               



            . I took the minutes of the trial of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Nolan 
               



            , otherwise Nowland, last sessions in this Court. He was tried for firing of a pistol at Gustavus Forshohm, on September the 23d, the prosecutor swore it was done betwixt the hours of 8 and 9 in the evening. The prisoner in his defence said he had people in Court to prove that he was in their company, from 7 that evening 'till half an hour after 9. This made me take more notice of the two prisoners now at the bar, expecting I should be called upon to give an account of the evidence they gave at that time. I saw them both sworn: Macdonock was called first; he said, on a Saturday night, or that Saturday (I could not rightly distinguish) Nolan came to pay him some money for keeping his child; that night he gave him 3 s. 6 d. towards the maintenance of it, that they had some beef-stakes for supper, and they parted about 9 o'clock to the best of his knowledge; that there were his wife, and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Holland 
               



             in the room at the time, and that he lived in Hedge-lane. Then Sarah Holland was called, she swore she was at the house of Macdonock taking care of the children, that the then prisoner Nolan came in, it was on a Saturday night between 6 and 7 o'clock: that they had beef-stakes, butter, onions, and three pots of beer to supper; that she saw Nolan pay Macdonock some money for taking care of his child, and that Nolan went away about half an hour after 9 o'clock: that she went over the way to see what o'clock it was when he went away; it was understood by the Court, that they both meant Saturday the 23d of September, and the Jury desired they might be committed to take their trials for perjury. Nolan asked his landlord, who was next called, if he did not borrow 31 s. of him that Saturday night; but Cranley his landlord said it was not the Saturday, it was on the Friday night, meaning the day before Mr Forshohm was shot.
Gustavus Forshohm. I was shot by Nolan, who is now under sentence of death for it: on the 23d of September betwixt the hours of 8 and 9 in the evening, there were four persons attacked me.


                  Mary 
                  Preston 
               



            . I am wife to one of the four persons charged with this offence; I saw Nolan with the rest of them at our house about seven o'clock that night, they returned a little before nine, all but Dawson, who was taken and made an evidence: my house is in Glastonbury-Court, Long-Acre.


                  John 
                  Bell 
               



            . I found a pistol in Hanover-square the next morning.
Macdonnoc's defence. The child was left with me, and Nolan came that Saturday night and paid me 3 s. 6 d. this woman and I had both subpoena's from Nolan to come.
Both 

               Guilty
            .






[Pillory. See summary.]







[Imprisonment. See summary.]







[Transportation. See summary.]


