







103, 104. (M. ) 
               
                  
                     Lawrence 
                     Gorman 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Walker 
               



             , were indicted for 


               stealing one gold watch, value 10 l. the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Smith 
                     



                   , privately from his person
            , Jan. 18

. ++


                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



            . I live in Gray's-Inn Lane, and am a distiller
. On the 18th of January I think it was, I went to the Fox, in Fox-Court



. I had my watch there. Coming out of the house three or four people jostled against me, and I lost a gold chased watch with a shagreen case, and a ribbon to it. This was about 200 yards from my own house. It was very dark, so I can't pretend to swear to any particular person. I had looked at it but a few minutes before I came out of the house.


                  Leonard 
                  Yates 
               



            . I know the two prisoners very well, but I can't swear to Walker, because he had a great coat on, button'd up to his chin.
Q. Do you know the prosecutor?
Yates. I never saw him till to-day. I was going up Holbourn, and saw Gorman come running out of Fox-Court about five weeks ago. I ran after him and said, what hurry are you in, Larry. He said, we have just touch'd. Another person that ran with him said, '' Is it white or yellow? '' That was an Irishman by his tongue. There was a woman with them. He held it up to a lamp, and I saw a ragged black ribbon to it, and only a key. I asked him afterwards, what he had done with it ? He said, he had sold it.
Both 

               acquitted
            .
Gorman was a second time indicted for 


               stealing a gold repeating watch, value 80 l. a gold chain, and four gold seals, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edmund 
                           Nugent 
                        



                      
                  , Esq
; privately from his person
            , November 10

. ++


                  Edmund 
                  Nugent 
               



            . I lost a gold repeating watch last king's-birth day, as I was coming out of St. James's



, about two o'clock in the afternoon as I suppose, when I was pressing through the crowd; but I was not sensible of its going. I missed it about half an hour after. Then I recollected I had been jostled in the crowd.
Q. What have you to charge the prisoner with?
Nugent. I have no reason to suspect him. I can't recollect his face.
Q. Have you seen your watch since?
Nugent. No, I have not.


                  Leonard 
                  Yates 
               



            . I cannot swear to the gentleman's face, he was walking just by the chapple upon the paved stones at St. James's, on his majesty's birth day about two o'clock; there were South, Elgrove, Brown and his wife, and a Jew, I don't know his name: South faced the gentleman, and gave him some pushes.
Q. Look at this gentleman, do you know him? ( meaning the prosecutor)
Yates. I believe that is the gentleman South fell down and a chairman took him up. Elgrove took a watch out of the gentleman's pocket and gave it to Brown, and Brown gave it to Gorman who ran away with it.
Q. Did any body pursue him?
Yates. No, nobody at all.
Q. Did you see it deliver'd by Brown?
Yates. I saw it delivered by Brown to Gorman, and I saw it taken by Elgrove out of the gentleman's pocket. I think this is the gentleman and I think the gentleman gave a blow in the crowd. I saw Gorman the next day and told him I heard it was worth sixty or seventy guineas; he said it was going to be sold, and he should have his share to a halfpenny; in about two or three days after that, he told me it was sold for 6 six-and thirty-shilling-pieces, and he had one of them. I never heard any thing more of it afterwards.
Q. Had you any share of the money?
Yates. No, I had not.
Q. to prosecutor. Where can you suppose it to have been taken from you?
Prosecutor. I suppose it to be taken near the chapple door on the paved stones.
Q. Do you remember giving a shove?
Prosecutor. There were two or three women and a man that fell down; they crowded me very much and I push'd him backwards, it was rather a shove than a blow; a chairman took him up.
Yates. The crowd was great, and Gorman was on the outside ready for running.
Q. Did you see the watch?
Yates. I saw no more than the chain, which I think was gold; to the best of my knowledge there were either two or three seals.
Prosecutor. It was a gold chain, and three seals to it.
Q. from prisoner. What day of the month was the king's birth day?
Yates. I don't know.
Q. from prisoner. What day of the week?
Yates. I did not take particular notice of that.
Q. to prosecutor. What is the value of the watch ?
Prosecutor. About eighty guineas.
Yates. The prisoner told me the chain was gold. I told him I had a right to something out of it; he said no, I had not, for the Covent-garden company did not allow any such thing. I said I stood close by and gave assistance in the thrust.
Q. Explain that?
Yates. I was not one of their gang.


                  Tho 
                  Watson 
               



            . There was one South and a woman, and another man, who that man was I can't tell; when I saw a crowd I desired them to stand by and let my master the prosecutor ) come along. When my master was in a passion one of them fell down before him; we got through and put my master in the chair. Some time after he missed his watch, when I said it must be taken at that time. Then we went to justice Fielding's. I mentioned South's name and he was sent for, but he denied it.
Prisoner's Defence.
Yates sent for several news papers when he was in Clerkenwell prison last Monday, to see if he could find any thing to prove things to take away the lives of innocent people. I know nothing about it, I am a waiter and have lived in several places in London, but am now out of place.
For the prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Brown 
               



            . My mistress's name is 
               
                  Mary 
                  White 
               



            , she lives in Prince's-street, and is a gentlewoman that has a friend or two come to see her. 
               
                  Lawrence 
                  Gorman 
               



             came to our house on the king's birth-day, between ten and eleven o'clock in the forenoon. My mistress was gone to market, and I was washing. I asked him to come in, and he staid till she came home. She invited him to stay dinner, which he did, and was at our house till about six in the evening.
Q. How long have you known him?
M. Brown. I had known him about a month before that.
Q. How long have you lived with your mistress?
M. Brown. About two years on and off; once I lived with her three months together.
Q. How do you distinguish that day from others?
M. Brown. Because my mistress went to market that day, and she never did before, except I went with her.
Q. What day of the month was it?
M. Brown. I can't tell.
Q. Was the prisoner to have any particular dinner that day?
M. Brown. No, he came in the god-speed.


                  Henry 
                  Goaring 
               



            . The prisoner liv'd with me about five months, I have known him about three years. I have trusted him to receive several hundred pounds for me; he was always honest to me.

Prosecutor. One thing strikes me much, and as it seems to be in favour of the prisoner, I'll beg leave to mention it. I remember Yates the evidence saw me when I went to Hicks's-hall to find the bill; he then said, he knew nothing at all of my person, and did not give so full an account as he has done here, about what passed at St. James's.




               Guilty of stealing the watch, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


