





243. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sanders 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Holland 
               




             . ++ .


                  James 
                  Holland 
               



            . I keep a shoemaker's shop
, and the prisoner worked with me some time ago. I went out on the 17th of this instant and left my watch hanging in the kitchen. I was sent for and told it was gone, and that there was nobody in the house at the time it was taken but the prisoner. I went to inquire at Mr. Brown's, a pawnbroker on Snow-hill, where I found my watch. The prisoner was taken by one of my men, and I carried him before Justice Bury, where he owned that he stole it from off the nail in the kitchen, and carried it into Field-Lane; that he gave it to another man, who carried it to a pawnbroker whose name is Brown. His man 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Slayter 
               



            , that should have given his evidence, is not here; he has the watch.


                  John 
                  Coombs 
               



            . I was eating my supper at a publick house last Sunday was se'nnight. Sanders's wife came and beckoned me to the door. I went, and there was the prisoner, who desired I would pawn this watch. I took it and went to Mr. Brown's at the Three Balls, on Snow-Hill; he asked me what I was to have upon it, and I said a guinea; he asked who was the master of it, and I saying it was not mine, he desired me to bring the master of it, and he might have the money. I said I did not know where to find him; the watch was stopped. I came out at the door where the prisoner and his wife were standing. I told them it was stopped, so we went away. I know nothing how he came by it.
Prisoner's defence.
I found the watch in the vault, and brought it in in my hand; the old woman that kept his house was drunk.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


