




137. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ward 
                  , spinster
, otherwise 
Hannah Holmes




            , was indicted for stealing one linnen sheet, value 1 s. and one bed-gown, value 1 s. the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Larkin 
                  



                
            , February 8. *
Richard Larkin. I live at the Black-horse in Petty-France

; the prisoner came into my house in the afternoon, one day the beginning of February, I do not know the day of the month.
Q. What day of the week was it?

Larkin. It was on a Thursday; she ask'd me if her husband had been there? I told her no: there were some company in the house; she sat in and drank with them; after they had had four full pots they went away and left her there; there was a man that lets people blood, she said she would be blooded; he blooded her; she call'd for a full pot for him; my wife bid the maid take the things in, which I suppose she heard.
Q. What things ?
Larkin. We have a little yard, and they were things hanging out that had been washed that day; the prisoner went out and never paid for the pot of beer, and the things mentioned in the indictment, which were hanging in the yard, were gone.
Q. How soon after she was gone was it, that you missed them ?
Larkin. In about five minutes time after; I went to see for her, but could not find her; she came in again about 9 o'clock that same night all over bloody. She had been fighting, and had got a great bump on her face; I asked her about the things that we missed? she said she never saw them; I charg'd the watch with her and sent her to the round-house on suspicion, and the next morning took her before Justice Manley; she confessed where she had pawn'd the things, and we went and found them accordingly.
Q. Where did you find them ?
Larkin. The bed-gown was pawn'd at Mrs Aery's, and the linnen sheet at Mrs Dodd's. (Both produc'd in court.)
I can swear to the gown, but not to the sheet.


                  Jane 
                  Aery 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar brought this bed-gown to my house on a Thursday night, I think the 8th of February.
Q. What did you lend her upon it?
Aery. I lent her a shilling upon it.
Prisoner. I never was there.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Aery. I had seen her before; she had been at our shop several times, and brought things and fetch'd them out again.
Prisoner's defence.
I never went by the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ward 
               



            , my husband is named John Holmes.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


