





367 (L. ) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Collis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               sacrilegiously stealing a linnen surplice, value 3 s. the property of 
                     



                  , in the custody of the church-wardens of the said parish
            , June 28
 + .


                  Catharine 
                  West 
               



            . I lost a surplice out of the church of the parish of St. Catharine Cree, it was in the clark's care; he had hung the key up in the vestry, I found the hood on the ground that the minister wears over it, and having seen the prisoner follow me when I went in to open the doors, after I missed the surplice I saw him no more. I went to our gentlemen, and told them I had lost it, they desired me to enquire among the Jews. I had not an opportunity to go so soon as I would have gone. A young man came to me, and I desired him if he saw such a thing going to be sold, to stop it. After that Mr. Thackery came and told me he had heard of it, I went along with him to a publick house, and saw 
               
                  Rachel 
                  Israel 
               



             with it in her lap; I told her it was stole out of our church and I could swear to it, there being a place on it which I had mended. (Produc'd in court, and depos'd to) She had cut a piece of the collar off; they brought the prisoner to me, and I said I could swear to him by his stockings being splashed with dirt, and by a slit on his elbow; I can't tell the day of the month I lost it, but know it was on a Friday.
Q. Could you swear to his face?
West. No, I could not.
Q. Then had he changed his dress you could not have sworn to him?
West. No, I could not.
Q. from prisoner. What part of the church did I take it from?
West. He took it from out of the vestry. He was taken before my Lord Mayor, and there he owned he did take it from thence ?


                  Rachel 
                  Israel 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar went past my window with a bundle under his arm, he looked in; my husband asked him if he would buy a good hat, he said he wanted to sell. I sell old clothes, he produced the surplice, I got up and looked at it; he said he bought it for half a crown, and asked me five shillings for it; I bought it for 3 s. After I found it was stole. I carried it to the place where it properly belong'd to. I went before the Alderman, and he said if I saw the man I must take care of him, I said I would. After that the prisoner was going by, I said this is the man that sold me the thing; then my husband and another man secured him.

Prisoner's defence.
I did not steal it in the church, I gave half a crown for it, and ask'd the woman 6 s.




               Guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


