





239. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Croshew 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one camblet gown, val. 8 s. one quilted petticoat, two linen aprons, two silk and cotton handkerchiefs
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Parks 
               




             , spinster
, April 2
 + .


                  Ann 
                  Parks 
               



            . I lived with Mr. Hawkins in Wardour-Street


. The things mentioned in the indictment were taken out of my box in a garret, but I don't know by whom, or when; when I missed them, on the 2d of April, the prisoner's husband worked for my master. I found the things at a pawnbroker's in Bow-Street. Having a suspicion of the prisoner, she was taken up and had to the pawnbroker's, who said he had them of her.


                  Henry 
                  Hawkins 
               



            . The prosecutrix lived servant with a son of mine. She was paid her wages, and going away missed her things; the prisoner was at our house, and I charged her with taking them. She denied it, and said she would go to all the pawnbrokers to clear herself. I then went to, I believe, 40 of them, and found the goods at a pawnbroker's in Bow-Street. I shewed the man a paper of the things, which were produced, and then went to take up the prisoner, and brought her; she then confessed that she had pawned them there We took her before Justice St. Lawrence, and there she confessed the same.


                  John 
                  Melvell 
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Pain in Bow-Street, a pawnbroker. I took in the things of the prisoner at the bar on the 3d of April, and lent her half a guinea on them. Produced in court and deposed to, a gown, a quilted petticoat, two linen aprons, and one silk and cotton handkerchief.
Prisoner's defence.
I had them of another young woman to pawn. I did not know they were stolen. She is gone away since I have been taken up.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


