






310. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wright 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one feather-bed, value 3 l. one bolster, value 5 s. three blankets, value 10 s. one linnen quilt, value 5 s. one copper pottage-pot, value 5 s. one copper stew-pan, value 3 s. a brass fire-shovel, one pair of brass-tongs, value 1 s. one iron poker, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Chiselden 
                  





                
            , spinster
. 


               It was laid over again, to be stolen in the house of John Brown
            , September 29

.



                  Sarah 
                  Chiselden 
               



            . I have a house at Enfield



. Mr John Brown rents one part of it, and the other part is empty. I lost out of it a feather-bed, a bolster, three blankets, a quilt, a brass fire-shovel and tongs, a poker, a pottage pot, and a stew-pan.
Q. When had you seen them last?
Chiselden. I saw them there in this month of October. I know nothing who took them away.


                  Thomas 
                  Lawrence 
               



            . I am a servant to Mr Sabbatin; the prisoner came and pretended to take a house of my master for his mistress in September last, about the 20th: he went to look at Mrs Chiselden's house, and I went with him, he looked all over the house.
Q. Was there any furniture in the house then?
Lawrence. There were a bedstead, bed, blankets, a quilt, pottage pot, stew-pan, and all the other things mentioned in the indictment. He said, that house would do very well for his mistress. At going away I fastened all the windows, but the lower window, he pretended to have fastened that, and told me he had, but he left it without fastening. I went back again to see if it was fast and found it open: I fastened it. We missed the things mentioned in the indictment on the Saturday following.


                  Mary 
                  Sabbatin 
               



            . On Michaelmas day I went to the garden belonging to Mrs Chiselden's house, to gather a few grapes. I tried the shutter to the window and found it was not fast, it fell back, then I found the sash up, and the glass broke near the fastening. I saw footsteps about. I went into the house, and up stairs, in the first room I found nothing missing, in the second I missed the bed and bedding, then I went and sent our boy, the last witness, to see what was missing, and to fasten up the house. The next day Mrs Kirby, at whose house the prisoner's mistress lodged, told me there was great reason to suspect the prisoner in taking the things.
Mrs Kirby. On Michaelmas day, a lady that lodges at my house, went to London in a coach to take her money, that is paid to her quarterly; my daughter went with her, the prisoner was her servant, he put up some bed and bedding behind the coach. When my daughter came home she told me she believed I had lost a bed. I went up stairs to see. I found two pillows none of my own. I asked the gentlewoman about it. Her maid said, she believed she had seen it before at a house she had been to see. Then we thought it belonged to the prosecutrix. I went directly and told this to Mrs Sabbatin, and so it came out. The goods produced in court. After this there were a stew-pan, pottage-pot, tongs, shovel, and poker, found in and left at my house.
Prosecutrix. These two pillows I believe to be mine, I had just such. The bedding is marked, I know them to be mine.


                  Peter 
                  Colley 
               



            . On the twenty-ninth of September in the morning, the prisoner brought a bed and blankets to my house; he flung the bundle down at the bench at my door, and wanted a shilling's-worth of punch. I said, what will you do with a shilling's-worth of punch in a morning. He said, he was a-dry, and was going to Ponders-End with these things to have them carried down to Hertford, and had some more things to fetch from Enfield, and desired I would let them be put in my bar.
Q. Where is your house?
Colley. I keep the Cock at Hounds-field, betwixt Edmonton and Ponders-End; he went away and did not pay me, but said, he would pay me when he came back. The bundle has been in my custody ever since, till produced here.


                  Benjamin 
                  Sabbatin 
               



            . The prosecutrix desired me to have the care of her house at Enfield. If any body inquired for such a house to come to me. On the twenty-ninth of September my wife went to Mrs Cheselden's house, and returned and said, it had been broke open, and she believed the bed and bedding were missing. I sent my servant to see what had been done, and to make the house fast. He returned and said, he missed several things, as bed, bedding, and other things. I ordered him to get the carpenter and fasten the window up again, and went down with him. I found the glass in the sash next to the screw was broke: it appeared very plain, that the house had been broke open.
Q. Did any body lie in that house?
Sabbatin. Part of the house was inhabited by Mr Brown, but this part of the house no body lived in. I hearing some of the things were at Mr Colley's I went there: he opened the bundle and found in it a brass fire-shovel and tongs. I bid him tie it up again, and not to part with the bundle to any body. He has had it ever since, and brought it to town with him.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Furbusher 
               



            . I am a Coachman. I was hired to bring the prisoner's mistress from Enfield to town, I was with her by five o'clock in the morning. The prisoner came to me and asked me, if I could put his bed in the boot of the coach. Upon seeing the bundle, I said, I could not put it in, it must be tied behind. He said, it was his mistress's bed, but there was a young woman in the coach that he did not care should see it; but said, if it must be tied behind it must. We had got it tied behind before his mistress came. He desired me to carry it to the Falcon at Edmunton, and put it down there in the path way. I put it down at the Falcon gate, and saw no more of him 'till night; and when I went home he was at the house where his mistress lodged; then I had a suspicion that something was not right. 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Barker 
               



             had said to me (when I was in London, at the house where the gentlewoman was to receive her order for her receiving her money at the Bank) she did not know what to make of the prisoner. I said, do you know whose bed that was he brought. She said, she did not know any thing of it, but was afraid he had robbed her mother; upon this she gave notice to her mother when she came home, and so it came out.


                  Margaret 
                  Barker 
               



            . I came up in the coach from Enfield to London with the lady, and saw the prisoner meet the coachman at Edmonton, at the Falcon, for the parcel; and the lady, his mistress, told me there was a bed fastened to the coach behind, when I went into the coach; and after this, by searching about, I found a stew-pan, a pottage-pot, fire-shovel and tongs in my mother's hay-loft.
Q. Do you know how they came there?
Barker. No. I do not. Except the prisoner put them there; he lived with his mistress at my mother's.
Isabella Smith. I liv'd servant to Mrs Croucher. My mistress went to town to receive her quarterly money, on the twenty-ninth of September; the prisoner lived servant with her at that time; Mrs Barker came and told me, that the coachman said the prisoner had put a bed behind the coach, and she believed it was her mother's bed; when I came home, I happened to go into my mistress's bed-chamber, there I saw two pillows; and I had been with the prisoner to see the house which was afterwards robb'd; and I came and told my mistress I thought it would do very well.
Q. What time was it you went with the prisoner to see the house?
Smith. It was about a fortnight before Michaelmas day; my mistress bid me to give her compliments to the lady, and tell her she would wait upon her next week; the prisoner ordered me to stay at the house, and he went and fetch'd the footman; he shew'd me the house; I bid the footman give mistress's compliments to the lady, and tell her she would wait upon her next week; and I came home and told my mistress what I had said; I never heard any more of it; after seeing these pillows in my mistress's room, then I told the people I thought I had seen them pillows at that house which I went to look at.
Q. Is your mistress and his mistress the same person?
Smith. Yes: she is.
Q. Do you live with her now?
Smith. I do.
Q. Did you see any thing behind the coach that day?
Smith. No: my mistress told me there was luggage behind the coach, but I did not see it.
Q. to Mrs Sabbatin. What are the goods here produced worth?
Sabbatin. They are worth five or six pounds at least.
Prisoner's defence.
The lady that I lived with knew how I came by them; and therefore she ought to be brought to justice as well as I.
Q. to Smith. Where is your mistress; is she here?
Smith. She is ill, and could not come.
Q. What is your mistress?
Smith. I have known the lady about fourteen months, I never knew her any way given to do things ill.

Prisoner. She has lived with her about six months now, and she lived with her six months before; she bid me fetch the bed, and said she would take it in; but I have nobody to speak for me; I am a stranger in the world.
Court to Sabbatin. The mistress ought to be taken up.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation.]


