





153. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Maialle 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one feather bed, value 12 d. one bolster, value 12 d. one sheet, value 12 d. one blanket, value 12 d. and one saucepan, value 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Rogers 
                        




                      
                  , out of a certain lodging room let by contract
            , &c. April 4
.


                  Mary 
                  Rogers 
               



            . My father's name is Edward. I let the prisoner a ready furnish'd lodging, being a back garret up three pair of stairs, and he was to pay 20 d. per week. He took the things mention'd in the indictment out of the room.

Q. How do you know that?
M. Rogers. He own'd it, upon my charging him with it, and that he had pawn'd them, and where; I went to the pawnbroker's and found them, and they were delivered to me.
Q. What is the pawnbroker's name?
M. Rogers. He is here.
Q. from prisoner. Was it not by your consent that I pawned these things?
M. Rogers. No, I did not know when they were gone. When he pawned the coverlid, sheet and saucepan, I asked him about them, and he own'd it, and because his wife lay in my heart bled for them; but there was no consent of either my father or mother, nor me neither, and we did not take him up till after he had pawn'd the bed, which was some time after.


                  Benjamin 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am the constable that took him into custody when the goods were missed. He told me he had pawn'd them at Mr. Humphreys's, so we went and found them accordingly.
Q. Did he then make any pretence that they were pawn'd with the consent of the prosecutor?
Brown. No, he did not then mention any such thing.


                  Deborah 
                  Humphreys 
               



            . I live in St. Ann's Westminster, and am a pawnbroker. The prisoner has pawn'd several things at our house; there were a bed, blanket, sheet and saucepan, which we delivered up to Brown the constable when he came. I can't say when they were pawned, but they were brought at several times.
Q. to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Rogers 
               



            . Were these things, that this evidence delivered to the constable, the things you charge the prisoner with, as stealing them out of your room?
M. Rogers. They were.
Prisoner's Defence.
This day month, or three weeks, I was out at work, and we were all in friendship together. She came to this agreement, that I should fetch these goods out at my leisure as I could, but my wife and they have fallen out since, so they have taken me up to prosecute me.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


