





584. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Albey 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Harley 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Sept. 24
. ++ .


                  Thomas 
                  Harley 
               



            . On the 24th of last month, between seven and eight in the evening, as I was coming by the Mansion-house


 with Mr. Torin, who said he believed there were pickpockets about us; upon which I put my hand in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief. I turned about, and laid hold on the person next to me, which was the prisoner. Mr. Torin and I were arm in arm. The prisoner seemed to be cramming the handkerchief into his breeches. I took it out of his hand. I was going to let him go; but it happening to be opposite the constable's house, he came over immediately, and took him to the Compter.
[The handkerchief produced in court, and deposed to.]
Q. When did you make use of it last?
Harley. I think I had felt it in my pocket about a minute or two before.


                  James 
                  Torin 
               



            . We were just turning round the Mansion-house, arm in arm, when I found somebody busy about us; I turned round, and catched the prisoner by the collar, saying, I believed he was going to pick my pocket, being as close to me behind as he could. Mr. Harley put his hand into his pocket, and said he had lost his handkerchief, so he also laid hold of him. I saw the handkerchief taken out of his hand; he had his hat before it.
Prisoner's Defence.
Going along I saw the handkerchief lying on the ground, I picked it up and put it into my hat, when the gentleman turned round, and said I was going to pick his pocket.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


