






525, 526. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gore 
                  , otherwise 
Purcell




            , and 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Hughes 
                  



                
            , were indicted, for that 


               they with a pistol, that Purcell held in his right hand, on 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Aimey 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, and that they with menaces, in a violent manner, did demand the money of the said William, from his person to steal, &c
            . July 15
. *


                  William 
                  Aimey 
               



            . I lived in St. James's Square with Mrs. Hays. On the 15th of July, about half an hour after one in the morning, I, 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Grinfield 
               



            , and another servant, were in a hackney coach, going home from the Temple, where we had left my mistress; and just as we were going into St. James's Square


, within a little of our own home, Gore came up to the coachman, and said, G - d - n your blood, stop directly, or else I'll blow your brains out. The coachman did not stop, but the prisoner repeating the words over again, he stopt. Then Gore came and put his left hand on the side of the coach, and with his right put a pistol towards my left breast; then he said. D - n your blood, deliver all your money, or I'll blow your brains out this instant ; after which he repeated it over again, and said, I am in hast.
Q. Are you sure it was Gore?
Aimey. I am quite sure. Then I said we were poor servants, and had nothing to give him; upon which he said to the coachman, G - d - n your blood, drive off directly. The coachman drove to our door, and we put the women into our house; then the coachman, I, and 
               
                  John 
                  Grinfield 
               



            , went in pursuit of them. We found Gore stopping a gentleman on foot in the same place, and I called out, watch! stop thief! The gentleman was scuffling with him, he was a captain, and had drawn his sword.
Q. Did you see any other with Gore?
Aimey. No, my Lord, I did not; I did not see the other prisoner till after Gore ran away, and we after him, and took him a little before we came to Charlton-House, in Pall-Mall. The pistol lay just by his side when we took him. Although we called watch and thieves, the watch did not come for several minutes. We carried him to the watch-house. It was a moon light night. Gore had been pricked in his arm; and it bled.


                  John 
                  Conner 
               



            . I am the coachman. I was driving the other witness and two women home, on the 15th of July, about half an hour after one in the morning, and just as I came to turn into the Square, I observed the two prisoners walking together. Gore came up, and clapped a pistol, I believe, within half a yard of my head, and swore d - n his blood, if I did not immediately stop, he would blow my brains out. He said so a second time, then I stopt. He went and clapped his left hand on the coach door, presented a pistol with his right into the coach, and demanded their money; they replied they were but poor servants, and had nothing for him. He then demanded it a second time, and they made the same reply. Then he came up to me, presented his pistol, and swore if I did not make off, off, off (for so he expressed himself ) he would blow my brains out. I drove directly to our own door, which was but about thirty yards off.
Q. How near did Hughs come at that time? Conner. I believe he did not come within ten yards of the coach.
Q. Did he say any thing to you?
Conner. He did not speak a word in my hearing. When the women were in the house, 
               
                  John 
                  Grinfield 
               



            , who was in our house, gave his wife what money he had, and he, the footman, and I, went in pursuit of them. I picked up a stone going along, and saw the two prisoners attacking a single gentleman at the corner of the Square. When they saw us, they both ran, as did also the gentleman, thinking we had been accomplices. I flung the stone at Gore, but missed him. He ran down Pall-Mall, in the middle of the street, Hughs ran on the flag stones, within the posts. I ran after Gore, I believe, 150 yards; I kicked up his heels in Pall-Mall, and with the force of his fall the pistol flew out of his hand. I secured him immediately, and lay upon him seven or eight minutes before the watch came. I think the footman came first, and I bid him take up the pistol, which he did. When the watchman came, I delivered one hand to the watchman, and I held the other; then we led him to the watch-house. I went to see him when in Newgate, and he told me, the reason that he left us was, because he saw a better mark coming, which he thought to attack.


                  Catharine 
                  Grinfield 
               



            . I was one of the women that was in the coach. Gore presented a pistol to the footboy, and demanded his money. I saw the other standing at the corner, but did not hear him speak.


                  John 
                  Grinfield 
               



            . I am husband to the last witness. After the coach came home, I went along with the coachman and footman, and saw the two prisoners engaged with one Captain Browning: they ran away, and we after them, I was within about forty yards when Gore was taken by the coachman, and I saw the pistol lying by his side when on the ground.


                  John 
                  James 
               



            . I heard the cry of stop thief, being at that time a centinel at Charlton-House. I saw Hughs run by, and another after him; I stopt Hughs in Pall-Mall, and told him he was my prisoner; he replied, he might as well be my prisoner as any body's else.
Q. Had he any instrument in his hand?
James. I saw none. I brought him to my box, and kept him till the constable came.
Gore's Defence.
I had been out with some friends, and coming through Pall-Mall home, I heard some people cry out stop thief; there was a gentleman, and one or two other persons with him; I crossed the way from them. There was no body with me. That coachman came, and heaved a stone at me; I ran aside to shun the stone, he ran after me, and kicked up my heels. The gentleman that was stopt came to the justice's the day after I was committed, and said I was not the man. These witnesses were all there.
Q. to Conner. Was there any body came there on such an account?
Conner. Captain Browning came there, and said Gore was a man about the stature of one of them, but he could not positively swear to him.
The footman deposed to the same purport.
Gore 

               guilty
            , Hughs 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


