





382. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Watkins 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one linen bed quilt, value 4 d. two blankets, value 1 s. 6 d. and two linen sheets, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , Oct. 1
. ||


                  Jonathan 
                  Smith 
               



            . I was not at home, so know nothing more of it than what I learn'd from the witness who stop'd the prisoner. I went out and lock'd my door, and was sent for and told what had happen'd.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Knight 
               



            . I live opposite Mr. Smith's house. I saw the prisoner come out of his house, at the back door, with a bundle of things; I stop'd her, and went to my neighbour, desiring him to examine her.
Q. When was this?
E. Knight. This was the first day of this instant October. I asked her where she was going; she said to Kingsland-road.
Q. Did you see what she had got?
E. Knight. No, she threw them down in the road when she was stop'd.


                  Thomas 
                  Milican 
               



            . I live opposite to Mrs. Knight, and heard her say, that woman has got something that is not her own. I went and laid hold of the prisoner, and said she must give me an account of what she had got about her. She endeavour'd to get away, but I stopping her she threw the things down on the ground, and said, d - n you, there they are.
Q. What things were there ?
Milican. There were a quilt, 2 blankets. and 2 sheets (produced in court.)
Prosecutor. These are my property, and were taken out of my house.


                  George 
                  Beeson 
               



            . I heard my neighbour Knight call out; I ran and saw the last evidence had hold of the prisoner, who threw the things here produced down, and I took them up; we brought her and the things back.


                  Charles 
                  Tollet 
               



            . I am a constable; these things were deliver'd to me on the 1st of October, and have been in my custody ever since I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was going to Islington to work, I met a woman big with child, who said she'd give me two pence to carry her load to Kingsland-Road for her; it was as much as ever she could do to stand under it. I being willing to earn the two pence took and carried it for her, and these people came and hawl'd me about, drag'd me, and push'd me up against a wall; I never was so used before in my life.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


