





22. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thrift 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 10 d. in money
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jordan 
                  




                
            , Nov. 15
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Jordan 
               



            . I am wife to Thomas, he is a Baker
, we live in Shoemaker-Row, near Aldgate


; the prisoner was our journeyman
.
Q. What do you charge him with?


                  Mary 
                  Jordan 
               



            . Having missed money at times out of the drawer, and suspecting the prisoner, on the 15th of Nov. the shop being shut up, the prisoner was below in the bakehouse, I concealed myself in a closet in the kitchen, where I could look into the shop.
Q. How long had the shop been shut up?
M. Jordan. Almost an hour; the prisoner came up stairs with a candle in his hand; he came into the kitchen and cut himself some victuals; then he went into the shop with a hammer in his hand; with which he raised up the counter, and took out the till.

Q. Was the till locked at that time?
M. Jordan. To the best of my knowledge it was; I had the key and never used to take it out but when it was lock'd; I saw him take out some half-pence; I went into the shop as he was shuting it down and told him I could see he made free with the till, and asked him if he had taken enough; he begg'd my Pardon, and gave me the money into my hand, which was 10 d. all in half-pence, and told me it was the first time he ever had done so.


                  Catherine 
                  Richards 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jordan: Mistress suspected somebody had been opening her till; in order to find out who it was, she and I concealed ourselves in the closet: I saw the prisoner come up out of the bake-house (which was under the shop) and go into the kitchen, and cut himself some victuals; after which he went into the shop, and with a hammer lifted up the counter, and took out half-pence; he put his hand in twice, and laid them down on the counter by him; after which Mistress went to the shop door, and asked him if he had taken enough; if not, bid him take more, and said, are not you a pretty fellow for robbing me? He begged her pardon, and gave the money into her hand.
Q. How much was there of it?
Richards. I did not tell it ; I saw it was halfpence she told me there was twelve-pence halfpenny.
Prisoner's Defence.
There was a customer came to the bake-house door for 2 quartern loaves; I took the half-pence for them, and went up and laid them on the counter, when I went up for my supper.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


