





525. 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Fuller 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one fustian frock, val. 15 s. one cloth waistcoat, val. 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Thomas 
                  




               
            , July 29
.


                  Robert 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I live in Nottingham Court, King-street, Seven Dials


. On the 29th of July I left my cloaths in my room, hanging upon the closet door, and went out in the morning, the door was upon the latch. My things were gone when I return'd about 9 o'clock. I advertised them, and found them again. The prisoner said she bought them for 16 shillings, a pot of beer, and a pint of gin.


                  Alexander
                   Ma. Farley
               



            . I live in High-Holborn ; I keep a brandy-shop there. About 8 o'clock that morning, the prisoner came into my house with this frock and waistcoat in her lap. She told me she was along with a man all night, and he gave her no money, and she brought his cloths away ; after that she told me they were her husband's cloaths, and she would go and pawn them, for he had pawn'd all her's; she proffer'd to leave them with me for 2 s. and 6 d. I did not ask her whether she wanted to sell or pawn them for that money. I sent for a constable, and had her taken up. The cloaths were carried to the constable's house, and by him advertised on the wed nesday; and the prosecutor came and owned them.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been at work in the country; I came to town and received a guinea of a master of mine at Brumpton ; he is since dead. I met a woman, she ask'd me if I would buy these cloaths; I said I don't care to buy a pig in a poke; so desired to see them. She ask'd me a guinea for them. I gave her 16 s. and two pots of beer. Then a soldier laid hold of me, and said, you bitch, come and give me some gin. He took me to this man's shop; they took my cloaths. I went to fetch a constable to have some recompence; then they brought another constable, and took me to the round-house.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


