





162. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bates 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven pair of worsted stockings, value 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Parnell 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said James
            , March 1
. ++
James Parnell. I live in Bishopsgate-street


: I was in my compting-house, on the 1st of March about six in the evening, I heard a little noise in the street; I immediately went into the shop, and saw my apprentice bring in the prisoner at the bar?
Q. What is your apprentice's name?
Parnell. His name is 
               
                  Nathan 
                  Cooper 
               



            : there were other people that followed them; I asked what was the matter; I was told that the prisoner had stole a parcel out of my shop.
Q. Did you know any of the other people?
Parnell. There was a Stone-Mason that lives in Kingsland-Road was there; his name is Delathey he brought in the parcel, but he is not here; I have been lame and could not stir about to get him to come; 
               
                  Nathan 
                  Cooper 
               



             had hold of the prisoner's coat; I asked him what his name was, he said his name was Nelson. When I went before the Alderman at Guild-Hall, he was well known there by the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bates 
               



            ; it being late in the evening I was forced to carry him to Mr Ross's at the Poultry-Compter, and he knew him very well.
Q. What bundle was it?
Parnell. It was a bundle of stockings, seven pair; I know them to be mine. Produced in court.
Q. What pass'd before the Alderman?
Parnell. He said there was his play fellow with him, and it was he that took them. At first he said, he was going along and kicked the stockings with his foot.
Q. Did he at last own to the taking the bundle?
Parnell. No, he entirely denied it; he has altered his dress now, he was in a red coat; I went to New-Prison to him in order to relieve him, believing him to be very poor, but he behaved so ill that I would not relieve him.


                  Nathan 
                  Cooper 
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutor.
Q. How old are you?
Cooper. I am fifteen years of age to-day: on the first of March I was standing on the shop stool putting some goods in our bays-case; I saw a person go out of the shop in a red coat; I ran out into the street and saw the prisoner at the bar and another person, both dressed in red coats; they were shuffling together; I immediately seized the prisoner, and instantly a bundle dropp'd to the ground from between them; I took the prisoner by the collar and brought him back into the shop as well as I could; the other boy ran over the way imediately into Skinners-street.
Q. Had you any assistance?
Cooper. No, none, only a Stone-Mason that lives in Kingsland-Road; he took up the bundle and brought it into the shop after me.
Q. How far distance from your shop door was it that you took hold of the prisoner?
Cooper. To the best of my knowledge it was about two or three posts from the door, that is about eight or nine yards distance.
Q. Look at the bundle?
Cooper. These are girls pink hose.
Q. Whose property are they?
Cooper. They are my master's; I am certain of it, because here is my own hand-writing on the bundle.
Q. Did you charge the prisoner with taking that bundle of stockings ?
Cooper. I did: he said he knew nothing of the bundle, nor nothing of the boy that ran away; then he said, he felt the bundle at his back; and afterwards he said, he kicked it with his foot as he was going along.
Q. Was you with him before the Alderman?
Cooper. I was: he denied it there; he said his name was Nelson when he was in our shop, and before the Alderman he said his name was Bates.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take the stockings, nor knew of them any more than this piece of wood. I am very willing to go on board one of his Majesty's ships again; I was on board a Collier, and had taken 35 s. and was going on board again to go to the northward.
Q. to Cooper. Can you say that the prisoner took the stockings out of your shop?
Cooper. I am certain that it was either the prisoner, or the other boy that ran away.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


