






243 (L) 
               
                  
                     Barnard 
                     Barry 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one firkin of butter, value 20 s. one wooden firkin, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               

                        John 
                        Child 
                     




and Co







            . March 12
. ++


                  John 
                  Hitchins 
               



            . I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Child's and company's shop door March 21, about four in the afternoon, with a firkin, having hold of it by the two ends long ways, he came to my door, and I believe he might be a little in liquor; there he dropped it; I took hold of him and took him into Mr. Child's yard and called some of the servants to come and examine him. I think there was I. H. marked upon the firkin in black ; I was with the prisoner before my Lord Mayor, there he said he took it out of a cart, as it was going along the street.


                  John 
                  Marshall 
               



            . The firkin of butter belongs to Mr. Child and Company. (He mentions the partners names.) the other evidence had hold on the prisoner, and the butter lay at his foot ; we had ten firkins of this butter that were told and stood ready to be delivered, in the passage ; I went and looked at them, there was then but nine ; this in the street was the other, they were all mark'd J. C. with ink, we took the prisoner before my Lord Mayor, he said there was a cart going along the street from whence he had it.
Q to Hitchens. Did you see the prisoner drop the firkin of butter?
Hitchins. I did, he dropt it by reeling, and I laid hold on him directly.
Prisoner's defence.
There was a cart going by, down a hill, and turning off to the right, the near wheel went into the kennel, and the butter tumbled off, I called to the Carman; Carman, there is your butter off; this man came and said it was you that throwed it down from the cart, said I if you doubt my character, I'll get a character were I work, (please to put my trial back till my master comes with my character from Westminster,) he took hold on me and went and charged me with the beadle.
Q. to Marshall. Was this missing from nearest the street, or backwards of the ten you mentioned?
Marshall. It was from nearest the street.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


