





67. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Hilliard 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing six holland shirts, value 38 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Welbore 
                  Ellis 
               




             , Esq
; Dec. 13
. ++ .
Morgan Morgan. I am servant to Welbore Ellis, Esq; I missed some of his linen, but did not know who to charge with it.
Q. Did you miss it all at once?
Morgan. No I did not, I missed it at two several times, the last time was on the 18th of Dec. last, then I missed seven shirts.
Q. Was the prisoner a servant in your house?
Morgan. No, the prisoner used to serve our house with milk.
Q. Had she access to the room where your linnen was put?
Morgan. She had free access there, it being the room where she carried the milk into.
Q. Had the linen used to be loose about?
Morgan. It was put into drawers. After I had missed them I spoke to the housekeeper about it. We could suspect no body but the prisoner, so we sent to her and her mother.
Q. Had no body used to go into that room but the prisoner?
Morgan She was the only person that had been there that morning that the shirts were missing on. They both denied knowing any thing of the matter. Then I desired my master to let me take out a search warrant, to search the mother's room, and he ordered me to go to Mr. Fielding's for one, which I did. I searched but found nothing belonging to my master. I took the constable to my master's house, where the girl remained, and he examined her, and in our presence she did confess that she had pawned them, and that she would shew us where they were.
Q. Did she own the taking them?
Morgan. She did, and went and shewed us the two different places where she had pawned them.
Q. Did you find the goods there?
Morgan. We did. (Produced in court, two ruffled shirts and four plain ones.
Q. Are you certain whose property they are?
Morgan. They are the property of my master.
Q. Was you before the justice of the peace with the prisoner?
Morgan. I was; she confessed that she stole and pawn'd them.
Q. How old is the prisoner ?
Morgan. Her father told me she is thirteen years of age.


                  Richard 
                  Plowman 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Ellis.
Q. Have you heard the other witness give his evidence?
Plowman. I have, I was also present when she confessed she took the shirts.
Prisoner's Defence.
The occasion of my taking these things was, there was a man perswaded me to do it, who asked me for money. I said I had no ways to get any, he told me as I went into noblemens houses I might get things and not be suspected; he went away the morning after I was taken up, his name is 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Lloyd 
               



            , a soldier. I told him I had seen shirts in a drawer, and he bid me take them out and bring them away, which I did, and pawned them and gave him the money. There was a woman with him that had part of it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


