





161. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cowen 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk coat lac'd with gold, value 3 l. one silk waistcoat lac'd with gold, value 1 l. 10 s. one pair of silk breeches, one allopene frock, one allopene waistcoat lac'd with silver, one pair of lac'd breeches; two pair of black velvet breeches
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hutson 
                  




                
            , March 13
. ++


                  John 
                  Hutson 
               



            . I am a Taylor
: I lost a silk coat lac'd, a silk waistcoat lac'd, a pair of silk breeches, an allopene frock, an allopene waistcoat, a pair of breeches, and two pair of black velvet breeches.
Q. Do you know who took them?
Hutson. I believe it was the prisoner at the bar; he behav'd so bad that I suspected him.
Q. What is he?
Hutson. He was my apprentice
.
Q. Where do you live?
Hutson. I live in York-Buildings


.
Q. Did he live with you?
Hutson. He lodg'd at the next door to me (a publick house). I had got discharg'd from him last January. He was not my apprentice at this time. He knew my house very well: he lay in the garret at his lodgings, and I imagine he got from thence into my garret, from his window.
Q. Have you found the goods again?
Hutson. I have, all but two pair of breeches; a man that is now in court bought them after I advertised them: Mr Coleman went to Justice Fielding and he sent for me; he told me he believed they had been offered to him; I asked Mr Coleman what sort of a man it was that offered them to him; he said, it was a young man like a Taylor's apprentice, but he asked more money for them than he chose to give; by the description he gave I found it was the prisoner. I took him up and carried him to Justice Fielding; Mr Fielding examined him; I charged him with taking these things; he denied it, and said, he knew nothing of the matter.
Q. How came you by them that you have got again?
Hutson. One Mr Steff delivered them to me, he deals in old cloaths.
Terence Mac'gray. On the 16th of March I had been at work.
Q. What are you?
Mac'gray. I am a Taylor: the prisoner at the bar and a woman about forty or fifty years of age, came to my shop with these goods; my wife told me she had seen them before; I asked them what money she had bid for them when they came, they said, five guineas, but seven guineas was the price if they sold them.
Q. Which said this?
Mac'gray. The woman that was with him did. Produced in Court and deposed to by prosecutor. These are the same, I bought them for five pounds fourteen shillings of them, and sold them again to Mr Steff for five pounds seventeen shillings.
Q. to Prosecutor. In what part of the house were these goods taken from?
Prosecutor. They were taken out of a press in my cutting room.


                  Catharine 
                  Mac 
               



            'gray. I am wife to Terence: on the 16th of March I was going along crying old cloaths; the prisoner at the bar asked me if I bought old cloaths; I said, yes; he said, he could help me to a bargain; I asked him what they were; he said, they were two suits of cloaths, and he described them as in the indictment; and said, that he had the selling of them, but they belonged to a friend of his; he brought me into an Alehouse called the six Canns, Holborne; from thence to the Castle about six doors higher up; he bid the woman that was with him bring the cloaths to the Faulcon and Castle in order to sell them; there I looked at them, and asked what he demanded for them; he asked eight guineas; I offered him five; that he refused; from that place they were carried to my apartment, and my husband bought them.
Q. Look at these cloaths, are these the same?
C. Mac'gray. I am sure they are: I was present with my husband when he sold them afterwards to Mr Steff.
Q. What did your husband sell them for?
C. Mac'gray. He sold them for five pounds seventeen shillings and six-pence.
Mr. Palliss. About the middle of March, an old woman came to my shop with a lad; he told me he had a bargain to sell.
Q. Where do you live?
Palliss. I keep a sale shop in the Minories: they brought these cloaths that are here produced with them, which were two suits, I know them again very well; I asked them the price, they said twelve guineas; I said, I would not buy them; about a week after Mr Steff (he and I deal together) came to me.
Q. Where does he live?
Palliss. He lives in Grace-Church-street: he wanted some cloaths to be dy'd, which upon his describing them, I thought to be the cloaths I had seen; I went to his house and saw them, and knew them to be the same that the lad and a woman had brought to my house; he said, he had bought them of one of the business; I told him they were Mr Hutson's cloaths, which I had found by an advertisement; he and I went to Mr Hutson's, and from thence to Justice Fielding.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner examined there?
Palliss. I did: but he always denied it.
Q. Are you sure that young lad was the prisoner at the bar?
Palliss. I would sooner swear it was the prisoner, than I would swear it was not; but I will not be sure.


                  David 
                  Coleman 
               



            . These cloaths were brought to my shop to be sold; these things were brought to my house by a lad and a woman in order to be sold; but they did not see me, so I did not buy them.
Q. What lad?
Coleman. I believe it was the prisoner at the bar; the next morning I saw them advertised in the papers. They were described so particularly, that I thought they were the same cloaths.
Q. What are you?
Coleman. I am a Taylor, and keep a shop.
Mr Steff. These cloaths produced here, are the same that I bought of Mr. Mac'gray; I have bought things of him several times.
Q. When did you buy them?
Steff. On the 16th of March.
Q. What did you give for them?
Steff. I gave five pounds seventeen shillings and six-pence.
Q. Where do you live?
Steff. I live in Talbot-Court.


                  William 
                  Peal 
               



            . Mr Palliss in the Minories is my master; a woman and the prisoner at the bar came to our shop with these things, but my master did not buy them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never took the things, nor know any thing of the matter. I have witnesses, but they cannot come, because they were afraid of disobliging the prosecutor, they living in the neighbourhood.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


