





16. (L.) 
               
                  John 
                  Swinton 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 30 pounds weight of copper, value 10 s. and one copper sauce-pan and cover, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Applebee 
                        




                      
                  , privately, in the shop of the said Charles
            , Oct. 20
. ++


                  Charles 
                  Applebee 
               



            . On the 20th of October last, Mr Gyles a Founder came to my house at Ludgate-hill


, and brought a piece of copper; he told me he had long suspected that my Father and I had been robb'd, and now he had greater reason to think so; I told him that piece was mine, and that I had had it in my hand but the day before; he said his servant paid 12 s. and 6 d. for it, at 10 d. per pound, the full value.


                  Thomas 
                  Reeves 
               



            . On the 28th of October last, Mr Applebee came to my house, he ask'd me how my father did.
Q. What are you?
T. Reeves. I am a coppersmith and brazier, and live in Bride's-lane Fleet-street; he ask'd me whether I could make him some brass kettles. I ask'd him when he would have them done? he said, when I could do them. I said he might have them on Monday or Tuesday. Then Mr Gyles came in and said, Mr Applebee, why do not you tell him what you came about? then Mr Applebee said, did not you sell some copper at Mr Gyles's to day? I said, Yes: he ask'd me how much? I said, 15 pounds weight: he ask'd me for whom? I said for Mr Swinton, he desired me to sell it for him. I sold it for 12 s. 6 d. at 10 d. per pound; he brought it to my house. The copper produced in court and deposed to by prosecutor.
Q. to prosecutor. Where was this piece taken from?
Prosecutor. From out of my warehouse. I had mark'd some pieces upon Mr Gyles's information. (He looks in a parcel produced, bought by Mr Gyles's man, he finds some of them) I can swear all here is my property: here is also a copper sauce-pan and cover, which I found in the prisoner's lodgings, mark'd with my own hand. The prisoner, upon being charg'd, down on his knees and ask'd pardon; and desired to be sent abroad in the King's service, rather than to be transported.


                  John 
                  Cornhill 
               



            . I am clerk, and look after the shop, to Mr Gyles; I never go out of the shop; the last evidence brought this copper at three different times to Mr Gyles's, and I bought them.
Prisoner's defence. Mr Gyles brought a piece of copper into my master's compting-house; then my master ask'd me, if I ever carry'd any out of his shop to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Reeve 
               



            ; my master said, he would swear to that piece of copper, for it was what he was cutting up that day; Mr Gyles said it was not that piece, for it was a deal stronger than that. I desired my master, as I had been six months, in a French prison, to send me abroad, rather than lie in prison here. Please to call Mr Waters.
For the prisoner.
Mr Waters. I cannot tell any thing as to his private character. I have known him 2 or 3 years, I never heard a great deal of him.


                  Paul 
                  Berkenhead 
               



            . I have known him 7 years.
Q. What is his general character?
Berkenhead. Nothing more than an honest, hard-working, industrious man.




               Guilty 4 s. 6 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


