





72. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jettea 
                  



               
            , the younger
, was indicted for that he, together with 
               
                  John 
                  Jettea 
               



             the  elder, and Thomas Jettea  his brother, 


               did steal two cloth surtout coats , value 4 l. 16 s. two frocks, two pair of cloth breeches, one cloth waistcoat, one scarlet everlasting waistcoat with a gold binding ; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Bearnfather 
                        



                      
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bearnfather 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Timothy 
                        Dean 
                     



, Dec. 1
.* 
John Bearnfather, On the 28th of Nov. the prisoner's brother Thomas Jettea, came to my house; (I having known him three or four years ago, when he liv'd with one Mr. Eagle on the other side the water whom I serv'd, which was his excuse in coming to me,) he told me he now liv'd with one captain 
               
                  William 
                  Morris 
               



             in Charterhouse-Square; and told me also I was to go along with him to his house, to take orders for goods; I went with him to Charter-house-Square; there he pointed to a handsome house and told me that was captain Morris's house; and said there is my master's nephew coming out of the house, which was the prisoner at the bar ; he being upon the uppermost step at the door, the prisoner step'd from the door as if he was just come out of the house, the prisoner came to us and ask'd Tom where he had said all that while; and bid him go about his master's business; Tom went away, then the prisoner said are you the Taylor that Tom has recommended to my uncle? I said, yes.
Q. Was this brother in the hearing of this?
Bearnfather. I believe be might hear it; then the prisoner said we had staid till his uncle was gone out, and was at the Crown Tavern at Cripplegate, and he would go with me there, which he did; when we came in there, he went before me, and asked if captain Morris was there; we were shew'd into a room were the pretended captain sat at a table, with pen, ink, and several papers before him; he said to the captain, sir, this is the taylor; upon which the captain asked me several questions concerning my business, and gave me orders for a surtout coat for himself, a frock, breeches, and lace waistcoat ; and he told the prisoner to chuse what he liked for h imself ; he chose a surtout coat of the same cloth, a frock and breeches, and a scarlet everlasting waistcoat with a gold binding lace, and a pair of scarlet shag breeches; after he had bespoke these things, the captain told me in the presence of the prisoner, they must be done by four in the afternoon on the Friday following, saying I don't tell you for what occasion, that they must be done; Perhaps it may be a wedding; here said he to the prisoner, do you go on board, and clear out that pipe of Madeina, and enter them goods at the custom house; for I am going to Gravesend myself, and shall be back on Friday at noon; ( directing himself to me) He said I'll come to your house at four o'clock in the afternoon, and do you get your ready and I'll pay you for your cloaths; accordingly I went home and compleated the order; and on Thursday in the afternoon, I think it was, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jettea 
               



            , that went for the servant, came to me on a frivilous excuse to change the garters of the breeches, and to see how matters went on, and desired I would not fail getting his master's and his master's nephew's cloaths finished by the next day: for there was a wedding in the case, that the captain was going to be married; upon which as I had some little suspicion, I began to ask him several questions; as, how long has your master liv'd in Charter-house-Square; he told me he had liv'd six or seven years, and that he was captain of the William and George, a ship lying off the Hermitage stairs Wapping, and that his master's fillar kept his house; and that he was very sorry for her, for she would be turn'd out upon the account of his new mistress coming home; he went away and on Friday I waited at home, (the goods being done) for the captain's coming ; at a little after four o'clock, instead of the captain, Tom came and brought a letter which was read to this purport.
'' Mr. Bearnfather,
'' I can't possibly wait on you this afternoon, '' so I desire you will come with the '' bearer my servant, and bring all the cloaths, '' and my kinsman's cloaths, and your bill with '' you, and take your money ; and if it does '' not suit you to come to night, I desire you '' will send all the cloaths in a coach, and '' wait on me next Monday, and I will give '' you more orders for a suit of superfine ''cloaths.''
Your's 
               
                  William 
                  Morris 
               



            .
Friday afternoon 4 o'clock, 1752.
I tied the cloaths all up together in a wrapper, and took my servant along with me ; I took a coach in Holborn, and took Tom Jettea in the coach with my servant and me; I came to the Crown tavern at Cripplegate, as Tom directed; there he shew'd me into a room ; where instead of meeting with the pretended captain there sat the prisoner at the bar ready to received me, he asked me whether I had brought all the cloaths, I said yes: He asked me a I came to stay so long, for that the captain had staid as long as he could, and was gone back to his own house in Charter-house-Square; and that the best way I had to do, was to go along with him to his house, and there I might receive my money; the cloaths were laid down by my servant, by my orders, and in his possession, on two chairs in the room, I delivered no bill to him, neither did I tell him what they came to, or any price of them; when I went out of the room with the prisoner, to be shew'd the way to his pretended uncle, I said to my servant ; John, do you be sure to stay here with these things till I come back, he answered, yes, sir; the prisoner lead me to Charter-house-Square, when I came there, said he, I suppose you know the affair, that this is a marriage; and my aunt will be surprized if she sees me come to the house now, because she does not know but that I am on board the ship; you have nothing to do, you know you have no occasion to stay but just to receive your money, and that is the house. (pointing to that house that he seemingly came out of before;) saying I'll wait for you here ; I did not much like the affair, so made all the haste I could, and ran up to the house; I don't believe I was a quarter of a minute in coming to the door; I knocked at it, and a servant happened to be in the entry and opened the door instantly, I asked if it was captain Morris's house, he said no, he knew no such person; I did not stay to make any further inquiry, I ran as fast as I could to the place where I left the prisoner ; which was about forty yards, he was gone ; I ran all the way to the Crown tavern, I believe the time from first setting out and back again, could not be above ten minutes; I went up to the room where I had left the servant and Tom; they and the cloaths where gone, there was only a decanter, in which we had had half a pint of wine, and a candle standing on the table ; I rang the bell and call'd for the master of the house, and told him the suspicions I had, that I had been robbed of some cloaths that I left in the care of a servant; the man said there had been no body in the room but Tom and my man, as he saw, I said I'd stay a little time, and if my servant had not received any injury he'd come back soon ; in about five or six minutes he came; I was a little in a passion with him, and asked him where he had been, and what made him go away after I had given him orders to stay ; he said I had not been gone out of the tavern above five minutes before the captain came in and swore at him, nd was very angry at my being gone to Charter-House-Square, and insisted upon his going after me there to fetch me back, which he did, and I asked him if he gave the cloaths into the custody of Tom or the captain ; he said, no. I advertised the cloaths, and received a letter from a pawnbroker, informing me that he had taken in a waistcoat which he thought to be part of the goods; I went and looked at it, and found it was the blue waistcoat that was made for the pretended captain. The pawnbroker told me that the people who were advertised had been offering cloaths about. I went to another pawnbroker (one Mrs. White in Hounsditch ) and there found my wrapper and a pair of breeches that were made for the prisoner at the bar; I said as he had only pawned them, very likely he'd bring others to change them, and if he did, begg'd he'd stop him; this was on the Tuesday night, and on the Wednesday night the prisoner went there and was stopped, and sent to the Poultry-Compter, and all these cloaths, (part of the goods found in the indictment) were found upon his back; the surtout coat, shag breeches, and laced waistcoat.
Q. Did you see them upon him?
Bearnfather. I did, and desired permission of Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hoare 
               



            , the sitting alderman, that they might be taken off to be produced in evidence against him, and they were; but before I carried him before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hoare 
               



            , I asked him how he could serve me so, and desired he'd tell me what he did after he dropped me in Charter-House-Square, he laughed and told me, that after he left me he went to a house in Smithfield, a place appointed to meet; that he had not been there above a quarter of an hour before the captain and brother came in with the cloaths, and he received his share of them. About two days before this prosecution commenced, I had two people came, as they said, from this Jettea, and they desired I'd make it up by giving me a sum of money, but I did not agree to it; after that I received this threatening letter, to be shot thro' the head, &c. if your lordship pleases to compare it with the other letter I received from the captain, they exactly agree.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether or not he did not say, when he took measure of me, he did accept of the captain for his paymaster ?
Bearnfather. I don't deny that, but I never did deliver them, neither did I intend to deliver the cloaths till I had my money.


                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            . On Friday the first of December my master left the cloaths mentioned in my possession in a room in the Crown tavern near Cripplegate ; I laid them down upon two chairs and sat by them; when the pretended nephew and my master were gone, then I moved to another chair, and looked at a news-paper four or five minutes, in which time came in the pretended captain; he came up the passage, went to the bar, and inquired whether any body had been to inquire for him; he came into the room and asked if the things were come; I replied, they are all ready; he said it was very well, he was going out a little way, but should return very soon; he came in again in about four or five minutes, and said he was going to some place where he had appointed to meet some gentlemen, and was afraid Mr. Bearnfather would stay at his house waiting for him; he desired me to step as far as his house and desire he would return with all the expedition he could; I told him I did not know where his house was ; he said, what, has not your master told you? I replied, no, sir; he then desired I would go to the turning that went out of Long Lane into Charter-House-Square, and inquire for captain Morris's house; I said, sir, your man knows the way better than I do, you had better send him; then he said; d - n your body, do you refuse to go about your master's business? upon that, I took his directions and went as near the place as possible where I thought he lived, and enquired at a publick house at the turning, and was told by the man of the house there was no such person lived thereabouts; a gentleman in the house said he lived about three or four doors on the right hand in the Square, so I went and knocked at the door, and enquired, and was told there was a captain lived there, but it was another name, not Morris; I have forgot the name ; I enquired at two or three other places, but found no such person, so returned back immediately, having no suspicion at all then, and about a hundred yards before I came to the Crown again I met my master, who told me we were robbed of all my cloaths, so I went into the room and all were gone.

Q. from the prisoner. When you went out pursuant to the order, did not he go out with you?
Smith. He went just out at the room door with me, but no farther; he did not go out of the tavern.
Q. from the prisoner. Who did you leave the cloaths in custody of?
Smith. I left them in custody of no person, but in the place where they lay, they were not touch'd by the servant then.
Q. from the prisoner. Who was in the room when you went out?
Smith. The pretended captain's servant.
Prisoner's defence.
In first coming acquainted with this said captain Morris, I failed with him from Boulogne in France with one captain Ogleby, a Scotch gentleman, that came from Leith, and had failed with him twice; I accidentally met with him about four or five months ago in London, my brother being along with me; he said he was very glad to see us, and that he wanted some cloaths to take abroad with him; he asked my brother who was Mr. Eagle's taylor ; that Mr. Eagle was his former master on the other side the water near the king's old barge-house ; the lad replied, Mr. Bearnfather, in Monmouth street, and he is a very honest man, and said he had fetched a waistcoat from his house for his master Eagle; upon which this said captain said, I wish you could go and get a bill or two of him, for I want some cloaths made, and had as lief employ him as another, and if he deals honestly I'll deal with him again ; he went and got a bill, and gave it to this said captain Morris, the captain sent for him to meet him at such a place, but he sent word he could not possibly come; then he sent for him to Charter-House-Square; I had been drinking a pint of beer, and was just come out of the house as the said captain's servant and the prosecutor came; I said, is this the taylor that you said served your master on the other side the water? he replied, I used to serve Mr. Eagle; I said, my brother had given the captain a good character of him, that the captain was gone out to a tavern near Cripplegate; we went together to the tavern, and when he came into the room the captain said, your servant, sir, are you the honest man that worked for Mr. Eagle ? I am just come from abroad and want some cloaths to be made me, saying, my lad gives you an extreme good character; then he ordered him to measure him for these cloaths, and me for mine, and Mr. Bearnfather seemed very willing to accept of him as his pay-master ; I never saw him after till he brought the cloaths to the Crown tavern, being just come from Deptford; Mr. Bearnfather said. where is the captain? the landlord told him he had been there, but was gone home; I asked Mr. Bearnfather if he had a bill, and he said he had; I carried him to the house the captain said he lived at, but was never at the house, only have heard him say he lived there; Mr. Bearnfather said to his servant, do you stay here, and I will go there; the witness says the said captain did come in, but I never went back to the tavern, so can say nothing to that; the captain desired me to meet him at a house in Smithfield, so I went there when I left Mr. Bearnfather, and staid till the captain and his servant came.
To his Character.


                  John 
                  Robertson 
               



            . I bound the prisoner apprentice to me 7 years ago last July. I had known him years before.
Q. How did he behave while with you?
Robertson. He did as other servants did, and behaved as well as any servant could do. I have trusted him with both gold and silver, he never wrong'd me in his life.
Q. What are you?
Robertson. I am a waterman, and barge-master to the worshipful company of merchant-taylors.
Q. What is his general character?
Robertson. I never heard any harm of him at all before.
Q. from the prosecutor. Did not that evidence apply to me, at my house, in order to quash the indictment?
Robertson. I don't understand the meaning of quash, what could I quash ?
Q. Did you ever apply to him at his house, about any thing?
Robertson. I went to him to ask him, whether he would do any favour to him; but I don't know of quashing. I only wanted him to come and speak to the young man.
Q. Did you desire him to quash the indictment, and offer the prosecutor his money again upon so doing?
Robertson. No; I did not that I know of: I know nothing of it. I had no money.
Q. How much of his time did the prisoner serve with you?

Robertson. He served me duly and truly when he was along with me.
Q. How long was that ?
Robertson. A great deal of his time.
Q. How long was that ?
Robertson. I can't tell how long ?
Q Tell as rear as you can recollect. Was it 4 years ?
Robertson. I believe it was not so long.
Q. Was it three years ?
Robertson. I believe not; it was going on of three years, but he came to me afterwards, and work'd for me handsomely.
Prosecutor. This evidence, with a woman who said she was the prisoner's sister, came to me, and said, if I would make up the affair, and not prosecute Mr. Jettea, I should be paid all my expences.
Q. to Smith. Did you hear this conversation ?
Smith. This witness said, he thought it was in my master's power, in case he had all his money, to let him go at his liberty.
Q. Did he say he should have his money again ?
Smith. He said, upon that he should have all his money.
Q. to the prosecutor. Are you in partnership with any body?
Prosecutor. I am with my mother.
Q. to Robertson. Was the prisoner bound to you originally.
Robertson. He was.
Q. Has he a father?
Robertson. He has.
Q. Has he a brother, named Thomas?
Robertson. He has.
Q. Is his father living or dead?
Robertson. I have not seen him these five years.
Q. Has the prisoner an uncle?
Robertson. He had, but he has been dead some years.
Q. Where did the prisoner's father live?
Robertson. He lived by Christ Church, Surry, about Bull-stairs or Bennet-street.
Prosecutor. As soon as I had lost my goods, Tom having liv'd with mr. Eagle a founder, now dead, on the other side of the water, I went there the 2d of December to enquire: the first I enquired of described the three persons; all the watermen I talked with, told me, they were father and two sons, and described them exactly. I found the father answered the description of this pretended captain : I make no doubt but it was the father.
Prisoner. Captain Morris is not my father ; I believe my father is a little an, and so is the captain, which makes people say it was him.


                  Richard 
                  Grace 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since he was a child, and never knew any harm by him any farther than this.
Q Did you know him an apprentice to Robertson ?
Grace. I did.
Q. How long did he serve ?
Grace. I can't justly tell, I believe not above a year or two; he has been some time away, and then come again.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


