






328, 329, (M.) 
               

                              Samuel 
                              Barnfather 
                           



                         
                     
                  , and Elizabeth, his wife





            , were indicted for 


               stealing two linnen curtains, value 6 s. one linnen vallen, value 2 s. one table cloth, one looking glass, one blanket, one copper stew-pan, three copper sauce-pans, and one frying-pan, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Ayres 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in a certain lodging room let by contract to be used by the said Samuel and Elizabeth
            , June 23
. ++.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Ayres 
               



            . I live in Castle-lane, Westminster


; the prisoners are man and wife, they lodged at my house; they left their lodging I think this day month; the things mentioned were let to them with the room; and were all in the room when they came into it; they had run up a large score, and when I asked for money, they put me off from time to time, by saying they had money due to them, and should have some this time and the other time, &c. when they left their lodgings, I went into the room, and missed the goods mentioned in the indictment; they were taken up, and the woman owned where they were, all but the looking glass, and went with me to the pawnbroker's, where I got them again. (Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Adison 
               



            . I live servant with a pawnbroker, at the corner of Russel-court; the woman prisoner, prosecutrix, and constable, came to our house; she asked for the goods, and I delivered them to the constable.
Q. Who pledged the goods at your shop?
Adison. The woman prisoner did, in the name of Dyer; some she brought in March, some in April, and some in May; they were taken before the justice; there they both confess'd the taking the things, and that the woman pawned them all.



                  Patrick 
                  Obed 
               



            . I am the constable, the last witness delivered these goods which are here produced, to me; they have been in my custody ever since the two prisoners were taken before the justice; there they confessed they agreed both together to take the goods, and that she pawned them all.
The prisoners both in their defence said, they were necessitated for money, and so made use of the goods, but intended, when they were able, to put them in their places again.
Samuel 

               Guilty
            , Elizabeth 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


