





276. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Burk 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three silk handkerchiefs, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Graham 
                  




                
            , Sept. 9
. + .


                  Eleanor 
                  Graham 
               



            . My husband's name is Joseph, I live in the Butcher-row


, and am a haberdasher
; on Saturday night last the prisoner came into my shop, and asked for a paper stomacher; I shew'd her half a dozen, she fix'd upon one in about ten minutes, and bid me the price, and laid down 6 d. to pay for it: while she thought I was going to give her change, she cheapened some ribbands; she took hold of a ribband with one hand, and with the other put the handkerchiefs into her apron.
Q. Where did the handkerchiefs lie?
Graham. They lay in the window under the shew-board, with another parcel, three in a piece.
Q. How near the window was she?
Graham. She was standing by the compter, close to the window.
Q. How near was you to her?
Graham. I was on the other side the compter, close to the window; I looked at her at the time.
Q. Did you see her take the handkerchiefs?
Graham. No, but I saw her put down her apron, and I missed the handkerchiefs directly; I asked my sister, that waits in the shop, after the handkerchiefs. she said she had not seen them; then I asked another gentlewoman that stood near the prisoner, she said she knew nothing of them. I was not willing to charge the prisoner with them till I was sure. She said, Mistress, do you think that I have got them. I pulled her apron back, and saw the corner of one; then I said I believe you have got them; upon which she took them from out of her apron, and flung them at me, and d - d, and called me names; (the handkerchiefs produced in the court and deposed to.)
Q. When had you seen them before?
Graham. I had been shewing them to a customer not five minutes before.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Solomon 
               



            . I was in the shop at the time, I did not see the prisoner take the handkerchiefs, but I saw her take them from her apron. Mrs. Graham asked her after them, the prisoner said, are these your handkerchiefs, d - n you, you bitch, and flung them at her. Mrs. Graham had called to her husband, who was above; she took up the handkerchiefs, and laid them on the compter; the prisoner ran out of the shop, but was soon taken, and brought in again: then she went on her knees, and said it was the first fault she ever did.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming home, and went into this shop to buy a stomacher, and brushing against the things, the handkerchiefs fell down; the woman said she missed her handkerchiefs, I look'd down, and saw them lying on the ground; I stooped down, and took them up, and gave them to her.



               Guilty
            .
There was another indictment against her for a crime of the same nature, but that being laid only a single felony, she was not tried on that.




[Transportation. See summary.]


