






35, 36. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  wife

 of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Evans 
                     







            , and 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing twenty yards of silk ribbon, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Lawder 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said James
            , Oct. 22
. ++


                  James 
                  Lawder 
               



            . I live at the corner of Church-Street in the Strand. On the king's coronation day I was from home, and as I was returning by St. Martin's Round-house I saw a mob of people. A gentleman there told me there were two women carried in there, for robbing my shop of ribbons. I went into the Round-house to them. There Evans, upon knowing I was master of the shop, fell on her knees, and beg'd for mercy, and said, she had four children, and had lately buried one. The other prisoner cried, and said but little.
Q. Was you before the justice with them?
Lawder. I was, before justice Cox. The ribbons were there produced. The justice asked me if they were my property, and I said they were. They are here now sealed up. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Evans 
               



             denied knowing the other prisoner. 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Smith 
               



             said she was a destitute girl, and owing Evans money Evans said to her, you must go with me, I'll make pretence to buy some ribbon, to put about a paper hat, and you must steal some, and the signal I sh all give you will be to tread on your foot; which she said she did, when she [that is, Smith] took the ribbon.


                  Ann 
                  Piggot 
               



            . I was in a little room where I could see through a glass into the prosecutor's shop. I saw 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Smith 
               



             take and put something from off the counter under her apron, where we found it. She had a pocket apron.
Q. Who was in the shop then?
A. Piggot. Mrs. Lawder was. Upon seeing this, when Smith turned to go out of the shop, I took hold of her, and said, Child, I believe you have got something, which you have not paid for. She said, indeed I have not. I turned her apron aside, and saw the ribbon in a pocket apron. I made her put her hand in, and take it out, and lay it on the counter. There were two pieces. I gave her a shake, and down fell a third. She beg'd to go, and Evans desired I'd beat her, and let her go about her business. The shop soon fill'd. There came a beadle, and took them both away to the Roundhouse. Evans had bargained for a piece of ribbon, but after Smith had taken the ribbon she pretended to be off her bargain. (The ribbon produced in court.)

Prosecutor. These are my property.
Q. What is the value of them?
Prosecutor. Here is more than twenty yards. They are worth more than what is laid in the indictment.
Both 


               guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


