





285. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Brooks 
                  



               
            , widow, was indicted for 


               stealing two silk gowns, two quilted petticoats, a capuchin, two linnen aprons, two large silver spoons, six silver tea spoons, one pair of silver tea tongs, one silver strainer, one silk waistcoat, one dimitty waistcoat, two linnen frocks, five linnen children's coats, six yards of sattin, and seven linnen caps, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Oxon 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said William
            . May 20
 *


                  Rhodam 
                  Oxon 
               



            . I am wife to William the prosecutor, we keep a hosier and haberdasher's shop
 in White-chapel


, the prisoner had lived servant
 with me one week; on the 20th of May, which was on a Sunday, between eleven and twelve my husband and I went out to dinner at a neighbour's house, we left the prisoner in the house. We returned about two in the afternoon, but she was gone and the door lock'd, so we put our boy in backward, who open'd the door and let us in, that not been double lock'd: we were at home an hour and half before we missed any of the things; but upon searching about afterwards we found all the goods mentioned in the indictment, and other things not mentioned, were missing. She names them over. Some of them were taken out of one room, and some out of another, we advertised them, and in about a week after we found part of them, and part of them were sold to William Reice a falseman in Tothill fields, who upon seeing the advertisement stopp'd her. Here we found the capuchin, and of the six yards of blue sattin which I lost I found about two yards and a quarter; the prisoner went with me to her own lodgings where she delivered to me a gown, a pink silk quilted petticoat, a white quilted petticoat, three tea spoons, tongs, strainer, and the shagreen case, 3 little children's shirts, four or five caps, and the remaining part of the sattin, all which she own'd she had taken from out of the house: then she went with me to the silversmiths where she had sold three tea-spoons and a large one, there I found them. Produced in court and depos'd to.


                  James 
                  Birkingham 
               



            . I am a silver-smith and live near Charing-cross, the prisoner brought this large silver spoon, and three tea spoons to me to sell, the 23rd of May, and she appearing to be a clean person, I bought them of her, and gave her sixteen shillings for them.


                  Peter 
                  Tomb 
               



            . I am constable of the Parish of St. Margaret's, on the 28th of May in the afternoon, a warrant was brought to me to take charge of the prisoner: I took her before justice Lediard, but before we went there, I went with her to her own room, where I found a brown silk gown, three silver tea spoons, a large silver spoon, and a shagreen case; I went also with them to the broker's, and saw the several things mentioned by the prosecutrix, and likewise the plate at the silversmith's shop, which she own'd she took from the prosecutor's house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had not seen my husband for two years and upwards, he came that Sunday and took these things away, I went after him, and beg'd of him to leave them; he said, if I did not be quiet he'd knock me on the head, I have not seen him since, he made me pawn them to raise money to give to him.
Q. to prosecutrix. I wanted a servant, and the prisoner was at a neighbour's house that bears a good character, who told me the prisoner was her cozen, which was all the character I had with her. My husband was in the country at the time.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


