





193. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Martin 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one china quart mug, value 5 s
            . the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Nash 
                  




                
            , Feb. 9
. ||


                  Joseph 
                  Nash 
               



            .  I keep a public-house
 at Brumley


. The prisoner is a waterman
, and had been at my house; I missed the mug some time before he went away. He and another went away together.


                  Henry 
                  Scott 
               



            . When the prisoner and the other man went away, there came a link by the door; I going the same way, took the benefit of it. I came up with them in about three quarters of a mile walking: when I was about 20 yards behind them, I saw the china mug in the prisoner's hand; the prosecutor had told me of it before, and I had been privately looking about the house with him for it, and he told me he suspected the prisoner had it. So I went up to him, and took him by the collar, and said, Jack, that is Mr. Nash's mug, give it me; he put it into his bosom, then he took me fast by the collar. I cry'd out I had stop'd a thief; the person along with him stood close by us, but neither assisted me or him. I said again, he had robb'd Mr. Nash of a china mug. Then he threw it over a wall belonging to the Widow Withers. I went and knock'd at the door, and got a candle and lanthorn, and went into the yard behind the wall, and pick'd up the mug broke in pieces. The pieces were produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor, and one of the same pattern compared with it, which he brought.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was at Mr. Nash's house this night, and drank four or five pots of slip. After the reckoning was paid, Mr. Ambler and I went away together; I fell down three or four times, and I pick'd up this mug near a pair of gates where lay some dung; I did not know whether it was a common white mug or a china mug; and in walking about a quarter of a mile, this Mr. Scot came after me, and said I stole it. So I shov'd him up against the wall, and threw it over the wall.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


