





344. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Gainer 
                  , otherwise 
Genour




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing four pieces of lawn, value 13 l. twenty-four linnen handkerchiefs, value 10 s. six pieces of irish cloth. and one piece of clothing, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eleanor 
                           Bainham 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Eleanor
            , July 3
. +


                  Eleanor 
                  Bainham 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar was my servant
, on the 3d of July she gave away some of my goods to a neighbour's maid, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Harriman 
               



             ; there was three pieces of lawn, and one cotton handkerchief; the servant came and told me of it, I then went and took the prisoner to my own house, I desired she would confess, which she did, and wrote a confession with her own hand, (she produces one, which was read to this purport,) Mrs. Wilkinson a quantity of irish, four bits of lawn a present, one cotton handkerchief a present, one piece of clouting, pawn'd by I don't know who. one piece of Silesia, sold in Middle-row, three cotton handkerchiefs, a quantity of Irish, sent to Middle-row, a yard I burnt, a piece of Irish which I dropp'd in Soho, and a piece of Irish I gave away.
Q. When she wrote that paper, did she confess she took the things mentioned in it, from you?
E. Bainham. She did.
Q. Where did she say she took them from?
E. Bainham. Out of my shop belonging to my dwelling house.
Q. When she wrote this paper and signed it, what arguments were made use of to make her do it?
E. Bainham. Not one present asked her any one question, it was of her own accord.
Q. Was there no promises made to her, that you would not prosecute ?
E Bainham. No, there was none at all.
Q. Did you not promise her you would be favourable in your prosecution?
E. Bainham. I said she must suffer the law, but I would do all I could to save her life.


                  Sarah 
                  Harriman 
               



            . The prisoner came to our shop for an errand for her mistress on the 3d of July, she brought me two remnants of lawn and one cotton handkerchief, I carried them over immediately to her mistress.
Q. For what purpose did she bring them to you?
S. Harriman. She brought them, and desired I would let her leave them there, till she called for them.


                  Robert 
                  Loops 
               



            . Mrs. Bainham sent for me on the 2d or 3d of July, and told me her maid had gone from her and robbed her, we went to a friend of the girls, and she was not there; then we had information she was at the Black-dog at the Seven-Dials, we went there, I went to her and said, she had used her mistress ill, and said she must go before the constable, the girl came with me directly, and made no resistance at all.
Q. Did she make any confession?
R. Loops. None but what she wrote.
Q. Did you see her write it?
R. Loops. I did, but what particular things is in it. I cannot recollect, she told her mistress she would put down every thing that she had took from her, her mistress never asked her to do it.
Q. Is this the paper?
R. Loops. (He looks at it.) As to the paper, I can't swear to it, but it seems to be the same handwriting ; her mistress has had it in her custody ever since.
Prisoner's Defence :
I am not guilty of the fact.
For the Prisoner.


                  James 
                  Bellinger 
               



            . I have known the prisoner this 6 years, I never knew any harm of her.


                  Benjamin 
                  Boymers 
               



            . I have known her this 6 years, and I never heard any ill character of her.


                  Richard 
                  Spicer 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about 3 years, and I never knew any thing but that she was a very honest quiet girl.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


