





279. (M.) 
               
                  Frances, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Norris 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing twenty yards of lace, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Vale 
                        




                      
                  , privately
             in the said William, June 13.*.


                  William 
                  Vale 
               



            . On Friday the thirteenth of June last, the prisoner was at my house in Tavistock-street


, I was not within at her taking the lace; but I saw them taken from her by 
               
                  William 
                  Cheively 
               



            , they were hanging on her arm, with her apron turned over them (producing three pieces.) These are them, they are my property; and were made near Newport-pagnell, Buckinghamshire.


                  William 
                  Cheively 
               



            . I live next door to the prosecutor; I took these three pieces of lace from the prisoner, about two or three in the afternoon, on the thirteenth of June.
Q. did you see her take them?
Cheively. No, but I saw Mr. Vale's servant come by my door, and hip to the prisoner, who was going from his shop. She stopped, he said now madam I have catched you; he brought her back to his master's door, I followed him, he desired to know what she had got under her apron; she unturned it from over her arm, there I saw these three pieces of lace, and took them; she seemed to be in a great confusion, and denied the taking the lace, and said; a woman had thrown it into her lap. I put my seal upon them, after I had put them in a paper, and they have not been opened till I came into court.


                  John Timothy 
                  Swanson 
               



            . I am journeyman to the prosecutor; the prisoner came to our shop to buy some lace; I shewed her some, I saw her take two of the pieces, and suffered her to go out of the shop about ten yards; then called her back, and we found three pieces upon her, all my master's property. She was taken before the justice, there she told me a woman had thrown it into her apron.
Q. to Mr. Vale. What is this lace worth?
Prosecutor. It cost me upwards of 4 l.
Prisoner's defence.
I am very innocent of the Affair, I know no more of it, than the child unborn.
To her character.


                  Elisabeth 
                  Stokes 
               



            . I have known the prisoner six or seven years; as to this, I have nothing to say to it, but I never heard any harm of her before.


                  George 
                  Mabbs 
               



            . I have been acquainted with her ten or a dozen years; she is very honest, and very good for what ever I heard.
Fra. Brittain. I remember her twenty five years.
Q. Have you known her lately ?
Brittain. I have.
Q. What is her general character ?
Brittain. I never knew any harm of her.



                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known her two years, I never heard any thing ill of her in my life.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the shop
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


