





503. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Swift 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hanson 
                  




                
            , Sept. 10
. + .


                  Richard 
                  Hanson 
               



            . On the 10th of Sept. I was serjeant of Chelsea guards
; the prisoner came to me and told me she had been at a cricket match on Chelsea Common that day; she said she was servant
 to an officer of the house, and beg'd of me to let her lie down on my bed. (she was very drunk, She said she had 4 s. a week of her master, and that if they were to see her in that condition they would turn her out of their service. I let her lie down on my bed. I believe she lay two hours or more. When she got up I asked where she would go and lay ? she said at nurse Watson's (who was one of the nurses of the house.) I thought the prisoner belonged to the House. She desired I would wait upon her to the gate and see her in, and she would come in the morning and return me thanks. I saw her in at the gate, and when she had got a little way she ran; I went back and found my watch gone, which I hung at my bed, and had done for 19 years; when I had wound it up I always hung it there. I ran and called to the corporal of the guards if he had let any body out ? he said, yes, a servant to an officer of the guards, and that she said she would be back presently, Egad, said I, she will not come back any more, for she has got my watch. I ran after her, but could not find her that time; but she had not had the watch above an hour before she was stopt with it at the Round-house in St. Martin's Lane. She was carried before justice Cox, and there she swore that doctor Ward's man gave it her for 3 or 4 shillings. There was a seal which I valued; I desired her to let me have it and I would give her a shilling, tho' it was not worth a penny; she said if I would go back with her to Bridewell she would give it me, which I did and gave her the shilling.


                  William 
                  Parkiston 
               



            . About 1 in the morning the prisoner came up to me as I was on the watch, and said she wanted to speak with me; I went out to her; she said she had got a watch, and that she had lent 3 s. upon it; I ordered her to come into the Round-house and sit till the morning, that the man might have the watch and she the money. I had her before justice Cox; there she said she had it from doctor Ward's man; he was sent for, and he said he never saw the woman before with his eyes.
Q. Was she drunk or sober at that time?
Parkiston. She was middling well, enough to give a rational answer.
(The watch produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Thomas 
                  Jakes 
               



            . I was before the justice. After Mr. Hanson had described the watch, the justice said, he believed it was his; she said she had it from doctor Ward's man, who gave it to her for 3 or 4 shillings; when he came he denied it. When the prosecutor claimed the watch and seal, she said she would give him the seal for a shilling if he would go back to Bridewell, and he went and had it.
Prisoner's defence.
He gave me the watch with his own hands; I refused taking it; he insisted on my taking of it, and had his will and power of me, and brought another man but I would not let him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


