





221. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hunt 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two adzs, val. 2 s. one saw, val. 2 s. one iron shaving tool, val. 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Cornelius 
                     Harrison 
                  




                
            , April 19
. ||


                  Cornelius 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I am a cooper
 and live in Conduit-street, near Swallow street


, on the 19th of April last, I was called up by the cry of a thief was breaking into my cellar, about twelve at night. The prisoner had formerly work'd with me; he was taken when I got up, and the two adz, saw, and shaving tool were found upon him, produc'd in court and depos'd to. The hinge of the door was fast when I went to bed, but broke when I got up.


                  Thomas 
                  Sibley 
               



            . I am a baker, I had been making my dough, on the 19th of April, about twelve at night, I heard a noise of breaking, I looked to the prosecutor's cellar door, and saw one half of the door broke, soon after I saw the prisoner come up out of the cellar, on which I asked him what business he had there; he said, he work'd with that man, I alarm'd the prosecutor, the prisoner ran down Swallow-street, I call'd, 
               
                  Thomas
                   Grant
                  




             stepp'd him and brought him back: we found the things mentioned in the indictment upon him.


                  Thomas 
                  Grant 
               



            . I came out to make water and heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw a man run by me, I followed and laid hold of his collar, it was the prisoner at the bar; he call'd me by my name, and said you know me: I said I know nobody at this time of night. We found the things mentioned upon him.
The prisoner had nothing to say for himself.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


