





352. (L.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Fare 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth great coat, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Crasteyn 
                  




                
            , Esq
; June 3
 ++ .


                  Robert 
                  Piper 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Crasteyn; the coat was his, but it was in my care. I lost my coat from off the coach-box on Whitson Monday, and having seen the prisoner there I suspected him. I took him about a fortnight after in Cheapside as he was buying some cherries; I ask'd him if he knew me, he said yes, and that he had seen me in the coach yard. I charg'd him with taking the coat, and going along he confess'd he stole it, and sold it in Rag-Fair for seven shillings. I took him to my Lord Mayor, and he confess'd the same.


                  Abraham 
                  Lacy 
               



            . I am the constable that was charg'd with the prisoner; I took him before my Lord Mayor; I heard him confess taking the coat there, and also as we were going there.
Q. Was he sober when he confessed it?
Lacy. He was.
Prisoner's defence.
I have been thro' the yard several times when I liv'd at the Cock eating house, near the Royal Exchange, but I know nothing of it. He took me up, and carried me from Alehouse to Alehouse, and told me if I would own the taking the coat before my Lord Mayor, I should be clear, and so I owned it. He went to the house in Rag-Fair, and the people said they never bought such a thing.
To his Character.


                  Edward 
                  Regan 
               



            . I have known the prisoner two years; I never heard any ill of him before this transaction.


                  Margaret 
                  Gready 
               



            . I have known him these twelve months; I never knew any ill of him before this.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


