





119. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Brown 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one rug, value 1 s. two blankets, value 2 s. and one sheet, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jackson 
                  




                
            , Feb. 13
. *
Thomas Jackson. I live in Mutton-lane, at the bottom of Clerkenwell-green


: on the 13th of this instant Feb. I lost a rug, two blankets, and a sheet.
Q. Did the prisoner lodge at your house?
Jackson. No.
Q. Why do you charge her?
Jackson. Because she acknowledged she had taken them, and carried me to a place where she had disposed of them.
Q. Where was that?
Jackson. she took me to the house of Mr Bell in Peter-street.
Q. Did you promise to excuse her, if she would tell you where the goods were ?
Jackson. No, I did not: these I found the pair of blankets. Produced in court, deposed to by prosecutor's wife.
Mary Bell. The prisoner came to me and told me she was a poor woman, whose husband was at sea, and had three small children, and she was obliged to sell her blankets; I bought two blankets like these of her, but I can't say these are the same.
Q. to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jackson 
               



            . Are there any marks on them by which you know them ?


                  Mary 
                  Jackson 
               



            . A cat kittened on one of them and stained it, by which I know that, and the other is the fellow to it.


                  Thomas 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I found the sheet at Mr Warner's in St John's-street, and the rug at 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Benjamin 
               



            's in Cow-cross. Produced in court.


                  Mary 
                  Jackson 
               



            . These are my property, the sheet is coloured by the Ebony wood that our men turn, it makes their linnen and sheets in which they lie, of a yellow colour.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Warner 
               



            . I am a Pawn-Broker, and live in St John's-street, near the Pound: the prisoner brought this street to me on the 21st of February instant: I lent her eighteen-pence on it, and about two hours after came the prosecutor and she and asked me for it; I show'd it to them; the prisoner acknowledged in my hearing, that it was the prosecutor's property, and returned me a shilling of the money which she had not spent.


                  Abraham 
                  Benjamin 
               



            . I am a Broker: the prisoner brought this rug to me; she said she had bought a bedstead of me about six weeks before; she said she wanted to dispose of the rug, and I bought it of her.
Prisoner's defence.
I was taken up last Tuesday was a week for these things, and carried before Justice Keeling, and there I was acquitted, and now they try me again.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


