





233. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one guinea the money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Welch 
                        




                      
                   privately from his person
            .

Feb. 25
. ++


                  John 
                  Welch 
               



            . On Monday last about nine o'clock at night, I met with the prisoner in James's-street Covent-garden, she ask'd me if I would give her a dram, I went with her into Rose-street


 to a house, not an alehouse, and call'd for a quartern of rum, she carried me to that house, before I had drank it, she ask'd me to pay for it; I went to feel in my breeches pocket, and I had lost a guinea in gold and three shillings in silver.
Q. When did you perceive it last in your pocket?
Welch. I had pull'd it out of my pocket as I went along with her, fearing I should lose it, and put it into my pocket again.
Q. Was there any other person with you?
Welch. No, my lord, there were only she and I together.
Q. How long had you been in the room before you miss'd your money?
Welch. Not above ten minutes, I told her I would charge the constable with her, she said she knew nothing about it, we were in a two pair of stairs room backwards, I sat down by her I did not lie down.
Q. Who brought you up your rum?
Welch. A little boy.
Q. Did you perceive her hand near your money?
Welch. I felt her hand in my pocket.
Q. Why did you not seize her hand at that time ?

Welch. Because she was too nimble for me. She whipped it into her mouth.
Q. Did you see her put it into her mouth?
Welch. No, my lord, I did not.
Q. Why do you say so then?
Welch. because it was found in her mouth. I sent for these two women (that are come here to give evidence) up stairs and told them I had lost so much money; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Brown 
               



             looked in her face and said she has it in her mouth. They both of them held her mouth, while I put my finger in and pulled it out; they held her, fearing she should bite me.
Q. What money did you take out?
Welch. Only the guinea.
Q. Can you swear by any particular mark it was your guinea?
Welch. No, my lord, I cannot. I did not find the three shillings upon her. After this I charg'd the constable with her, she did not deny the thing; before the justice she said, if she had not been fuddled, she would not have done it.


                  Mary 
                  Hutchins 
               



            . I keep this house; Mrs. Brown called out to me to come up, on Monday night between 9 and 10 o'clock; I went up, it was in a one pair of stairs room, the man said he had lost his money. I saw the prisoner sitting by the window, the man was standing upright in the room. 
               
                  Betty 
                  Brown 
               



             was in the room at that time; I asked what was the matter? the man told me, he had lost a guinea and some silver; he did not know whether 3 or 4 shillings: I asked her how she could come there to rob any body? she hit me a slap on the face, Mrs. Brown said, it is in her mouth; I put my two thumbs to the side of her cheeks, and said she should not swallow it, and the man put his fingers in her mouth and pulled out the guinea; he taxed her with some silver, and some bottle-screws and teeth (I suppose what they call black-a-moor's teeth) but nothing was found but two shillings and two-pence halfpenny in her pocket, and he said he had given her that. He insisted upon sending for a constable, then she beg'd and prayed of me to make it up.
Q. to Welch. Did you give the prisoner 2 s.?
Welch. I did, my lord, when I first met with her; but I had three shillings besides that, when I went there.
Q. from a Juryman. What did you give her the 2 s. for?
Welch. Because we was likely to be concerned together, but it did not happen so.
Eliz. Brown. I was going up stairs, the prisoner and prosecutor were in the room; the door was shut, the man called out and said, he was robb'd. I said to her, if you have got his money give it to him again; then I saw it in her mouth, so I called the woman of the house up. The money drop'd out of her mouth upon the table, as the woman of the house held her mouth. She was searched, and some odd halfpence were found in her pocket, she said she was drunk when she took it, and desired to make it up.
Prisoner's defence. I was going along, that man picked me up; he asked me to go to drink, I carried him to that woman's house, he gave me the guinea to stay with him all night.




               Guilty, but not of privately stealing
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


