





486. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Gentery 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hawkins 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing out there two silver watches, val. 6 l.
             the goods of the said John, Aug. 5
. ++


                  John 
                  Hawkins 
               



            . I live in Middle row, St. Giles's


; and deal in hardware
, I lost two silver watches out of my window the last execution day at night; they were taken from off a nail.
Q. Did you see the watches taken away?
Hawkins. No, they were both hanging in my window; there was a steel chain to one, and a catgut to the other. I had an occasion to go up stairs, upon which I locked the door and went up, and, at my coming down (not having been gone above two minutes) I found the sash was forced up, and the watches gone, and that some pencils and other things had fallen out at the window.
Q. Was the sash fastened down?
Hawkins. It was not properly fastened down. I had put in a nail to fasten it down, but it was too little for the gimblet hole. That night I went to justice Fielding's, and advertised the watches, but never heard any thing of them, till irish Ben turned evidence, which was about 6 weeks after. Then I heard one of them was at a pawnbroker's in Chiswell street. The prisoner was taken up; he then owned they had sold the other watch to a Jew in Angel court, Devonshire square. I went there but the Jew was gone.


                  James 
                  Erwin 
               



            . I live in Chiswell street, and am a pawnbroker. On the 20th of August, my father and I were in the shop, the prisoner brought this watch, (producing one) and pawned it to my father for two guineas.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
Erwin. I have many times, I have known him three years, he had pawned the outside case of this watch to my father on the sixth of Aug. for 3 s. 6 d. and fetched it out in three or four days.
Q. to prosecutor. Look at this watch, do you know it?
Prosecutor. I do, this is one of the 2 I lost.


                  Benjamin 
                  Harper 
               



            . I went to the justice, there the prisoner had made an information against me for several things.
Q. Do you remember any thing of taking this watch?
Harper. I went once to call him, he lodged at one 
               
                  Kate 
                  Horn 
               



            's. I asked him to get up, he said he had got a watch in his pocket, marked with two fives and a one; I said, where did you get it? he said in St. Giles's, and after that he said at Hawkins's, at a stick shop in St. Giles's, and shewed me the house, as we were walking that way, and took out a hammer, and said, this is the hammer with which I wrenched the window up.
Q. When did he tell you this?

Harper. It was about a week after the last execution.
Q. Look at this watch.
Harper. He takes it and opens it. This is the same watch, at that time the glass was loose, and he told me it was advertised; that it was advertised in a wrong name. About two days after I asked him if he would sell it, he said, yes, I will; then he asked me to go with him to a pawnbroker, a little man in Chiswell street I went and staid at the door while he went in and pawned it.
Q. to Hawkins. Do you keep a stick shop?
Hawkins. I have a row of sticks stand for sale at my door.
Q. What do you value the watch at?
Hawkins. At 3 guineas, I value them both at six pounds.
Prisoner. Irish Ben told justice Fielding that I got the watch of a suckey cull, please to ask the pawnbroker about it.
Erwin, to the question. I did hear the evidence say, that the prisoner told him he had it of a suckey cull, and Mr. Fielding said, Ben, what is the meaning of that word? his answer was, he could not tell.
Prisoner's Defence.
About three weeks ago I left work about nine at night - and went to the George alehouse, in Broad St. Giles's. I sat drinking there about an hour, going home at the end of Middle Row, a man came pushing against me, and pushed me down. I said, what do you mean by that? he said, don't be angry; I said you are a scoundrol for your pains; he said, let's drink together, so I went with him to drink. In about half an hour after we were there, he pull'd out a watch. I said, what is it o' clock? he said it was about a quarter after 10. I thought it strange to see such a poor ragged man with such a watch. I said to him you'll get yourself in some damage if you are seen with this, for he did not look as if he was used to wear a watch; he was in liquor, he came home with me to my own door; then he said, do you live here? I said yes; then he said, I wish you could help me to a chap for my watch, I said I cannot to night; he said if you'll take care of it I'll come on the morrow, and go along with you and sell it; so he delivered it to me, and I never saw him since, or before. I wore it in my pocket a fortnight.
To his character.
Mr. Nash. I am a coachmaker, the prisoner worked with me about 5 weeks, till he was taken up he behaved very well with me.
Justice Olney. I have known him about fifteen months. I am a coachmaker, he worked with me that time, he behaved extremely well, I never missed any thing the time he was with me.
Q. What might he earn a week ?
Olney. He earned a guinea a week.
Q. How came you to part from him?
Olney. Because business fell off.


                  Thomas 
                  Oliver 
               



            . I keep a publick house, I have known him 11 or 12 months, he used my house, he paid honestly and honourably, and behaved very civilly.
Mrs. Hust. I have known him about twelve months, he lodged at my house about half a year, he bore a very honest character, he paid me very honestly.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


