





358. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one brass pail with a copper bail, value 14 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Swish 
                        



                      
                  ; one copper sauce-pan
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Godard 
                  



                
            , May 18
 ++.


                  Thomas 
                  Swish 
               



            . I live at the Palentine houses in Newington road


: I lost my pail last Saturday night. On Tuesday reading the papers I saw it advertised, stop'd, supposing to be stolen. I went as directed, and described it before I saw it. It was produced in court and deposed to.


                  Jane 
                  Godard 
               



            . The other evidence lodges with me: I lost a copper sauce-pan on Saturday night, and saw it again yesterday before my Lord-mayor, I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Bond 
               



            . I am a constable, I live in Shoemaker row. On Monday last between eleven and twelve o'clock, there were some goods offer'd to sale at a place call'd Broad-court in our parish. I went with the person, the prisoner was coming with the pail on his head in a bag with some dock leaves, his sister had two sauce-pans in her apron; I stop'd the prisoner, and catch'd him in several stories about the things, so I carried him before the sitting alderman, he order'd me to carry him to the Compter, and advertise the things, which I did; the man came and described the pail and swore to it, and the woman to one of the sauce-pans.
Prisoner's Defence.
My brother is foreman to a nightman, we were together in Hounsditch ; a soldier was coming along, he said, do you want a jobb ; said I, cockey, I shall be glad of a jobb. Said he, will you carry this bundle (what was in the bag I did not know ) I was to carry it into the Minories; when I came into the middle of Hounsditch I saw him talk to a Jew woman, I cross'd the turning he was to turn up; when I came into Shoemaker-row he bid me set them down, I laid them on a stall; he staid a pretty while, so I went to him, and said, come cockey, don't hinder me in another jobb, I cannot spend the whole day with you; he and the woman was as near together as I am to your worship. The mob gather'd round me, and which way he and the woman went I don't know.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


