





86. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Sterney 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 40 pounds weight of cheese, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Jennings 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said Richard
            , December 27
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Jennings 
               



            . I am a joiner
, and my wife keeps a cheesemonger's shop at Charing-Cross


; I was in the cellar, and on the 27th of December, about nine at nights, I heard the cry, stop thief! so I went up stairs, and there was the prisoner down on her knees, and asked me to forgive her, saying it was the first time.
Q. What was she charged with ?
Jennings. With stealing a cheese and almost half another, which was then in the shop. I did not see her take it.


                  Frances 
                  Jennings 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor I was gone into the parlour, at which time the prisoner took an opportunity of coming into the shop, I did not see her come in, but I saw her go out, she had a clock on.
Q. Was the parlour door open?
F. Jennings. It was shut, but it is a glass door, through which I saw her, so went into the shop directly, and missed a whole cheese and almost half another, which just before were standing one upon another.
Q. How near to the shop door?
F. Jennings. They were about two yards from it on a block; I called out, and my two boys followed her, and took her within a 100 yards of the door, and brought her and the cheese back again; she asked my pardon on her knees, and said she never did such a thing before. The cheese was produced in court and deposed to.


                  James 
                  Jennings 
               



            . My mother called out, stop thief! I was in the parlour with her; I and my brother ran out and stopped the prisoner about three doors from our shop, she had the whole cheese under one arm and the piece of cheese under the other. My brother took it from her. There came a man as she was going to cross the way, with whose assistance we brought her back again; these are the same cheeses which are here produced that we took from her.
Q. Had you seen them in the shop before that time?
Jennings. I had about a quarter of an hour before, they were standing on a block on the right hand in the shop; the prisoner fell on her knees and asked pardon, and said she never did such a thing before.
Prisoner's Defence.
I don't chuse to take my trial, except I first see whether they are the same cheeses that were taken from me.
Court. They have swore they are.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


