





111. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Howland 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Harper 
                     



                  , Esq; on 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Harper 
                        




                      
                  , gentleman, feloniously did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person one gold watch, with a shagreen case, and one cornelian seal, set in silver, value 5 l. one guinea, and three shillings, in money number'd, and two pieces of silver, value 2 s. his property
            , December 28
*. 
Samuel Harper. On the 28th of December last, about eight o'clock, I was sitting in my brother 
               
                  Robert 
                  Harper 
               



            's chamber all alone. Somebody knock'd at the door. I bid them come in. A person came in, and asked for Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Harper 
               



            . I said he was not within, but if he had any thing to say to him he might communicate it to me, and I would acquaint him with it. He went away, and in a very few minutes returned, and without any ceremony came up to the table where I sat, threw down the candle from the table, and put the light out. He then offered a paper, which I suppose was to amuse me while he seized me. He seized me, and demanded my watch and money; which I told him he should have, and gave him the watch, which was a gold one, in a shagreen case, with a cornelian seal to it. I gave him a guinea in gold, three or four shillings in silver, an old shilling, and a square piece of silver, with the marshal De Surely's name on it. Then he threatened greatly what he'd do, if I attempted to hinder his getting off. He went then out at the door, and I bolted it after him, and call'd out thieves, and I believe murder, and every thing I could, to induce people to stop him; but upon hearing no more of him I went to justice Fielding, and described his person. The description was thus: '' A young man, middle size, slender, with something '' remarkable on his face, either a scald or '' small-pox, or other distemper or accident, his '' face being very red.'' * I saw him at justice Fielding's five weeks and a day afterwards. He was taken up by a pawnbroker, in attempting to pawn this watch.
 * The prisoner answered all the descriptions, except that of his face.
Q. Did you observe it to be the same person that came the second time?
Harper. I did.
Q. Did you know him then?
Harper. No.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Harper. Yes, I did, very well. He was an apprentice part of his time to a stationer, that is employed to write for me.
Q. Was he disguised?
Harper. From what I observed since, I believe he was. I believe he had some skin or paint put over the lower part of his face.
Q. What did you think with regard to his voice?
Harper. I can't say I could believe it to be his, or any other particular person's voice.


                  Walter 
                  Rotchford 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at the corner of Russel-Court. On the 21st of January, about eight in the evening, or a little after, the prisoner brought a watch to me to pawn. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor to be the same watch he delivered to the person who demanded it, the 28th of December, &c.) I was in the parlour, and saw the watch delivered to the boy. The prisoner wanted three guineas and a half upon it. I said to the boy bring the book, that is, a book in which we set all the watches down we find advertised to be stolen. There I saw, Lost a gold watch, a shagreen case, name 
               
                  William 
                  Wright 
               



            , but no number. This watch has a number. I said to the prisoner, how came you by this watch? He said, it was his father's, that he was dead, and his mother had given it to him. I said, here is a watch advertised like this, but no number; this may not be the watch, but it is described very nearly. Then he said, I'll call to morrow morning. I said, it is but a little way to go to enquire, you may as well go with me now. He was going out, and I laid hold on his coat. He said, don't hold me. Going to justice Fielding's, where it was advertised, I took hold of him, and we went hand in hand. About fifty or sixty yards before we got there, he got away from me, about four or five yards. I said, this does not look well to want to run away. Then he said, I beg you will not take me to justice Fielding. I took him there, and the justice sent for Mr. Harper, who came, and swore to the watch in the prisoner's presence. Mr. Fielding asked the prisoner where he had the watch. He said, the person he had it of should be nameless, for reasons best known to himself.


                  Christopher 
                  Potter 
               



            . I am a watch maker. This watch ( taking it into his hand ) I had of Mr. Harper to clean. I gave it to Mr. Bostock to clean for me, which he did, and I delivered it back to Mr. Harper.
Mr. Bostock. I clean'd this watch for Mr. Potter. The name is 
               
                  William 
                  Wright 
               



            , No. 1238.
Prosecutor. When the prisoner was before justice Fielding, the justice asked him if he had heard of this robbery, or had read the advertisement of this watch. He owned he had, and yet went to pawn it afterwards.
Q. Did you observe what cloaths the person had on that rob'd you?
Prosecutor. I did; and believe the prisoner had the same on, when before the justice.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought this watch. I'll read a paper how I came by it. (He reads a paper as follows:) '' I '' happened to go to Johnson's coffee-house, in '' Johnson's-Court, Charing Cross, on Friday the '' 17th of January, 1757, in the morning about '' eleven o'clock, where a person sitting opposite '' to me happen'd to read an advertisement of a '' person on Snow-Hill, or Ludgate-Hill, I can't '' say which, giving the full value for any thing '' that was pledged. He said, he thought a watch '' and such things were unnecessary on board a '' ship, and therefore would dispose of them at the '' aforesaid place. I said, I believed they would '' never advance so much money by half, as the '' commodity was worth, and that it was better '' to sell them outright; for as he was going on '' ship board he could not take them out again '' before the time was past, in which they were '' to be redeemed; then they would be unavoidably '' lost. He seem'd to acquiesce to what I said, '' and immediately pull'd out a watch from his '' pocket, and shew'd it me. I said, I am no '' judge, but if we could agree about the price, I '' would buy it of him; so I gave him a written '' direction where to find me, which was at Mr. '' Boyden's, in Plough Court, Fetter-Lane. He '' came to me the Sunday following, and left me '' the watch; saying, he would call again at night. '' He accordingly came, and took the watch '' with him. I put on a pair of shoes, and went '' to him immediately where he ordered, which '' was at the Black-Raven, Fetter-Lane, just '' opposite. I paid him 4 l. 10 s. there for it. I '' have a receipt here to produce for the money. '' That is the same watch which I offered to '' pawn. The name of the person I bought it '' of was John Green. I believe he is now at sea. '' I never saw him before, or since. I have fourteen '' or fifteen persons here to my character.''
To his Character.


                  Joseph 
                  Boyden 
               



            . I live in Plough-Court, Fetter-Lane.
Q. Do you know one Green?
Boyden. No, I do not.
Q. Do you remember his being at your house with the prisoner?
Boyden. No, I know nothing of his acquaintance. I serv'd my time to the same gentleman that he did part of his. I had employed him about a fortnight before he was taken up, and he behaved extremely well. I look upon him to be a very sober, diligent, honest man. I remember I had been out and heard of this robbery, and when I came home I told him of it, and he seem'd to be very much surprised at it.
Q. Can you be sure whether he was in your house all that night, the time of the robbery?
Boyden. No, I cannot. He wrote by his own choice that night, but whether all night, I can't say. One Sunday I had been to take a walk, and when I came back the prisoner had been writing some skins for me. There hung a yellow watch by him. I asked him what watch that was. He said a young man had lent it to him to write by.


                  John 
                  Richardson 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from his birth. I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life.

Mr. Winter. The prisoner took a lodging of me about a fortnight after Christmas last; he behaved very honestly, and was very industrious.


                  Charles 
                  Hore 
               



            . I have known him about ten years. I never heard any body speak ill of him, he is a sober well behaved young fellow.


                  William 
                  Hore 
               



            . I have known him from his infancy. I never heard any ill of him before this.


                  Ann 
                  Throp 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was born. I always took him to be as sober a person as ever was born. I never heard the least ill word of him in my life.
Fra. Vaughan. I have known him sixteen years, I never heard any thing amiss of him; he lodged with me about last Michaelmas, and behaved extremely well, he was never out of his lodgings after ten or eleven o'clock.




               Acquitted of the robbery.Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


