





275. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jennings 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one copper tea-kettle, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown 
                  




                
            , March 9
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live in Ab-Church lane


: I lost a copper tea-kettle, March 5, the first time I saw it again, was in the constable's hands.
Jos. Brown. I am constable, and live in Sherburne-lane ; I was at my door, March 5, making water, turning to go in doors, saw a young woman and a porter have hold on the prisoner, knowing I was a constable, they charg'd me with him : I found a tea-kettle in the lining of his coat, and have had it in my custody ever since. ( Produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner. Was I not standing still when you first saw me?
Brown. They were bringing him down the lane, the porter had hold of his collar, and the young woman of his left arm, pulling him.


                  Sarah 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Brown: I had put the tea-kettle half full of water upon the cistern, I saw the prisoner come through the kitchen, to go out a doors, with water running out of his pocket, I did not see the kettle then, but went and saw it was gone, then I and the porter that plies in Change-alley, cried out and ran after him, and followed him by the crack of the water, we took hold on him and took him to Mr. Brown the constable, he took the kettle out of the lining of his coat or pocket. ( She is shewed the kettle, and deposed it was her master's property.)
Prisoner's defence.
I was at the gentleman's house that morning; he keeps a publick house: I had overtaken an acquintance of mine in Paul's Church-yard, he had several saucepans and pots on his arm, he told me he was going into Fen-Church street, he gave me a tea-kettle to hold, and said, if I would stay and drink the beer out, he'd come again: I staid about an hour, he did not come; I had another pot of beer, then he not coming, I went to ease myself, and set down my kettle, and by mistake, being in liquor, took up the wrong one, and put it in my coat and went out, I thought I had got my own: I was making water when they took me, almost before the constable's door; I had not seen the man of whom I had the kettle three or four years before, nor have I seen him since.
Q. to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Spencer 
               



            . Had the prisoner been drinking at your house?
S. Spencer. He had; he came in about 12, and staid till 5, he did not seem to be in liquor when he went out.
Q. to constable. Was the prisoner sober?
Brown. He seemed to be very sober.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


