





238. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Martin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 19th of May
, about the hour of two in the night of the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Hutton 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, did break and enter, and steal one copper scale, value 12 d. four pounds weight of starch, one velvet-hood, half a pound of flower of mustard, one pair of cambrick ruffles, and one pound weight of candles, the goods of the said Mary, in her dwelling house
            .* 
Mary Hutton. I had left my house very safe when I went to bed on the 19th of May at eleven o'clock, in the morning. I was awaked by the watch, and found my window shutters pull'd down and the window broke, and the goods laid in the indictment were taken away (produced in court.) I can swear to the copperseale, the velvet hood and cambrick ruffles; the other things I can't positively swear to.


                  Thomas 
                  Creswell 
               



            . I was constable of the night, and a watchman told me there was some starch trail'd along in the street. We traced it down a court to a door which I broke open, and found the prisoner upon the stairs in the house, and found some sugar in his breeches pocket. The next morning I went to him, and ask'd him if he knew where any more of the things were? (hearing the prosecutrix had missed more things) He said, if I'd go along with him he would shew me more things. Then he took me to a place where were the scales, the velvet hood, candles, and other things. He said there was another lad with him at the taking the things, but he could not tell me his name. I made enquiry after such a person where he said he used, but could not meet with him.
Prisoner's defence.
I had a boy along with me, and bid him go home. He went home and came against; and told me he knew of a place where he could get a trifle, and said I should have a share; I went along with him, but I did not go into the house.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


