







301, 302, 303. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Selwood 
               



             , 
               
                  Mary
                   M'Daniel
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Atkins 
                  



                
            , spinsters, were indicted for 


               stealing two calimancoe petticoats, val. 20 s. one linnen apron, val. 8 s. one pair of stockings, one linnen handkerchief, one linnen shift, one calimancoe gown, one pair of stays, one cloth cloak, one hat, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Clark 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Rian 
                     



, widow, March 10
. *


                  Clare 
                  Clark 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Clark 
               



            , who is a serjeant in general Skelton's regiment
, and is abroad : I was in lodgings at Lambeth, but on the 10th of March I had been at the Red Horse in Old Bond street with a gentleman, and in coming home between 10 and 11 at night I lost my way, so asked my way of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Selwood 
               



            , whom I met in the street of Charing cross ; she said I had a long way thither, and as it was late she would shew me a very honest house where I might lie, the other two prisoners came to us, and they perswaded me to go. I went with them, and there went to bed, and one of them, I know not which it was, undressed herself and went to bed with me; she persuaded me to lie without my shift, but when I awaked I had not a rag to put on. I had 10 d. in money, which was gone also. The man of the house awak'd me about twelve or one.
Q What did you lose ?
Clark. I lost two quilted petticoats, a calimancoe gown, a white long lawn apron, two pair of stockings, a muslin handkerchief, a holland shift trimm'd, a pair of stays, a red cloak, and a hat.
Q. Whose house did they take you to?
Clark. They said it was the house of Mrs. Rian, I never was there before.


                  James 
                  Cole 
               



            . I lodge in the house of Rian, and was in bed with my wife, the people on the same floor where the prosecutrix lay had a mistrust the prisoners were robbing her: they all lodged there at the time : the people heard a rustling in the room, and somebody go down stairs, so call'd out, I got up and went into the room, there lay the prosecutrix as naked as she was born. There was an old pair of shoes standing by the bed, and no other cloaths, the three prisoner were gone. I got up and pursued them, and heard of them at Fleet-ditch by a saloop woman; when I had got into Rosemary-lane I found them all three in a publick-house called the Windmill; they had the gown, the hat, the cloak and stays with them, some in their aprons, and some on. The gown was on Selwood's back, she also had on the apron; M'Daniel had the hat in her apron, but can't say whether Atkins had any thing or not.
Q. What time was this?
Cole. This was between five and six in the morning, on the 11th of March, 
               
                  Moses 
                  Booth 
               



             was along with me, I left him with them while I went for a constable; they got up and went away, he followed them, and on Tower-hill he met with a constable and secured them.
M'Daniel's Defence.
I met with 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Selwood 
               



             who asked me to drink part of a pot of beer, and can clear me of the affair. I am an Irishwoman, and have not been in London above three weeks, I don't lodge in that house.
Selwood's Defence.
These two other prisoners are very innocent of the affair, my prosecutrix met me about nine of the clock in St. Giles's, as I was going to Clare-market to buy some steaks for my supper, and asked me the way to Lambeth, and to shew her the way to Charing-cross: I said I could not afford to go for nothing; she said she would give me a pint of beer, and we went into a house in High-street, and had two pints, she desired I'd help her to a lodging, she is a common woman of the town, and agreed that if I would go out a whoring for her, she'd lend me her things, so that we might get some money; and I was to go along with her home to Lambeth. I took her to this house, of which Cole the evidence is landlord under 
               
                  Mary 
                  Rian 
               



            , he keeps a disorderly house, the prosecutrix went to bed and lent me these things, and helped me to put them on my back, and said I should look well in them, and get more money, I went out according to her order, and happened to meet with an old acquaintance from my country, I am a west-country girl, I have known but little what whoring is in my life, and work hard for my bread. My friend was going to Rag-fair for some prize-money and said he'd treat me if I'd go with him, I happened to meet with the two other prisoners, so we went into an alehouse and I desir'd one of them to hold the hat for me.
Atkins's Defence.
I happened to meet with Selwood, and drank part of a pot of beer, and they came and took me.
All three 


               Guilty of Felony only
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


