





81. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Ascue 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing 16 yards of shalloon, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thorn 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said John
            , Dec. 16
. +


                  John 
                  Thorn 
               



            . I live in Cloth-fair


.
Q. What is your business?
Thorn. I am a trimming seller
; on the 15th of December, betwixt four and five in the afternoon, I was in my shop, but did not see the fact done; there was a pile of shalloons on the counter, and the piece that was lost was the uppermost piece of sixteen yards.
John Green. I am servent to Mr 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            , a Mercer, opposite the prosecutor; I saw the prisoner at the bar come out of Mr Thorn's shop with this piece of shalloon, which she dropp'd at the door; produced in court: which I suppose was by pulling the door after her too hastily.
Q. How do you know it to be this piece?
Green. I know it by the dirt on the paper it is wrapped in: and also by dirt on the end of the piece; she took it up and ran directly away; I went and ask'd Mr Thorn if he had sold her a piece of shalloon; he said no: then I informed him what I had seen; he and I followed her into Smithfield; he overtook her; she turned about directly, and said she had nothing of his; at which time I saw her drop it again behind her; Mr Thorn went and took it; then the prisoner was very much confused.
Q. to Prosecutor. Is this your property?
Prosecutor. It is.
Prisoner's defence. I never saw the piece in the shop; there was another woman there buying of buttons; when she came out, she dropp'd the piece and I pick'd it up.
Q. to Prosecutor. Was there another woman in your shop, when the prisoner was there ?
Prosecutor. No: none but my wife behind the counter; she was serving a boy.
Q. to Green. Did another woman come out of the prosecutor's shop, at that time the prisoner speaks of?
Green. No: there was not.
Q. to Prosecutor. Was there another woman in the shop when the prisoner went out?
Prosecutor. No: there was not.
Prisoner. I have been but a fortnight in this part of the world.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


