





319. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Chambers 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 5 l. one holland stock, value 1 d. and 1 brass stock buckle, value 1 d. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hall 
                     




                   , privately from his person
            , August 19
. ++
John Hall. I am a taylor
. As I was going home through Drury-Lane


 I met the prisoner there. She ask'd me to give her a pint of beer. She dragged me up a court, and I gave her a pint of beer. Then she took me to another house in the same court, and there she took my watch out of my fob. I missed it directly. I never let her go out of my company till I took her to the watch-house. There the watch was found upon her.
Q. Did she take you there against your will?
Hall. She did; and I was afraid of her. She unbuttoned my breeches, and I felt her take the watch out. I was a little fuddled, having been drinking with my shopmates.
Q. What time was this?
Hall. It was betwixt eleven and twelve o'clock.
Q. What did you do there all the time ?
Hall. She sat there and wanted me to sleep; and I staid till I delivered her to the constable. I saw a watchman, and he would not take charge of her.


                  John 
                  Spensley 
               



            . I was constable of the night. About three in the morning as I was coming home, I heard a man say, d - n you, you bitch, give me my watch. I ordered a watchman to take them both to the watchhouse, namely, the prosecutor and prisoner. We searched her, and found the stock and stock-buckle; them he had not missed. Then after that the watchman found the watch in her hand, as he was pulling her hand out of her pocket. [The prosecutor described it, and told the maker's name; but could not tell the number.]


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . Mr. Spensley charged me to aid and assist in taking the prosecutor and prisoner to the Round-house. Going along the prosecutor said, she had taken his watch. I took her hand out of her pocket, and she had the watch in it (produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor, likewise the stock and buckle.)
Prisoner's defence.
I got up that morning in order to go to Covent-Garden market. I heard a great uproar in the street. There were two women along with the prosecutor. I saw them both run away, and he came and laid hold of me before I could get to the King's-Head door.
To her character.


                  Ann 
                  Bewers 
               



            . I go out a washing and scowering, particularly at a place where the prisoner lived two years. I know her to be a very honest woman.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


