





610. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Lucy 
                     Booth 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two pounds and a quarter of brass, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Midwinter 
               




             , September 30
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Midwinter 
               



            . I am a founder
. The prisoner was my servant
; she, according to her own confession, robbed me three times; the last time was the last day of last month. Mr. Spencer came to my house that day and told me he had some brass that he had stopped, brought by my maid; he brought it to me; there were two pounds and a quarter of it. I asked the prisoner how she came to do so; she said she was very sorry for it, and begged I'd forgive her, saying, she was sometimes out of her senses.
Q. How long had she been your servant?
Midwinter. About three weeks. The brass produced in court; the prosecutor deposed to part of it.


                  George 
                  Garret 
               



            . I live at Mr. Spencer's at the Seven Stars, Fleet Ditch, he is a brasier. Mr. Midwinter lives in Shoe-lane at the Five Bells. The prisoner came three times to my master's shop with brass; the second time my master saw it, and said he suspected she did not come honestly by the brass; the third time I told my master the same woman was come again. He is shewn the brass, and deposes it is what he bought of the prisoner. I cannot tell the day she brought it; I believe it is about a fortnight ago.
Q. Who did she say it belonged to?
Garret. She said it was her own.
Q. What did you give per pound?
Garret. I gave her after the rate of sixpence per pound. I was with her before the alderman; the brass was laid upon the table before her; she owned she took it, and that she was out of her senses at the time.
Q. Did she seem to be out of her senses?
Garret. No, my lord, she did not.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner at the bar you bought the brass of?
Garret. I went to Mr. Midwinter's house to see if I knew her; she was melting butter; she ran her head up the chimney because I should not see her face; she knew me, and I knew her.



                  Thomas 
                  Andrews 
               



            . [Looks at the brass, and takes out some of it.] These are the pieces I had cast for me by Mr. Midwinter ; they not being found, I returned them; I know them to be the same.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


