





311. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Commings 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two iron rails, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Dulore 
                  




                
            , May 26
. +.
Mr. Arnold. I am landlord of the house, I let it to Mr. Dulore, it is in Brewer-Street, St. James's


, that is all I know of it.
Q. You know the rails were gone, don't you?
Arnold. Yes, I know there were two iron rails wrenched out from the rest next the street.
Q. When were they taken away?
Arnold. On Monday morning, the sixth of May last.


                  William 
                  Greenfield 
               



            . I am a chairman, and ply in the street to carry people; I was waiting upon some gentlemen, and I saw him break them out with this spoke (producing the spoke of a coach-wheel.)
Q. When was it?
Greenfield. The first of May last, on a Monday morning about one o'clock, I saw him get the two rails out; I let him take the first away, and when he came to fetch the second, I held him till I got proper assistance, and took him down to St. James's Round house.
Q. Did you know him?
Greenfield. No, to the best of my knowledge I never saw him before in my life.
Q. When you took him to the Round house, did he confess any thing?
Greenfield. He denied it that night, but when he came before the justice, he said, why should I tell a pack of lies, I was the man that did it.
Q. from the prisoner. Did you catch that spoke in my hand ?
Greenfield. My Lord, he did the spoke and the first rail in a place called Bridewell-Lane, and when he came for the second, I took hold on him.


                  Thomas 
                  Walters 
               



            . I was present when Greenfield took the prisoner, I saw the prisoner at work at the iron rails, and he went up Bridewell-Lane (we call it Dirty-Lane) and the next morning we found the iron rail and the spoke.
Q. Where are the rails, the rails are put up again?
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


