





458. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hurley 
                  



               
            . spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one holland shift, val. 1 s. two linen handkerchiefs, three linen ruffles, two caps, one black satin hat, one paper hat, one shade, one yellow satin gown, one brown silk gown
            , the goods of 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Symons 
               




             , July 23
.


                  Catherine 
                  Symons 
               



            . The prisoner was chairwoman
 at the house where I lodge, at Mr. Turner's in Exeter street


. On the 22d of July, about 10 at night, the prisoner took the candle and went up to make my bed. She was missing in about half an hour. When I went to look for a nightcap, I missed all the things mentioned in the indictment. She was taken by the watch in the street, and the next morning she and the things were carried before the justice; I went there and swoar to the goods. Produced in court and deposed to.


                  Margaret 
                  Holsted 
               



            . Between 11 and 12 o'clock at night, the 22d of July, I saw the prisoner coming along the Strand with a great bundle in her lap, she called me on one side, and wanted to know where she could pawn a sack, and took it out of the bundle in her apron. What else was there I know not.


                  Thomas 
                  Lambeth 
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Martin's parish, in the Strand, On the 22d of July, betwixt 11 and 12 at night I stopped the prisoner with a parcel loose in her apron near Bullin court ; she said she was going to a place, and went into Exeter street to her own mother's door. Mrs. Turner came up to me, and told me the prisoner had got some things of hers. I carried her to the constable.
Samuel Green. I am constable. The prisoner, with the things loose in her apron, was brought to the watch-house by the last evidence. She seemed much confused, and said very little.
Prisoner's defence.
I was hired a weekly servant in this house for 2 s. When I had been there about three days, my dinner did not agree with me, and my mistress gave me a glass of brandy, and the other young lady gave me two or three glasses of wine, and I was so much in liquor that I can't tell whether I took the things or they put them in my apron.
Mr. Birmingham and his wife, and Mr. Caswell and his wife, appeared, and gave her a good character, exclusive of this affair.



               Guilty
            .
There was another indictment against her.




[Transportation. See summary.]


