





506. (L) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Upton 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing 20 pound weight of loaf sugar, val. 17 s. 1 pound weight of tea, val. 6 s. and 15 d. halfpenny in money numbered
            , the goods and money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Austin 
                  




                
            , Sept. 15
. +.


                  John 
                  Austin 
               



            . I live in Bishopsgate street


. The prisoner was my servant
. I had missed money several times, which was the occasion of my marking some halfpence, which I did at a baker's near me. I marked 6 s. worth. At night, on the 14th of Sept. I took out all the halfpence from the drawer and put in the marked ones, and on the next day (being Sunday I made an enquiry and found some were taken out; I made a general charge, and said, I had lost some halfpence; the prisoner came into the parlour and said she had took them out, and produced them with others not marked. I asked her what were in her box; she opened two boxes, in one she said there was something that was not her own; I found a loaf of sugar and a small parcel of tea, and 5 single pounds of sugar. We made a farther search, and found under the bolster of her bed another loaf of sugar tied up in a handkerchief, and in a closet (where were foul linen) there we found two parcels of tea, in quantity about a pound in the whole.
Q. What might that be worth?
Austin. It might be worth a dozen shillings, I have valued it at 6 s. After this I laid them all together, and called two servants up stairs, and let them see how I had been used by her; she confessed then before them, and has also done since, that she took those things out of the shop, and the reason she gave for so doing was, she said, she thought somebody had divers times come into her room and tumbled about her things, and she wanted to know who it was that came into her room, and by that she should find, by people saying they had found those things, who it was that came there.
Cross Examination.
Q. How long has she lived with you?
Austin. She has lived with me 2 years and 2 months.
Q. Had she not used to lay out money to buy things into the house?
Austin. No, she did not, except she came and asked me or my man for it.
Q. Had not she the liberty to go to the till?
Austin. No, she had not for a farthing.
Q. Did she not take money in the shop?
Austin. No, she did not; once the porter and she were at home together, and she took a penny for that which was worth a groat or fivepence; so she is not a fit person to serve in the shop.
Q. Where did she say she had the halfpence ?
Austin. She said she took them out of the drawer.
Q. To what purpose did she say she took them out?
Austin. To put them in again, she said.
Q. Who was by when she said this ?
Austin. Brockass and 
               
                  William 
                  Wright 
               



             were.
Q. Did not she say she took the halfpence out to lay out for the family ?
Austin. No, she did not.
Q. Did you apprehend her immediately after you had searched her box?
Austin. No, I consulted with a friend what to do; and when I came home she was gone, and I cannot say I was sorry then, but I did not think things to be so black as they appear since.
Q. Did she not come back again ?
Austin. Yes, she did. I think on the Tuesday; then I was not at home; she wanted her cloaths
Q. Did she come after that ?
Austin. Yes she did, the next day; then I sent for a constable, intending to call her to an account for what she had wronged me of. She accounted for some things that she had lately bought, by saying a person died and left her money.
Q Did not you give her some cloaths?
Austin. No, I did not.
Q. Why did you not charge a constable with her?
Austin. I said she has given an account how she came by some things; and it was possible she might go and live at some farm-house, and get a livelihood without injuring any person; and while we were consulting this she ran away.
Q. When did she come again?
Austin. She came again the next day; I said you have a consummate impudence; then she disappeared immediately. After that she was sent for to Mr. Rhodes, a publick-house; I was there in order to apprehend her, and did when she came.
Q Were both her boxes locked when you went up to them?
Austin. They were.
Q. Could other people have access to this room?
Austin. They might.
Q. Have you ever heard she is with child ?
Austin. I have.
Q. Did you never hear by whom?
Austin. I have heard she was by me.
Council for the crown. Upon your oath did you ever give occasion for such report?
Austin. I never in my days had any concern with her; I never showed an indecent action, or used an immodest expression to her.
Q. Are you a married man?
Austin. I am not.
Mr. Brockass. On Sunday the 15th of Sept. I dined at Mr. Austin's. I lived next door to him then. After dinner he went down stairs to fetch up some tobacco. When he came up he said he had been robbed, and called his servants into the dining-room, and asked them about the money; two of them denied it, the porter and the journeyman; the maid, being the third person accused, confessed having the halfpence and produced them. She said she took them out with an intent to put them in again, and that she had done so twice before, and had put them in again; the last time was the Sunday night before, and had put them in on the Monday morning following. She said her master having had a suspicion of her, so she took them that he might find her out. Mr. Austin insisted upon seeing if she had any thing concealed in her bed chamber; he first examined some band boxes, and after that a little trunk that was locked; there were only cloaths and money, silver and gold; after that he persisted seeing into a large box. She said, Sir, here are things that are not mine in it. There we found a loaf of sugar and a handkerchief, in which were 4 parcels; and 2 loose papers, whether they contained tea or sugar I cannot tell. After that I examined about the room, and found in a closet among some cloaths, 2 paper parcels; and under the bolster of her bed I found a sugar load tied up in her handkerchief. Upon examining her about the tea, she said she took it out of the top canister in the shop.
Q. Did she acknowledge the sugar was her master's, or whether she had it from another place?
Brockass. I cannot particularly say she acknowledged that to be his; she, in general, acknowledged putting them there.
Cross Examination.
Q. Were the words, that it must come out, or she took the tea out of the cannister?
Brockass. She said she took it out.
Q. In what capacity was she there ?
Brockass. She was Mr. Austin's servant.
Q. The only maid servant?
Brockass Yes.
Q. Did she not say it was tea to drink?
Brockass. I am certain she did not.
Q. Who bid you go and search in the closet?
Brockass. I went of myself.
Q. How came you to think to search under the bolster of her bed for sugar? Did Mr. Austin direct you to go there?
Brockass. No, he did not; he was talking to her of what a wretch she was, and I began to search about at that time; I looked at the tester of the bed, and in every corner of the room.
Q. Might not she have made her escape if she would after this.
Brockass. She might.
Q. What did she say for herself ?
Brockass. She said she suspected her master would have been looking about in her room to see if he could find any thing; and she put the sugar there thinking he would find it upon her, she having had her things and letters tumbled about.
Q. Was that the meaning of what she said ( that she had had her things tumbled about, and she put them there to know who tumbled them about?)
Brockass. It might. The halfpence produc'd in court.
Brockass. These she brought and deliver'd to her master; they are marked on the Britannia upon the head with a file. She told him she took them out of the drawer, and that she had put them to her own.
Q. Have you not heard it reported there was a familiarity between her master and she?
Brockass. I have heard it reported since she went to prison; there was no suspicion or report about it before that.
Q. Had the neighbours observed nothing at all by her appearance?
Brockass. The neighbours observed she went very fine in clothes.
Q. How long did you live near the prosecutor?
Brockass. I lived about three months next door to him; I never suspected any familiarity between them. I really believe there never was any.


                  Wm 
                  Sibley 
               



            . I know nothing of the halfpence. On the 14th of Sept. Mr. Austin came to me and said he wanted to speak with me; he with a good deal of concern told me he had great reason to suspect some of his servants had robb'd him; that he had mark'd some halfpence, and missed some out of his drawer last Saturday; I said how did you mark them? he said he scratched them with a pin. I said that is not the way; let's mark some more; then he went and scratched five shilling's worth of halfpence, and with a three corner'd file, we mark'd about four shilling's worth of them before a customer of mine came in.
Q. Who marked them?
Sibley. I believe I did.
Q. How did you mark them?
Sibley. I gave a little scratch just by the head of the woman, on all alike; he marked the other shilling's worth, or thereabouts, I can't say to a halfpenny, but I looked at every one of them. I told them to see if there were 5 s. or not. I said, you should do a few more; then I marked a shilling's worth of my own, and he gave me a shilling for them. The next morning I went into the country.
Prisoner's defence.
I never wrong'd my master in my life. The halfpence were to buy things into the house. I never took tea or sugar from him. I am with child by him.
For the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Uriam 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about a year or two, I never saw her before she came to live with Mr. Austin; she has several times bought goods of me, and paid me very honestly; I never heard any thing of her but that of a reputable person.
Cross Examination.
Q. What goods did she buy of you?
Uraim. They were linen goods.
Q. How much at a time?
Uraim. Ten or a dozen shillings at a time. I know nothing of her more than her coming to buy goods of me.
Jos. Reves. I have known her about a year, as a house-keeper generally reported.
Q. What is her general character?
Reves. I believe she behav'd becoming that of an honest servant.
Q. Did you ever hear any thing ill of her?
Reves. No, only her being free with her master.
Q. Do you think she would be guilty of stealing sugar and tea from her master?
Reves. No, I don't think she would.
Cross Examination.
Q. Do you know any thing of your own knowledge of her being familiar with her master?
Reves. No, I do not; it is generally reported that Mr. Austin and she were familiar by the manner of her dress. Mr. Sibley gave a relation of a case before she was confined in goal 5 or 6 months. He was joaking with Mr. Austin, as men will do. Mr. Austin said, you have nothing against me; I mind not your joaking. Said Mr. Sibley, you once borrowed a pair of boot-straps of me, and I asked you for them : you said you could not tell where they were, and said to your servant, do you know any thing of them? and said they are leather, with holes in them; She said, O! they are in my master's great coat-pocket upon my bed.
Q. to Sibley. Do you remember any thing of this conversation?
Sibley. We had got to a neighbour's house smoaking a pipe one afternoon, joaking about Mr. Austin's maid going so fine, and better than trademen's wives; she would be dressed by ten in the morning, and our wives could not till four in the afternoon; I said, I can make you blush. No, said he, you can't. Said I, do you put me to the challenge? then I said, I'll out with it; and said some time ago you borrow'd a pair of great-coat straps to buckle a great coat on before, and I went there, and you was not at home; and presently your maid came in. I said to her, do you know any thing of a pair of great coat straps I lent your master to buckle on a great coat? She said, O lord! I believe they are in my master's coat-pocket on my bed. I said, what has your master's coat to do upon your bed? She said, I put it on my bed to keep me warm.
Q. Do you believe they were familiar together?
S ibley. Upon my word I don't think they were.
Q. Did you believe it then?
Sibley. I can't say what I might believe then?
Q. to Reves. By what do you look upon her to be honest?
Reves. She has come to our shop to buy salts and other little articles, and always paid for them.
Q. Have you any other reason to say she is honest?
Reves. I have no other reasons only by that.
Court. You seem to accuse the master of too great familiarity with her. Will you now come and give her the character of an honest woman, because she came to your shop and paid you for some salts ? If she was her master's whore, could she be honest ?
Reves. I say so, because she generally bore a good character.
Q. Do you reckon that, having a good character, if what you say is true?
Reves. There may be a great many people in England guilty of fornication that will not rob.


                  Christopher 
                  Wagget 
               



            . I have known her about a year, or a year and a half; her behaviour was in a decent appearance; I never heard an ill character of her in my life before to-day: I have heard talk of her going finer than her wages became her.

Mr. Palmer. I have known her three years and upwards; she lived servant with me, and behaved exceeding well during that time. From me she went to live in Bishopsgate-street; I did not know her master's name before.
Q. What did you give her per year?
Palmer. I believe it was 4 l. per year.
Mrs. Merrit. I was her opposite neighbour 12 months ago, but am now removed; I always took her for a sober honest person; I never saw to the contrary; I do not look upon her to be a person that would be guilty of stealing tea: I would not now scruple taking her into my house was she at liberty.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did you take her for a whore all those 12 months?
Mrs. Merrit. I had no thought of that.
Q. Where do you now live?
Mrs. Merrit. I now live in Charles-street, Westminster, and keep a tallow-chandler's shop.
For the Crown.


                  George 
                  Rhodes 
               



            . I was at the examination of the prisoner before the Alderman the night she was taken up; she said since she had been in Mr. Austin's house, he had never been guilty of the least indecent word or action before her.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


