





107. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Blundell 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen handkerchief, val. 3 d. and twenty shillings in money number'd, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Eleanor 
                           Hunter 
                        




                      
                  , spinster
, privately from her person
            , Feb. 15
. +


                  Eleanor 
                  Hunter 
               



            . Last Thursday night, I received a guinea wages of Mrs. Dabbs, my mistress, I had changed the guinea at the Rose, in Rose-court; and put 20 s. into my handkerchief, going by Bishop's-gate church I met the prisoner; I ask'd her if she could tell me of a lodging; she said she could not just then, but if I would go and give her a dram, she would consider and tell me; I went and gave her a dram; I don't know the house, it was betwixt nine and ten o'clock at night. After that she asked me to go with her to Pump Court in Gravel-lane, where she lodged, so I went with her; when we came into the court she asked for another dram, and I told her I had rather give her a shilling to buy a breakfast in the morning; she had a desire for a dram, so I went with her to the Ship in Gravel-lane, and gave her one there. Before I went in I had my money in my pocket in a handkerchief and my hand in my pocket also; going to put my hand into my pocket in the house, she said, you have halfpence in the other pocket; she saw me change sixpence for a dram; then I paid for it, and we went into Pump Court


; she bid me stay there till she went and told the young woman that I was coming to lodge with her, and she would come again and let me know. As we stood talking together I thought something pulled my pocket, but did not apprehend she was picking my pocket. When she did not come according to her promise, I put my hand into my pocket, and the handkerchief, with the money in it, was gone. I went to look about to see where I must go, as she had given me the slip; she was got into a passage about two yards from me in the court; she told me she was going up two pair of stairs; I went to the sign of the Ship and asked the landlady whether she knew the woman that was drinking with me, then her husband and brother came in, who said they would go and see for her; they went, and returned again in about half an hour, and told me they had found her. I went along with them, and told them that was the very woman, but she had changed her dress.
Q. What sort of a dress had she when she pick'd your pocket?
E. Hunter. She had a sort of a jacket, a black hat, and a blue cloak. When she was taken she had on a blue flowered gown and a camblet one upon that. This was a little above half an hour after I had lost my money. She was taken to the watch-house. Before she was taken from the alehouse the landlady of the Ship came and said she could swear that was the woman that I treated with a dram at the bar at her house. I was ordered to strip her at the watch-house, so I took her pocket off and there were 13 s. 6 d. in it. I was in nobody's company but her's till I found the money was gone.
Q. How came you to go with a woman you never saw before to a lodging?
E. Hunter. Because I had no acquaintance at that end of the town.



                  Elizabeth 
                  Torrent 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar and 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Hunter 
               



             came to our house last Thursday night, and had each of them a dram. I had never seen E. Hunter before, it was a little after nine. E. Hunter went to seel in her right hand pocket. and the other said, you have money in the other pocket; then she took the halfpence and laid them down, I took a penny of it, and the prisoner returned a halfpenny to E. Hunter. About a quarter of an hour after that E. Hunter came again, and asked me if I knew the person that had a dram there with her; I said I did by sight, and that I had seen her before; then she told me she had robbed her of 20 s. tied up in a handkerchief, and that it was all she had; then I desired my servant to go out and see if he could find her; he returned and said he could not find her; then my husband and my brother came in, and they went with E. Hunter to see the place where she had left her, they found her at the Angel, at the bottom of Deoonshire steps by the square; then my husband sent for me, so I went, and knew the woman to be the same that was at my house with E. Hunter. Then the watch was charged with her. When she was at my house she had an old blue cloak on, and when she was at the alehouse she had a linnen bed gown on under that she has on now.
Q. How often had you seen her before?
E. Torrent. I can't say how often I had seen her; I had never seen the prosecutrix before.


                  John 
                  Meading 
               



            . I am constable. The prisoner was brought to me last Thursday night, and E. Hunter came with her, she charged her with stealing 20 s. and a handkerchief out of her pocket. I asked the prisoner how she came by that money, and she said she dealt in the street, but could not say in what, or with whom; she said the money was her own. I found 13 s. 6 d. in her pocket.


                  Mary 
                  Dabbs 
               



            . Last Thursday night I paid the prosecutrix a guinea about eight o'clock; she left my service then. I keep the Three Tons, Bishopsgate-street, she was nurse maid
.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the woman days of my breath, and am as innocent of what I am charged with as the child in its mother's womb.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


