





444. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bickerton 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one stuff gown, val. 2 s. one stuff jacket, val. 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elisha 
                           Oliver 
                        



                      
                  , one stuff body belonging to a sack, val. 1 s. and one lining of a gown, val. 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Terry 
                        



                      
                  , one cloth cloak, val. 1 s. and one silk handkerchief
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Isaacs 
                  



                
            , widow, Oct. 13
*
Elizabeth Isaacs. I live in Russel-street, Covent-garden, and am a mantua-maker
 ; on the 13th of this Instant, between six and seven o'clock, I had these goods mentioned tied up in the handkerchief, I went into Mrs. Brunett's shop in Gerrard-street


, and laid down my bundle, which I saw a man take, but cannot say who it was; in about five minutes the prisoner was taken and brought back, and the bundle found on the ground near the place where he was taken. The Goods produc'd in Court.


                  Jane 
                  Brunett 
               



            . The prosecutrix came into my shop and set her bundle down, I was facing it, and saw the prisoner take it and run away, we call'd out, and he was soon taken, and the parcel brought back.


                  Alexander 
                  Chambers 
               



            . I was coming along, and hearing the cry, Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running, and I stopp'd him. I did not see the bundle in his possession, it was found near where I stopp'd him.


                  Thomas 
                  Parker 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Brunett, I saw the prisoner leaning over the rails looking into our shop, just before the goods were taken away. I went up stairs, and in the mean time the things were taken away.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


