





373. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Blackburne 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing three linnen sheets, val. 3 s. one linnen pillowbier, val. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Dennis 
                     Redman 
                  




                
            , Aug. 21
. ++


                  Dennis 
                  Redman 
               



            . I live in Shoreditch, and keep the spotted horse, a publick-house




. On the 21st of August the prisoner was brought back to my house with three linnen sheets and a pillowbier in her apron (produced in court and depos'd to). I don't know that I had ever seen the prisoner, so can give no farther account.


                  Thomas 
                  Hughes 
               



            . I was writing a letter at a table in the prosecutor's house, the prisoner at the bar came and look'd over me, then she sat down in a chair, and I kept writing; she took up a bundle of things that lay on the table.
Q. Did you know the prisoner?
Hughes. I never saw her before to my knowledge, I ask'd her whether the things belong'd to her, or Mr. Redman. She said they belong'd to her, and went out with them; but soon after finding they belong'd to Mr. Redman, I went out to enquire for her, and found where she liv'd; she was coming out of her house with the things in a bundle as before in her apron. I took her back to the prosecutor's house, and she had the things in her apron all the time. The prosecutor own'd the things, and she was taken before the justice and committed.


                  Hannah 
                  Robins 
               



            . I wash'd these three sheets and pillowbier for Mrs. Redman; they were laid on that table, and I was going to iron them, so missed them. The last evidence went and brought her back with them, I know them to be Mr. Redman's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been at my work of carding and spinning of wool, a woman came up stairs to me and said she could get no work; she said, she had left an apron with some things in it, at this man's house in Shoreditch, she brought me to the Magpye, where we had a quartern of gin: then we went to the prosecutor's house, where she said she had left her bed gown and a cotton gown, and we had four pots of beer: then she went backwards, and came to me and swore they lay there, and bid me take them and go with her, which I did; she is now gone into Kent a hopping.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


