






349. (L.) 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Rice 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one lawn handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Watson 
                        



                      
                  , privately from his person
            
June 25

 || .


                  Thomas 
                  Watson 
               



            . I was upon the Royal Exchange



 on the 25th of June; I missed my handkerchief; I saw the prisoner standing at a little distance. I had been shewn him there two days before, and told he was a pick-pocket. I watch'd him, and followed him down Cornhill; there he took out a handkerchief and wiped his face with it, and put it in his breeches. Then he took another out of his pocket, and put that in his breeches; presently he took out mine, and put that in his breeches likewise. I saw two porters, and told them, that was a pickpocket, one of them said, I know he is, for I saw him pick a person's pocket once in Cornhill. We took him, and had him before my Lord Mayor, and in searching him there were five taken from him, some from his pockets and some from his breeches, mine was one [ produc'd in court, and depos'd to ]
Q. What is the value of it ?
Watson. It is worth 1 s. 6 d. or 2 s. I had it not above a minute before in my hand.


                  John 
                  Trottman 
               



            . Mr. Watson desir'd I'd assist in securing the prisoner, saying he had picked his pocket. Having seen him pick a pocket about half an hour before, I went to him, and said, you are a common pickpocket, and put my hand into his pocket, and took out three handkerchiefs. I secured him; after which I took out two more from his breeches. We took him before my Lord Mayor, and he was committed to Newgate. Mr. Watson owned one of the handkerchiefs. Taking him along he offer'd me 5 s. to let him go; after that he offered me a guinea.
Prisoner. He wanted half a guinea of me to release me.


                  John 
                  Blaks 
               



            . I was at the taking the prisoner: he offer'd us a guinea to let him go.
Prisoner's defence.
I have evidence to prove I pick'd these handkerchiefs up in the street.


                  Margaret 
                  More 
               



            . I was coming thro' the city towards the Royal Exchange; I met a young man, I do think I would know him if I saw him again.
Q. Look if you see him.
More. (She points to the prisoner) That is the man, he pick'd up a small bundle, I cry'd halves. He said he'd give me none. Then there came up two men, and they said halves. He said he'd give them none. Then they opened the bundle, and found either four or five handkerchiefs in it.




               Guilty 10 d.
            

He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing one linnen handkerchief, value 12 d. the property of a person unknown, privately from his person
            .


                  John 
                  Trottman 
               



            . I was upon Change the same day, and within a quarter of an hour of the time the other was taken. I saw the prisoner pick a gentleman's pocket of this handkerchief ( producing one ) I believe it to be the same. He put it into his coat pocket, and I took this out of the same pocket.
Q. How came it you did not secure him?
Trottman. Because I was with a gentleman going on business.
Prisoner's defence.
I pick'd them up in the street.



               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


