






239, 240. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dukes 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dukes 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing 120 pounds weight of lead, val. 8 s. belonging to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Greenhill 
                        




                      
                  , fixed to a certain workshop
             belonging to the said William, August 9
. + .


                  William 
                  Greenhill 
               



            . I live in Portland-street, Mary-le-bon parish


; between the 18th and 19th of last August I lost from off my shop a leaden gutter, about 120 pounds weight; the prisoners are nightmen
, and live in Tyburn Road; I was informed there were some lead stealers taken up, and carried before Justice St. Lawrence; I went there, and saw the lead, but he had committed the men, which were the two prisoners at the bar; I measured the lead, and then went and measured the gutter, and found it fitted exactly, only about two foot and half of lead was missing.
Q. Did the prisoners confess any thing?
Greenhill. They said, they found it cut as it then was behind Bedford house.


                  Henry 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am constable; one of our watchmen came to my house on the 9th of August and told me, that a man had brought some lead to his lodgings, and his landlady came and complained, and wanted us to come to know how he came by it. Her name is Wilsdon; I went to her house, the two prisoners lodged there; I went up stairs, and knocked at their door, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Dukes 
               



             opened it; I told him I was informed he had brought some old lead in; he said, there was none there; I asked him if he was sure of that; he said, yes; I said, I must examine the room, then he went down stairs; I left him in charge of the watchman, and searched the room; I opened a closet door in the room, and there found the other prisoner lying fast a-sleep; I awak'd him, and asked him the same I had his brother; he said, there was no such thing; I turn'd the bed up, and under the feet of it, I found the lead lying in 5 pieces; he went down stairs, I called to the men below to stop him; then one prisoner said the other brought it, and the other said he brought it. We took them before the justice, there they both said they found it in the long field, near the Duke of Bedford's, in a dry ditch; they were committed; I advertised the lead, and the next day the prosecutor came and look'd upon it, and said it was his.


                  Mary 
                  Wilsdon 
               



            . The two prisoners had lodged at my house for twelve years; a woman that lodges in the next room to them came down and told me she had heard a noise in the prisoners room, and she peep'd in, and saw some lead lying.
Q. When was this?
M. Wilsdon. I don't know the day, but I believe it is about five weeks ago; I went up and looked in, and saw the lead lying on the ground; then I sent for the constable.
Q. What sort of lead was it?
M. Wilsdon. It was flat sheet lead.
Q. What time of the night did you see it?
M. Wilsdon. I believe it was about seven in the morning.


                  Susanna 
                  Merchant 
               



            . I lodge at Mrs. Wilsdon's. As I sat at work I saw the lead in the prisoners room, I came down and told my landlady.


                  John 
                  Wise 
               



            . I am a plumber, I saw the lead that was stopp'd at the constable's, I measured it, and also the prosecutor's gutter; it was 7 foot 10 long, and 2 foot 6 broad, one end was wider than the other.
Q. Do you take upon you to say, according to the best of your judgment, that the lead came from that place?
Wise. I do; it fitted in every respect, only there was one piece wanting.


                  Richard 
                  Duke 
               



            's defence.
We were out in the morning, going along the fields we saw this lead, we took it and carried it home, thinking it might be advertised.


                  John 
                  Dukes 
               



             the same.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


