





343. (M). 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Standidge 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one man's hat, val. 2 s. one cloth coat , value 5 s. one cloth cloak, value 1 s. 6 d. a stuff damask gown, value 5 s. two silver tea-spoons, and four caps
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Warring 
                  




                
            , June 11
. ||


                  John 
                  Warring 
               



            . I live in Catherine-wheel-alley, Whitechapel


, and keep a fruit shop
. On the 11th of June, I found my window open that I shut just before, I then thought things was not right, and when I came to the window I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; and I found them again at one Mr. Jones's with the prisoner; I saw the two tea-spoons taken out of her bosom, and I told the man when he took them out, if they were my spoons they were mark'd with a single P. they were, and they are my property.


                  Susannah 
                  Marshall 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Warring, hir'd by the week, On the 11th of June, I happen'd to be out, and coming back I met the prisoner with a bundle in her lap coming into the street; I saw the window open, and when I went in I missed the coat, I then went out and ran after her; as I was turning into Vineyard-street, I met a boy, and I said to him, Did you see a woman with a bundle, he said Yes, she was gone into the distiller's shop, I went to her and said O you wicked brazen facejade, how cou'd you rob a poor man that gets his livelihood so hard, and has a small family to maintain? She bid me take the things if they were mine, I desir'd they would let them be there, and keep the prisoner till I came back, but when I came back they had let her go, because I had not charg'd a constable with her. I then went back to Mr. Warring's, and when I came there he said where is the silver spoons, I said, Lord have mercy upon me, I don't know; then I run after her again, and when I got to the distiller's she was brought back, and there she was search'd, and we found the spoons in her bosom; the man that took them out said what mark has your spoons got, he said if they are mine they are mark'd P. H.
Q. Are you sure these spoons are Mr. Warring's?
S. Marshall. Yes, I am sure they are.


                  Nicholas 
                  Bird 
               



            . I live in Whitechapel. On the 11th of June, about two o'clock, I saw some people run in a great hurry ; I ran after them as far as the Bull Head. and when I came there I saw the prisoner charg'd by an officer, the officer charg'd me to aid and assist him; the prisoner said if we would clear the mob, she would go with us and shew us where the things were, we went to Mr. Jones's the distiller, and when we came there, they all laid on the counter for the owners to see them, whether they were all there or no, they look'd at the things and missed two silver spoons: the prisoner was willing to be search'd, saying she had not the spoons, I search'd her, and I myself took them out of her bosom. Mr. Warring said if they were his spoons they were mark'd with a single P.
John Norris. I live in White-chapel, I am an headborough; on the 11th of June about 2 o'clock I was sitting at my door, and saw the prisoner run by me, and others after her; I bid her run, saying if the person was to come up with her, she would go to Newgate; I took no further notice then, in a few minutes time the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Warring 
               



             came up to me, and said, she was robbed; I directly thought the prisoner must be the person; I pursued her to the Bull-head in Spittle-fields, and spoke to her, and took charge of her ; I charged Mr. Bird to assist me, she told me if I would disperse the mob she would go with me, and shew me where the things was, she carried us to Mr. Jones's and we found the things, then Mr. Warring said, you hussey you have got my spoons, the last witness searched her and found them in her bosom, Warring said, if they are my spoons, they are marked with a single P.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went out of an errand, just after I had eat my dinner a woman came to me and said my husband is out, and I will give you 2 d. to carry this bundle to Mr. Jones's, I did, I went out again to speak to the woman and could not see her, then they charged me with these things, I said I would go and tell them where they were, for she bid me leave them there, and there I carried them.
For the Prisoner.


                  Robert 
                  Haywood 
               



            . I have known the prisoner these six years, she lived a year and a half along with me, and behaved very honest till this misfortune happened.


                  Henry 
                  Williams 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since she was a month old, she always bore a very good character.
Q. What was her way of life?
Williams. She wound worsted
.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


