





200. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Simonds 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven pounds weight of soap, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Russel 
                  




                
            . March 9
.


                  John 
                  Russel 
               



            . The prisoner was taken at my door with some soap upon him, my property (produced in court)
Q. Where do you live?
Russel. I live at Cow Cro


ss, and am a soap-maker
.
Cross Examination.
Q. Have not other soap boilers the same sort of soap as this?
Russel. There are but three of us in England that make this sort, and we can know it as easily as any thing in the world.
Q. Where do the other two live?
Russel. One lives in Thames-street, the other at Windsor.


                  Geo 
                  Russel 
               



            . I am son to the prosecutor, the prisoner was a weekly servant to my father; on the 9th of March he staid in the shop till all the other servants were gone out, and after that he went into the warehouse where the soap was, and took this and put it into his pocket, and made towards the door.
Q. Did you see him do this?



                  Geo 
                  Russel 
               



            . I waited for him, and just as he came to the door I stop'd him, and asked him what he had got there, he said a bit of soap for his mother. I stop'd and charg'd a constable with him, and sent him to Bridewell. I saw the soap taken from him.
Cross Examination.
Q. Do you know whether he did not intend to pay you for these goods?
Russel. If he had intended to have paid me for them, he would have offered to pay me, but he did not.
Q. Did you watch him?
Russel. I did, because we had lost soap before, and I suspected it must be people in the house that made away with it.


                  James 
                  Norman 
               



            . I am headborough; I was sent for that evening, about seven o'clock, to the prose cutor's house, to take charge of the prisoner; there was the last evidence along with me. I search'd the prisoner, and found two pieces of soap in his pocket, and another in his apron.
Q. to prosecutor What is the value of it?
Prosecutor. I have laid it at 2 s. value, but it is worth more.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had that bit in my apron, but I did not know of that in my pocket.
To his Character.


                  Robert 
                  Romley 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about three years.
Q. What is his general character?
Romley. It is a very good one; I never heard any thing amiss of him. He liv'd by the Black Dog in Morefields. He is a bricklayer, and works hard to maintain his mother.


                  William 
                  Langley 
               



            . I have kept company with him a great while; he is a very well behaved young man.


                  William 
                  Sinderby 
               



            . I have known him near two years; I never knew him to do any thing amiss, or his character call'd in question before this. He was just in all his dealings in all places, as far as I have heard.




               Guilty, 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


