





304. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John Edgerton 
                     Saint 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, with a certain offensive weapon called a pistol, unlawfully and feloniously did make an assault on the right honourable 
                        
                           John
                            earl of Radnor
                        





, with an intent the money of the said earl to steal, &c
            
June 4
. ||


                  John 
                  Haines 
               



            . I live at Twickenham


 with the earl of Radnor. On the fourth of June, a little before eleven o'clock in the forenoon, the prisoner at the bar came to the house, and asked if my lord Radnor was at home. I told him he was, but that he had been very ill all night, and was not stirring saying, Sir, if you are going further, and will please to call again in an hour time, he will perhaps be stirring then. Sir, said he, I am going as far as Teddington, and will call again. I gave orders to the other servant, if such a person called, to shew him the way into the parlour, and go up and let my lord know (I having told him of the person's calling after he was up which when he called the footman accordingly did. My lord said to him, Go down and tell him I will wait on him immediately. My lord went down, and I follow'd him. The first word that passed when my lord got into the parlour was. Your servant. Your servant, said my lord. Said the prisoner, you have a very pretty place here.
Q. Was you in the room?
Haines. No, but I could hear every word that passed; the door being open at the bottom of the stairs, and the wind at east, prevented the door from being shut close. My lord next said, a very small place; pray. Sir, sit down on this side me, because I am a little thick of hearing. The prisoner said, are you deaf, my lord? My lord said, a little. Then he said, I will not detain you any more. I must have your money immediately; this is my business with your lordship, and if you don't give me your money immediately, I'll shoot you thro' the body, or head ( I am not certain which;) my pistol is loaded with white powder, it will make no report. On hearing this, I said to the footman where is my blunderbus? He said, it is not charged. No matter for that, said I, fetch it; he ran and fetch'd it. I took it, went to the prisoner, and said, If you stir hand or foot I'll blow you into the wainscot this moment, and stood with the piece level'd at him. He said, do, shoot; so I will if you stir, said I, and stood like a pointer at him. I called for assistance, and the footman came with the jack in his hand that we pull off boats with. I order'd him to go up and lay hold of the prisoner, or else I told him I would shoot him thro' the head that moment. Accordingly he did, and then I trip'd up his heels, and thresh'd him very handsomely. We took him before justice Burkhead; and the pistol he had in his hand, who ordered us to see if it was white powder. I knock'd it against the pavement, and found it to be common black powder.
Q. Was there a ball in it?
Haines. There was a ball slit in two pieces. (He produced a letter). This letter the prisoner deliver'd to my lord, and own'd it was his writing; he afterwards said he wrote at Teddington, the hour he was gone thither.
It was read in court to this purport:
'' My Lord, being in the greatest distress obliges '' me to make this bold attempt; deny me not '' your lordship's purse, for I am loaded with white '' powder, and my resolve is dreadful. What '' through your goodness your lordship grants me, '' shall in three months with grateful thanks be '' returned. ''
Q. from Prisoner. Whether you saw a pistol presented to your lord's breast?
Haines. No, I did not, I was not in the room then.
Q. from Prisoner. Did you see a paper in his lordship's hand, and whether I delivered it him, or how he came by it ?
Haines. After we had taken the prisoner, my lord gave me this paper, which he said the prisoner delivered to him; I did not see him deliver it. I took it and put it into the prisoner's pocket book, which I have here (producing it.)


                  James 
                  Asplin 
               



            . I am a peruke maker, and live in Gray's-Inn. I happened that day to carry two wigs to his lordship, about three minutes before the thing happened.
Q. What day of the month was it?
Asplin. I think it was Friday the 4th of June. I was down below combing out a wig that I was to shew his lordship. I heard a very great noise above. I went out of the passage, and asked what noise it was, fearing his lordship was taken ill. I heard Mr. Haines's tongue plain. The footman told me there was a thief in the house robbing his lordship. I went into the room, and there saw the prisoner on the floor, with both his eyes bruised. I helped to hold him while he was searched. I saw a sort of a memorandum book, a silk handkerchief, and a pistol taken out of his pocket.
Q. Was you before the justice ?
Asplin. No, I was not.


                  John 
                  Martin 
               



            . I am gardener to my lord Radnor. My son came to me in the garden, and told me there was a great disturbance in the house, for a Man was robbing his lordship. I ran to the house as fast as I could, and to his lordship's room, when his lordship ordered, me to go back and call Mr. Wyne, a neighbouring, gentlemen that lived just at the back, of the garden, who is a great acquaintance of his lordship's. When I came back the prisoner was tied with his hands behind him.
Q. Did you go before the justice with him?
Martin. I did. There he own'd that he wrote the note with his own hand at Teddington, for my lord Radnor.
Q. Did he say for what purpose he wrote it?
Martin. No, he did not.
Prisoner's Defence.
As to the fact I am in utter ignorance of it. I know not that ever I saw him, or that ever I was at his lordship's house in my life. I have often been catch'd in my own room, and stop'd from murdering and destroying myself. I know nothing of it, not so much as a dream, nor the least single thought of it; let them swear or say what they will. People in London have seen me walk about, and have pitied me for being miserable, travelling about like a wandering spirit; I can rest no where. As to hurt mankind I never meant it, but I would willingly resign my life, it is not that I want to save it, (to send me hence is to free me from misery) I only beg your lordship to give me but a lawful chance, that's all I desire. I think I know a gentleman of the jury that I believe knows me, if he'll please to speak for me (pointing to Mr. Geff.)
Mr. Geff. I have known the prisoner some years. I never heard any thing amiss of him before this.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


