






175. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Mead 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-four pounds wt. of iron, value 3 s. and twelve pounds wt. of lead, value 18d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Poe 
                  




                
            , Feb. 22
.*
John Duncomb. On the 22d of February, between 3 and 4 o'clock, the prisoner and I went to Mr. Poe's house: the prisoner is a bricklayer's labourer
, and was at work upon the premises; there was a floor-cloth to be named up in the brewhouse; he was doing it; at which time he took some iron, and a piece of a leaden pipe, and went and hid it near the New-River, and in the evening we went and fetched it away, and sold it to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Thralkill 
               



            ; there were twenty-four pounds weight of iron, and twelve pounds of lead; we had three farthings per pound for the iron, and eighteen pence for the lead; it came to half a crown in the whole.


                  William 
                  Watts 
               



            . I had country lodgings at Mr. Poe's at Islington; there came a journeyman carpenter one morning, and said he had seen the prisoner and Duncomb over night, with a jack going into Old-street; he suspected they had stole it; two or three days after, Duncomb came into the house; Mr. Poe sent for a constable, and took him before justice Welch; he confessed before we went there, and also before the justice, that he and the prisoner had stole that, and what he is now charged with, from out of Mr. Poe's premises, and had sold them to Thralkill. I went to Thralkill and asked him about it; he owned he had bought several things of Duncomb.
Q. Do you know any thing against Mead of your own knowledge?
Watts. No; nothing but what Duncomb said.


                  Charles 
                  White 
               



            . I was with the prisoner before justice Welch, and heard him there acknowledge he stole the things mentioned in the indictment, and sold them to Thralkill for the same money the evidence has mentioned.


                  Peter 
                  Poe 
               



            . I heard the prisoner acknowledge he stole the iron and lead, mentioned in the indictment, in company with Duncomb.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence.



               Guilty
            .
[There was another indictment against him, for stealing the jack; but being cast upon this, he was not tried for that.]




[Transportation. See summary.]


