





71. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing four yards of damask worsted, two pieces of callimanco, one piece of camblet, one piece of worsted, and one piece of harrateen
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Ribott 
                  




                
            , November 28
. +


                  Francis 
                  Ribott 
               



            . I keep a mercer's shop
 in Spittal fields, the prisoner was my porter
, he used to open and shut my shop. I was informed several of my goods, which I supposed were stolen from me, were pawn'd at different places. About three weeks ago, Mr. Dunn the constable brought a piece of callimanco, a piece of camblet and a piece of harrateen, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Stone 
               



            , the person that pawn'd them, before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , which goods I believe to be my property, but cannot positively swear to them; but I took the prisoner into my compting house, there he acknowledged he had at sundry times robb'd me of those callimancoes, camblets and harrateens, afterwards I took him before the justice.
Q. Did you make him any promise on condition he'd tell you?
Ribott. I promised to be as favourable as I could, and upon that account I have only laid the indictment for some things of a trifling value to what I lost. I have not laid it capital, but without his confession I could not have come to the knowledge of them, for out of many goods it is almost impossible to miss a few pieces when taken away.
Pris. I did acknowledge I took the things.


                  Thomas 
                  Bonford 
               



            . The prosecutor imagining he might have lost more goods, he desired me to go to Clerkenwell-bridewell, and there to get what I could not of the prisoner. I went and told him, as he had robb'd his master of a great many goods, his only way to make his master as favourable as possible, was to let him know of them that he might get them again, and said, I'd call again the next day, that he might have time to recollect. I called accordingly, and he said he had recollected, and gave me a list of things he had taken away; part of which are in the indictment.
Prisoner. I desire the court would be as favourable as they can to me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


