






305, 306. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Payworth 
                  




                
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of leather shoes, one pair of men's stockings, val. 3 s. 5 linnen handkerchiefs
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brasnell 
                  



                
            ; and 
               
                  Catherine, Wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Robinson 
                     







            , for 


               receiving the shoes and stockings and four linnen handkerchiefs, knowing them to have been stolen
            , April 27

. +


                  William 
                  Brasnell 
               



            . The lad was to have been an apprentice to me, he was with me about nine months.
Q. How old is he?
Brasnell. He will be thirteen next July: we missed things at times for about two months, we found a handkerchief upon the lad the  April, then he confessed the whole affair.
Q. What degree of understanding has he?
Brasnell. He is a boy of pretty good sense.
Q. Have you seen any other of the goods since ?
Brasnell. I have; some are in the custody of the constable: the woman owned before the Alderman she had disposed of all the rest of the things; she said, she bought every thing that the boy brought, thinking they were honestly come by; she owned she gave six-pence for a pair of stockings that I had wore but once or twice; the shoes and stockings cost me 10 s. which the boy confessed she gave him 1 s. 6 d. for.


                  John 
                  Price 
               



            . The boy confessed to me he had taken the shoes, stockings, and handkerchiefs out of his master's house, and sold them to the woman.
Q. What number did he mention of handkerchiefs ?
Price. He did not say any number.


                  Thomas 
                  Ward 
               



            . I am constable, those things the woman delivered to me, which she said she bought of the boy. (He produces two pair of stockings, the prosecutor looks at them and deposes they are his property.) She owned before the Alderman she bought the pair of shoes which the prosecutor speaks of, and a pair of stockings for 1 s. 6 d. and at the same time she owned she had some of the things at home, which she bought of him, which afterwards she delivered to me; she lives in Pudding-lane, her husband is a cobler.
Q. to Payworth. What do you say for yourself ?
Payworth's defence.
The woman told me to get what things I could and she would buy them of me.
Q. Did you know your getting other people's things was not right?
Payworth. Yes, Sir.

Robinson's defence.
He brought the stockings and some handkerchiefs and said, they were the journeyman's, and desired me to let him have some money upon them, that they were going o ut to make holyday.
For Payworth.


                  Francis 
                  Humphreys 
               



            . I have known the boy from an infant, he is not thirteen years of age, his father and mother are honest people, and they have brought him up in a very pretty way: I don't think the child would have done such a thing had he not been set on by somebody.
Q. Was the boy capable of knowing he was doing a very wicked thing?
Humphreys. To be sure the boy must know the things were not his property.
The Court ordered the lad to be branded with a cold iron. (He is sworn to give evidence against the woman)
Q. to Payworth. Be sure tell the truth, give us an account how you first came acquainted with this woman?


                  Robert 
                  Payworth 
               



            . My master is a barber and lives on Fish-street hill, her husband is a cobler. First of all, I gave a shoe to mend, then she asked me if I had got any thing to sell; I told her I had an old whitish handkerchief, she gave me 3 d. for it; after that she said, get whatever you can, I'll buy it, for I buy any thing.
Q. How long is this ago?
Payworth. I have been at master's nine months, and it was when I first went there: after she said so, I asked her if she would buy shoes or stockings, she said, she would; I carried her a pair of shoes and stockings together; she asked me what I would have for them; I asked, what she thought they were worth; she said, she would give me 1 s. 6 d. she was going to give me the money, but her husband had a pair of shoes of mine to soale and heel-piece, and said that should pay for them; after that I carried her two pair of stockings.
Q. Where had you them from?
Payworth. Out of my master's drawer in the kitchen.
Q. Whose were they?
Payworth. I believe they were my master's.
Q. What did she give you for them?
Payworth. She gave me six-pence for them, and six-pence for one silk handkerchief, and a groat a piece for the other handkerchiefs.
Q. How many handkerchiefs did you carry to her?
Payworth. Five in all.
Q. Whose handkerchiefs were they?
Payworth. They were my mistress's.
Q. Did you tell her how you came by them?
Payworth. No, nor she did not ask me.



               Guilty
            .





[Payworth:Branding. See summary.]




[Robinson:Transportation. See summary.]


