





427. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Merredy 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one 36 s. piece of gold, and 2 s. 6 d. in money number'd, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Cheek 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            . ++


                  James 
                  Cheek 
               



            . I am porter to a tallow-chandler
 in Fore-Street. Meeting the prisoner at the bar and another woman in Bishopsgate-Street


, they clap'd me on the shoulder, call'd me my dear, and wanted me to treat them with a dram. I told them I did not like drams, but would treat them with a pot of beer, which I did; then nothing would serve them but I must go and see their room.
Q. Was you sober?
Cheek. No, if I had been sober I should not have done as I did. I went with them, and this good woman wanted me to undress myself and go to bed with her. I would not, but we sat together at the foot of the bed. I soon missed my money, and asked her to give it me again, but she denied having it.

Q. Did you perceive her to take it ?
Cheek. No, I did not.
Q. Are you sure you had the money about you at the time?
Cheek. I had it when I went into the room, a 36 s. piece and half a crown.
Q. Was the other woman near you?
Cheek. I don't know that she touch'd me.
Q. How soon did you miss it ?
Cheek. Not till I got from sitting on the bed, when I charged her with it. I kept the door, and would not let her go out, when she went to a drawer and took out a knife and fork, saying she would strike the fork into me. Then she put the knife to my throat, and I held up my hand, when she cut the back of it, and had it not been there she would have cut my throat. The watchman coming by I charged him with her, and he took her to the watch-house, where we searched her, but found nothing. She denied having the money before the sitting alderman.


                  John 
                  Harwood 
               



            . I am a watchman, and as I was beating the hour ten I heard somebody call Watch out at a window. When I came into the room, there were the prosecutor, prisoner, and another woman; he charged me with the prisoner for taking a 36 s. piece and half a crown from him, but she denied it. I took her to the watch-house, the other woman got away.
Prisoner's Defence.
This man came to me and another woman, asking us to drink part of a pot of beer, which we did, and then he wanted to go to my room. We went thither, and he treated us with a dram. While the other young woman was gone for the dram he threw me on the bed, and wanted to be rude with me against my will. After that, he threw me down upon the stairs. I wanted him to go out of the room, and said my husband was coming. He said, d - n you, you b - h, I'll lay you sprawling. He pull'd me, and we fell down stairs together, and he drag'd me in the mud when the watchman came. I never saw any money.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


