





115. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Maddox 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Campey 
                     



                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , January 12
.*
John Campey. On the 12th of January, at night, I went into the house of Mrs. Morris, in Newtoner's-Lane.
Q. Is it a publick or private house?
Campey. A private house.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Campey. No; I never saw her before to my knowledge.
Q. Where did you meet with her?
Campey. As I was going along in St. Giles's


 she pick'd me up.
Q. Was you sober ?
Campey. I was a little in liquor, and was in the room with her about twenty minutes. She went out before me, and as soon as I came out of the house I missed my watch.
Q. Are you sure you had it in that house?
Campey. She told me to take it out of my fob, and put it in my waistcoat pocket, which I did.
Q. What did she say at going out of the room?
Campey. She said nothing at all. I took her up on the 13th at the same house, and carried her before justice Welch, where she confessed the watch was at Mr. Watts's, in St. Giles's. Mr. Watts was sent for, and he brought the watch.


                  William 
                  Harsell 
               



            . The prosecutor sent for me on the 13th of January, and told me a person had pick'd his pocket of his watch. We went to Drury Lane, to inquire for the prisoner, and at last found her; she own'd she had taken the watch from him.
Mr. Watts. (The watch produced in court, and deposed to.) I had this watch delivered to me by Mr. Biggs. I have known the prisoner some time; she is a common street walker.
Mr. Biggs. Some time in January I heard the prisoner had a watch to sell for a guinea, so I went to her, and asked her how she came by it. She said she found it in the Park. I knowing the woman to be of a loose behaviour stop'd it, and delivered it to Mr. Watts the constable.
Prisoner's Defence.
The prosecutor pick'd me up, and he drop'd this watch upon the bed; I found it three hours after he was gone out of the room.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


