






25. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Foley 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing 24 iron horse-shoes, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Shaw 
                  



                
            , Nov. 5

. to which he 


               pleaded guilty
            . He was 



               ordered to be branded and was branded accordingly
            .
26. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Paul 
                     Neal 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               receiving the aforesaid 24 iron horse-shoes, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Nov. 5

. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Foley 
               



            . I was out of work and lame some time ago.
Q. What are you?
Foley. I am a journeyman farrier
; I had been acquainted with 
               
                  Paul 
                  Neal 
               



             the prisoner some time.
Q. Did you ever work with him?
Foley. Yes, but a very small space of time; I took these horse-shoes that I was indicted for in Mr Shaw's shop.
Q. How many might you take in the whole?
Foley. I can't tell.
Q. What did you do with them?
Foley. I carried them to the prisoner 
               
                  Paul 
                  Neal 
               



            .
Foley. How many do you think you might carry in the whole?
Foley. I believe he had put as many on upon horses as were found in his custody.
Q. Did he know where you brought them from?
Foley. He did very well.
Q. Can you swear you sold him a dozen?
Foley. I can.
Q. Can you swear you sold him twenty?
Foley. I can, and above; I can swear I sold him some dozens.
Q. Where did you meet with him?
Foley. I us'd to send for him to a publick house at first, he us'd to ask me what it was for, I said you can partly guess, I suppose; have you got any thing, said he; I gave him a nod. Where are they? we did not mention shoes. I told him the first time, I had them not then, but would bring them at one the next day.
Q. Did you carry them the next day?
Foley. No, but in a day or two after I brought him some.
Q. How many?
Foley. About eight.
Q. Eight what?
Foley. Horse-shoes, new.
Q. Was any mention made of Mr Shaw's shop?
Foley. Yes. I told him I was to bring them from there, he knew very well I could make none of my own.
Q. What money did he give you?
Foley. The first money he gave me was two shillings, and promised me more the next day; but did not mention any quantity.
Q. What were they worth?
Foley. Some were worth 6 d. some 9 d. and some a shilling, according as they were for weight. He bid me not to send for him to one ale-house twice, but to meet him at another house next time; he desired me to bring of the largest sort.
Q. Did you carry him any more?
Foley. I did, about the same quantity; sometimes he gave me two shillings, sometimes half-a crown, but he always promised me more; when I carried large shoes, I could not carry so many at a time.
Q. How many times did you carry him shoes?
Foley. I carried shoes about six or seven times, I remember he gave me two shillings all in halfpence the first day, and about half a crown the next day; he us'd to give me about a pint or two pints of beer for my waiting for my money.
Q. How much might he have given you in the whole?
Foley. About 5 or 6 s.
Q. What were the shoes you carry'd worth?
Foley. I can't tell; Mr Shaw can tell the value of his shoes best.
Cross Examination.
Q. Had you worked with Mr Shaw?
Foley. I had, two years.
Q. How could you come at them at Mr Shaw's ?
Foley. I us'd to go and take the key of the shop as it hung upon a nail, when the men were gone to dinner, and take the shoes.
Q. How could you take them without their being miss'd?

Foley. always agree.
Q. Where did 
               
                  Neal
               


             the prisoner live?
Foley. He kept a house in Stanhope-street.
Q. Has he lived there long?
Foley. Yes, some years.
Q. Did you ever work for him?
Foley. I believe I did 3 or 4 days.
Q. Had he and you any words by way of anger?
Foley. No, never.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  John 
                  Fisher 
               



            ?
Foley. I do.
Q. Had you no words with Neal just before you saw 
               
                  John 
                  Fisher 
               



            , once?
Foley. No.
Q. Then what was the meaning of those words you said to Fisher?
Foley. Neal had given me some money for some shoes, and a day's wages; I had some words in a publick house with a journeyman, the journeyman had got a warrant for me, and Mr Neal insisted upon my going before Justice Welch, and the other insisted on going before Justice Fielding, where he had the warrant. Fisher he gave in bail for us both.
Q. Did you ever in Fisher's hearing say you would do for some body?
Foley. Not to my knowledge.
Q. How came you to be apprehended for this offence, this is 5 weeks ago?
Foley. I went of my own accord and told Mr Shaw of it.
Q. When was the prisoner taken up?
Foley. He was taken up the next morning.
Q. How came you to know where to find the key at Mr Shaw's shop?
Foley. I had worked there some years, and knew the place where the key used to be put.
Counsel. You seemed to hesitate a good deal whether you should plead guilty or not, how came that?
Foley. Because I never had been in law before in all my life.


                  George 
                  Shaw 
               



            . I am a master Farrier, I lost horse-shoes, but I did not miss them.
Q. Do you know your own horse-shoes?
Shaw. I do by my mark; I had information from the last evidence, that he had stolen shoes from me, and sold them to the prisoner at the bar; I got a search-warrant and searched the prisoner's premises; I found 24 lock'd up in a cellar under his house. Produced in court. These are all my property.
Q. to Foley. Was you ever in that cellar where the horse-shoes were found?
Foley. No, I never was, 'till we broke the door open to search.
Q. to prosecutor. What do you know these shoes by?
Prosecutor. They have all my mark upon them.
Q. Who does that cellar belong to where you found them?
Prosecutor. I ask'd the person that goes for the prisoner's wife for the key, it was the prisoner's cellar. Foley was then in Covent-Garden work-house.
Q. What did the prisoner say upon your finding the shoes?
Prosecutor. He desired me to be favourable to him, but he did not confess the fact.
Q. Had you the horse-shoes weighed?
Prosecutor. I had, they weighed upwards of 50 pounds.
Q. What do you value them at?
Prosecutor. I value them at 10 s. I should be glad of some tons at that price.


                  Michael 
                  Saunders 
               



            . I am constable; we had a warrant to search the house of the prisoner, and in the cellar we found 24 horse-shoes, which Mr Shaw owned; then we took up the prisoner; I heard him say to Mr Shaw, he desired he'd be merciful to him.


                  Robert 
                  Maddox 
               



            . I was present with Mr Shaw when the prisoner's cellar door-was broke open.
Q. Who does that cellar belong belong to?
Maddox. It belongs to the prisoner; I took the horse-shoes out of the cellar; I also heard the prisoner desire Mr Shaw to be merciful to him; I saw no other shoes but the shoes that Mr Shaw own'd.


                  Patrick 
                  Doyle 
               



            . On the 7th of November the prisoner was committed; I am the man that made most part of these shoes.
Q. Who did you make them for?
Doyle. For Mr Shaw. I have not made a shoe for another man these 14 years.
Prisoner's defence. This is a very wicked man that has done this thing, and it was unknown to me; he has been poverty struck a great while, and bears such a character, no master in London will employ him. He wanted relief of me several times; I told him I did not like his coming into my shop. I did employ him one Saturday, in order for money for a Sunday's dinner; because I would not pay the expences of the bail-bond, he neglected his business and went to Mr Shaw's shop, and brought shoes from thence. I had been out one day, when I came home, I ask'd where 
               
                  Tom 
                  Foley 
               



             was? they said, Gone to dinner. I said, What, and left the horses unshod! they said, He said he would not go without his dinner for never a man in England. He put these things in my cellar unknown to me; because I would not let him have money to get drunk with on the 6th of November, he swore he'd do for me before he went abroad: he was about going to sea, he has been drunk every day in Newgate, and tells people he shall only be branded with a cold iron, and I shall be transported.
For the prisoner.


                  William 
                  Carter 
               



            . I work'd journey-work with the prisoner seven or eight years ago, and almost three years lately.
Q. Do you know Foley?
Carter. I do: he came to work for master on the 4th of November, and work'd three quarters of a day.
Q. Had you access to the small-beer-cellar?
Carter. No: we had no business with the small-beer, we had board-wages.
Q. Do you know of Foley's ever meeting your master at a publick-house?
Carter. No.
Q. Do you remember his saying on the Saturday, he would go to dinner in spight of any master in England?
Carter. I remember his saying he would go to dinner?
Q. Do you remember any shoes of Mr Shaw's being brought to your shop?
Carter. I never saw a shoe of his brought to the shop in my life.
Q. Who us'd to make your master's shoes?
Carter. In general, my master made his own shoes, without he bought any: I can't tell what he bought.
Q. Has your master been a man of credit?
Carter. He has for five or six years: I can't say to the contrary.
Q. Did you ever set on shoes on horses with the prosecutor's marit on them nor the prisoner?
Carter. I cannot say but I have seen some of Mr Shaw's shoes: I do assure you.
Q. Did you never set any on horses feet?
Carter. I believe I put a pair on, and more I never did?
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you ever sell the prisoner any shoes?
Prosecutor. No never: I never sell any off the horses feet.
Q. What is Mr Shaw's mark?
Carter. It is S and a Crown.
Q. Did your master publickly carry on business?
Carter. He did.
Q. Do you think if your master had receiv'd shoes of Mr Shaw's, knowing them to have been stolen, he would have trusted you to have set them on?
Carter. It is common to buy shoes that are lost from off horses feet, that are good ones.
Q. Did you ever put on new shoes on horses by your master's order, that were new shoes, with Mr Shaw's mark upon them.
Carter. I believe I did put on two new shoes.
Q. Whether or no you have not seen more new shoes with Mr Shaw's mark on them, in your master's shop?
Carter. No: none, but them I mention.
Q. Where had you them two from?
Carter. My master brought them from out of the cellar.


                  John 
                  Fisher 
               



            . I heard the evidence Foley threaten somebody.
Q. Who did you understand he threatened?
Fisher. I thought it was a man whom they call Ligonier, that works with Mr Neal.
Q. How long have you known Mr Neal?
Fisher. I have known him six years.
Q. What is his general character?
Fisher. I never knew him any thing but an honest man; I have done business for him ever since he has been in that shop, he paid me just and honestly.


                  Stephen 
                  Freeman 
               



            . I have known him six years, he is an honest hard working man: I have lent him 4 or 5 l. at a time, he paid me again very honestly; I went to Clerkenwell Bridewell and ask'd Foley how this thing came to be found out about the shoes. Said he I ask'd my master Neal for 2 s. and he said he would give me none: then he said he went to Mr Shaw and told him there were 24 or 25 shoes that Neal bought of him.


                  John 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I live at Porters-Block, and have known the prisoner about six years.
Q. What is his character?
Stevens. He is a man of a sober life, he behav'd well, and did his work very well.
Jos. Worthington. I have known him between four and five years: he is a very honest hard working man.


                  Thomas 
                  Axford 
               



            . I have known him four or five years; he shoes my horses; I always believ'd him to be an honest man.
Mr Wyers. I have known the prisoner seven or eight months; he bears the character of an honest man.


                  Hugh 
                  Scott 
               



            . I heard Foley say he would make Neal come to him.
Mr Winwood. I am coachman to 
               
                  Peter 
                  Warren 
               



            , Esq; the prisoner has work'd for my master the time I have been there, that is three years: be always did his work well like an honest industrious man.
Q. Where does your master live?
Winwood. He lives in Cecil-street in the Strand


                  Hugh 
                  Scott 
               



            . I have known him a year and a half.
Q. What is his general character?
Scott. I look upon him to be an honest man.



               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


