






263, 264. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Clark 
                  



               
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  
                     Rachael 
                     Lucas 
                  



                
            , widow
, were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 8 s. one gold chain-ring, one gold ring, with a crystal stone, one gold locket, one silver spoon, one fork, with an agate handle, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Barrot 
                        



                      
                  , and one silver coral
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chambers 
                  



                
            , April 21

. and the second for 


               receiving the gold ring, locket, and fork, part of the said goods
            , knowing them to have been stolen *.


                  Robert 
                  Barrot 
               



            . 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clark 
               



             lived servant
 with me a quarter of a year within two days; I, not liking her behaviour, turned her away on the first of April last, and she went to live with Mr. Powel, at Kensington-Gore.
Q. What are you?
Barrot. I am a publican
, and live near St. Martin's Church



; I had not missed those things, but Mr. Powel came and brought the chain, ring, and coral to me, and I then knew them to be mine; they were in my house when Clark lived with me: the coral is not properly mine, but a soldier, named Chambers, left it with me, and I lent him a small matter on it. I took the prisoner up, and she confessed she took them and all the things mentioned in the indictment, and where she had disposed of the gold watch and other things; I took her at the other prisoner's house. I examined Lucas, who told me, she had pawned the gold locket in Denmark-Court, after which the constable and I went to that pawnbroker, and had the locket delivered to us; then by Clark's direction we went to 
               
                  Walter 
                  Rochford 
               



            , a pawnbroker, at the corner of Russel-Court, and had the spoon and a gold ring delivered to us.



                  Solomon 
                  Powel 
               



            . I am a victualler. Clark came to live with me the Sunday before Easter; about the middle of the week she went out with a pot of beer, and when she returned she said she had picked up this coral and chain ring that hung to it. She gave them into my custody to sell if they were not advertised.


                  Mark 
                  Holebourne 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Denmark-Court. Rachael Lucas brought this gold locket, and told me it was a neighbour's of her's. I lent her 4 s. upon it.


                  Walter 
                  Rochford 
               



            . The prosecutor had from my house one spoon and one ring, but I did not take them in then. Lucas once before had brought the same gold locket to my house, and had taken it out again.


                  Edward 
                  Cuthbert 
               



            . I am constable. Last Saturday night Mr. Barrot came to me and desired me to go with him in order to take up 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clark 
               



            , which I did. She confessed that Lucas and she had taken all these things from her master Barrot's house, and that Lucas had inticed her to it. The agat-handled fork I found in Lucas's room. [The goods produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Clark's defence.


                  Mary 
                  Lucas 
               



             was the first that mentioned it to me to do it.
Lucas's defence.
I know nothing of Clark's coming away till she brought these things to my house.
For Clark.
Barnaby M'Atee. I have known Clark about three years and a half. I keep a green grocer's shop. She was apprentice to me and served me very honestly. I lived next door to Mr. Barrot all the time.
Elizabeth his wife deposed the same.


                  Thomas 
                  Kingham 
               



            . I knew her three years and a half while she was apprentice to the last evidence. She worked hard, and always had a good character.
For Lucas.


                  Hannah 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I have known Lucas upwards of ten years, and never knew any dishonesty of her.
Q. Have you known her lately?
Taylor. I have.


                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known Lucas seven years. I keep a publick house; she has been frequently in my apartments, and I never suspected her of being a bad woman, or lost any thing by her. I would trust her the same now was she at liberty.


                  Mary 
                  Herd 
               



            . I have known her eight years, and never knew but she was a very honest woman.


                  Mark 
                  Holebourne 
               



            . I have known Lucas these seven years, and never knew any ill of her.
Both 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


