





220. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Richards 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Robinson 
                        




                      
                  , Esq;
 privately from his person
            , June 10
. ++


                  William 
                  Robinson 
               



            . On the 10th of this instant June, I was in the Fleet-market


, I found something at my pocket; I turned and looked over my shoulder, and saw the prisoner at the bar close by me; I felt in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; he made through the crowd, I followed him, and when I was at Holbourn-bridge, saw him run up Holbourn, I called out stop thief, and set on running. He was soon stopped, and my handkerchief was found on the ground near him, and delivered to me, ( producing a silk handkerchief.) This is my property, here is the mark my daughter made upon it.
Q. In whose custody has it been since?
Robinson. In my custody.
Q. Did you see him drop it?
Robinson. I did not.
Q. How long before you missed it, had you it in your pocket?
Robinson. I was but just come from home, and used it I was coming down from Gray's-inn.


                  Thomas 
                  Walker 
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar running up Holbourn, and hearing the cry of stop thief, there were a great many people after him. As soon as he was laid hold of, I saw this handkerchief drop from him.
Q. What are you?
Walker. I keep a brasier's shop at the corner of Field-lane, Holbourn, and was standing at my own door at the time I first saw him.
Q. Could any body else have dropped the handkerchief do you imagine?

Walker. No, no body but the prisoner, he was close up to the side of a haberdasher's shop when it dropped.  


               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


