





394. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Robertson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 16 pair of leather shoes, six pair of leather clogs, 9 lasts, one cutting board, one pair of spectacles
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Speller 
                  




                
            , May 29
. ++


                  Henry 
                  Speller 
               



            . I am a cobler
 and live in Turnagain lane near Snow Hill, I went home the 28th of May, and left my door fast. When I went there about nine the next morning I found the door open and all my goods and tools gone, 16 pair of old shoes, 6 pair of leather cloggs, nine lasts, even so much as my spectacles, strap, and a bit of leather I have to put round my hand to do hard work with, and my cutting board. In the afternoon a young man came and told me the things were at the constable's; I went, and there I found them. Produced in court and deposed to.


                  John 
                  Fry 
               



            . I am constable of St. Sepulchre's about nine in the morning, on the 29th of May, the prisoner was brought to me by a watchman, there were several tools and shoes belonging to a cobler upon him; he said he was carrying them on the other side the water, fearing his landlord should seize them, &c. I had him before alderman Rawlinson, and by advertising I found there were seventeen coblers stalls broke open. I believe I had a dozen coblers with me, the prosecutor came and owned the goods. I took six picklock keys out of the prisoner's pocket.


                  Miles 
                  Beck 
               



            , I am a watchman, about a quarter after three in the morning, on the 29th of May, I took the prisoner with these things upon him in a sack, in Hoster Lane, near Smithfield, he had a woman with him with a cutting board under her arm. I asked him what he had got there, he gave me a surly answer, so I took him to the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought these things in Rag fair of a woman.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


