





2. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Morris 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pound and fourteen ounces of fine thread, value 20 s. and twelve dozen of ivory combs, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Whitworth 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Alchorn 
                        



                      
                  , privately in their shop
            , November 12
. ++


                  James 
                  Whitworth 
               



            . My partner's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Alchorn 
               



            ; we are haberdashers

, and live in Leadenhall Street


. I saw the prisoner in our shop on the 12th of November last, between five and six in the evening; she bought a hat and some ribbon.
Q. Did you know her before?
Whittworth. No; I never saw her before to my knowledge: I did not miss any thing then ( this was on a Saturday) but on the Wednesday morning following I received a letter from Mr. Griffice, my comb maker, who lives on the other side of the water, the contents of which were,
"That a woman was stopped with some combs of the very sort that he had sold to me the Saturday before.
"I went as directed to the constable, where I found twelve dozen of ivory combs, and a pound and fourteen ounces of fine thread. The prisoner was then in custody: I did not see her till she was carried before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Glynn 
               



            , where she was charged with stealing the goods mentioned.
Q. Whose goods were they which you saw in the hands of the constable?
Whitworth. They were our property. The prisoner did not directly deny taking them, but made some frivolous excuse. (The goods produced in court.) Here is my hand-writing and my partner's on the papers that are about the thread; the thread was a little dirty, and it was laid by to be dyed.


                  William 
                  Hutchins 
               



            . I am a constable, and was sent for by Mr. Nugent, at the Nag's head in Cheapside, when I was told that the woman they had got there had been attempting to rob the larder where they keep the victuals. I laid hold of her (the prisoner at the bar) and found she had got a parcel of things in a handkerchief, amongst which was this parcel of ivory combs mark'd with a shopkeeper's mark; some of them were loose down her bosom. In the handkerchief also was this parcel of thread. She said she bought the combs of a comb-maker on Snow-hill. I sent a person thither with some of them, who return'd and said they were not made there, but was directed to Mr. Bowers, near Aldgate. I asked the prisoner where she had the thread, who said she bought it in the street. Then I secured her, advertised the goods, and went to Mr. Bowers; he sent me to Mr. Griffice, who said the combs were of his make, and sent to the prosecutor's.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am not guilty of the fact laid to my charge.




               Guilty, 4 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


