





375. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Bruel 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver table spoon, val. 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Haynes 
                  




                
            , Aug. 25
. ++


                  Jane 
                  Germain 
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Haynes at Tom's Coffee-house, Great-Russel-Street, Covent-Garden


; on the 25th of August, between four and five in the afternoon, I look'd out at the kitchen door, and saw the prisoner in the yard, who begg'd for some broken victuals; in about an hour afterwards I missed a silver table spoon from out of the wash-house, but did not see the prisoner in the wash-house. I went to see after the prisoner, who was not to be found; on the 29th I found it advertised, and went to the pawnbroker who had stopp'd it, and found it to be my master's spoon which we missed.


                  William 
                  Humphrys 
               



            . The prisoner the bar brought this spoon to sell on the 25th of August ; she said she found it in Long-Acre. ( Produc'd in court, broke in two pieces, and depos'd to by 
               
                  Jane 
                  Germain 
               



            , as the property of her master Mr. Haynes ) I stopp'd and advertis'd it, and the other evidence came and own'd it as her master's; the prisoner was not stopp'd; after that she came again, I told her I had deliver'd it to Mr. Haynes's servant, she went there to demand the spoon, so she cur'd.

Prisoner's Defence.
I found the spoon facing Cross-Lane in Long-Acre. I did not know whether it was silver or not, I went to a shop and the man told me it was silver; then I went to this man who stopp'd it, and I went to him again to know if any body own'd it, two or three times; at last he told me he had found the owner, and directed me to the house; so I went there thinking to have some reward for it.
Q. to J. Germain. Was the spoon whole when it was in the wash-house.
Germain. It was.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


