





37. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Williams 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one tea chest, value 12 d. four silver tea spoons, one brass candlestick and one brass saucepan
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Wheatley 
               




             , widow
, November 27
. ++


                  Sarah 
                  Wheatley 
               



            . I live at the Red-Lion in Hammersmith


. The prisoner at the bar called one night, and asked for a night's lodging. After that he came eleven or twelve nights, and lay at my house. I examined what his business was, that he came every night. He said, his mother kept a milliner's shop at Twickenham, that he went to London for her, and he thought my house was a good half-way house. I said, if your mother lives as you say, it is a wonder you are not better cloathed. I found he gave divers accounts about where he lived. I went to London on the 27th of November, and he staid at my house. On the Monday morning following my maid was cleaning the candlesticks, and she missed one After that I missed a quart saucepan. Presently a person came for some coals, and I went down to measure them. I was soon called up by a neighbour, who said to me, do you know any thing of a man that was in your house? He is gone with his pockets full of something. I sent 
               
                  John 
                  Sampson 
               



             after him, who brought him back, with my tea-chest and things in it under his arm. (Produced in court. )
Q. Look at these things, do you know them?
S. Wheatley. This is my tea-chest and spoons. The prisoner said he sold the saucepan somewhere near Hick's Hall. I took him before justice Bever. There he owned all, and said, if I'd forgive him, he'd go and serve his majesty.


                  John 
                  Sampson 
               



            . I lodge right against the prosecutrix's house. She desired me to run after the prisoner, which I did, and found him at Kensington Gravel-pits. I took him to a constable there, and then to the prosecutrix's house, and from thence to justice Bever's.
Q. Had he any thing upon him when you took him?
Sampson. He had this tea-chest that is here produced.
Q. What did he say for himself before the justice ?
Sampson. He owned there he took the things.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


