





18. (M) 
               
                  Mary 
                  Plumber 
               



            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 30 s. and one pair of buckskin breeches, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Adkinson 
                  




                
            . Oct. 12
 ++


                  John 
                  Adkinson 
               



            . I lost a coat and a pair of buckskin brecches out of the house of 
               
                  John 
                  Chappel 
               



            ; but I know nothing of the taking them. The prisoner and I both lodged in that house. I had not lock'd my room door when I went out, the time I lost them. I advertised them, and heard of them again by Mr Doleman.


                  William 
                  Doleman 
               



            . I keep a sale-shop. The prisoner came, and offer'd this coat to sale to me. I observed it was worth much more than she ask'd me for it; so I said, I'd see the person that own'd it. She led me about to many places: First to Charterhouse Square, and then into Oxford Market. There she gave me the drop. After that I saw her, and laid hold on her, and she was known, and so I came by the knowledge of the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
There was one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Piper 
               



             lived in a room over against the prosecutor, in the same house. She desired I'd go and pawn these things, so I went and pawn'd them, and brought the money to her. Then she desired I'd go and fetch the coat out, and sell it for her. She had got a black eye, that she could not go; so I went to this gentleman's, and he stop'd me.
Q. to Doleman. Did the prisoner say how she came by these things?
Doleman. She said she took them.
Q. Did she talk any thing about having them of one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Piper 
               



            ?
Doleman. No, she did not; but when she came before the justice she said one Mrs. Piper gave them to her, but not to pawn.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


