






336, 337. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Dallings 
                  , otherwise 
Dalios




             and 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Collins 
                  



spinster
, were indicted for 


               that they, on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bibbey 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person one silver watch, value 3 l. one linnen handkerchief, value 12 d. one iron snuff-box, and one pair of leather gloves
            , being his property, May 20
. +


                  James 
                  Bibbey 
               



            . I was coming from St. Mary le Bon


 to London


 last Monday was seven-nightand met with a woman on the road first.
Q. What time was that?
Bibbey. It was about nine or ten o'clock. I asked her which was the way to Long-Acre, she said I do not know, or to that purposeand then added, My dear, will not you give me something. We had some more discourse for about three or four minutes. I told her I did not know whether I would give her any thing or not. We walked on together some yards further, and then we met with two men and two women. Presently after this it came into my head that I had lost something, so I put my hand into my pocket and missed my watch; I then asked the woman for it, but she said she knew nothing of it.
Q. Who was that woman?
Bibbey. It was Collins the prisoner.
Q. What did you do upon this?
Bibbey. I laid my hands on her, and thought to have felt it if I could lay hold of the purse, but I did not; then they all came round me, and laid hold of me.
Q. How long after the two men and two women came to you was it that you missed your watch?
Bibbey. I missed it the very same moment they came.
Court. So then, who took your watch you don't know?
Bibbey. No, I did not then; but since that, when we were before the justice, 
               
                  Anne 
                  Collins 
               



             the prisoner said she took it.
Q. You say they all got round you, what do you mean by that, and what did they do to you?
Bibbey. I received several blows on my stomach, which I was obliged to be blooded for afterwards. Then they took my money from me.
Court. Give a particular account of what they took from you.
Bibbey. They took eight or nine shillings, I cannot be particular which.
Q. Who took that?
Bibbey. I don't know.
Q. Did you ever find it out afterwards?
Bibbey. I never did.
Q. What else did they take?
Bibbey. A pocket handkerchief, a pair of leather glovesand a snuff-box. One of them knocked me down, but I was so surrounded, that I cannot tell who it was that gave me the blow.
Q. What did you do upon this?
Bibbey. I asked them to let me have my watch, and told them that they should be welcome to my money; but one knew nothing of it, and another knew nothing of it; one went one way, the other another, and so I saw no more of them.

Q. How came you to hear of them afterwards?
Bibbey. They were taken up by a gentleman that is here, whose name is Maddox.


                  John 
                  Maddox 
               



            . On Tuesday was sev'nnight, between the hours of one and two o'clock, as I was going up Poland-Street, Tyburn-Road, I met with 
               
                  Anne 
                  Collins 
               



            , one of the prisoners at the bar, who called to me, and told me she wanted to speak to me. The other prisoner was also with her at the same time, but he stood on one side whilst she and I talked together.
Q. Name the name; who was it?
Maddox. 
               
                  George 
                  Dalling 
               



            .
Q. What talk had she and you ?
Maddox. She asked me which she had best to do, either to surrender, or to be grabb'd.
Q. What is the meaning of the word to be grabb'd?
Maddox. To be taken up by the constable.
Q. Did you not talk the whole out before this?
Maddox. No, not a word before this. She said she nailed the lodge.
Q. Did you ask her the meaning of that expression?
Maddox. I did. She said, I took this watch from a man last night, and this man was with me; I want to turn an evidence, and swear against him. I asked her where it was, she opened her right hand, and therein I saw a green ribband, the key, and glass of the watch.
Q. Are they in Court?
Maddox. They are (he produced them). I asked her where the other parts were, and she replied, He has got them.
Q. Who was that he?
Maddox. The other prisoner.
Q. Did he produce them?
Maddox. No, my Lord. She said, do you be admitted an evidence, for Dolling and I cannot; I replied I am one, and that she should go before the justice. We then went together, and had a pint of beer at the Black Horse.
Q. Did this man say any thing ?
Maddox. No, he stood by at a little distance.
Q. Could he hear your discourse?
Maddox. No, he could not.
Q. What happened after this?
Maddox. I said let us go this way ( pointing to the publickhouse) but the prisoner Dolling said he would go that way, which was the very contrary to ours, and said he would come back while we were drinking the pint of beer. I then sent for Mr. Bagley the constable, and when he came in, Dolling the prisoner was coming down the street towards the back-door of the house: at that instant I said to Mr. Bagley, This is your prisoner; upon which he went outlaid hold of him, and took this movement from him, being the guts of a watch (producing it). Then the prisoner Collins told Mr. Bagley that Dolling was with her at the time of the robbery; but God knows that, for I do not. Two days after I advertised the watch, with the maker's name, and the prosecutor came to the place mentioned in the advertisement. He informed me he was robbed on such a night; I told him the people were to be at the justice's, and that there he might have an opportunity of seeing whether they were the persons or not. We carried them before Justice St. Lawrence, there the prosecutor described the woman before he saw her, and when he did see her, he said that was she.
Q. Do you know any thing more of this affair ?
Maddox. Yes; she actually said before the justice she took the things from him, and added, Did not you see me give the watch to such a person?
Q. Was any thing said but what related to the watch?
Maddox. No, my Lord, nothing more. She said the other prisoner was the person who took the watch from her.
Q. Did you know the woman prisoner before?
Maddox. Yes, I knew her before by sight; she lived in the neighbourhood where I did.
Court. Then you say she asked you whether it was proper to surrender?
Maddox. Yes, she did; she asked me which was bestto surrender or be grabb'd.

Q. What business are you?
Maddox. A perriwig-maker by trade, and an officer belonging to the Marshalsea Court; I was going to arrest a man then.
Q. to Bibbey. Look on that ribband and seal, and see whether you know them to belong to you?
Bibbey. They did belong to my watch.
Q. Can you swear to the guts of the watch?
Bibbey. No, but I can to the dial-plate and the maker's name.
Q. What is the name?
Bibbey. It is James Green, Gloucester.
Q. Was that the name of the maker of your watch which you lost?
Bibbey. It was; I had had it five years and upwards.
Q. from Dolling. What time was it you was robbed?
Bibbey. About half an hour past nine o'clock.
Q. from Dolling. Are you positive to my face?
Bibbey. I cannot be positive to his face.
Q. Did he own he robbed you?
Bibbey. No, he did not.
Q. Did you know 
               
                  Ann 
                  Collins 
               



             before the time she took your watch?
Bibbey. No.
Q. Did you see her face then?
Bibbey. I did.
Q. Was it light enough?
Bibbey. It was betwixt light and dark, that is, twilight.
Q. Did you see her so plain, as you could be sure that she was the person when you saw her before the justice?
Bibbey. I did.
Q. Did you see any body with her before you met with the other people?
Bibbey. No, I did not.


                  John 
                  Bagley 
               



            . I am a constable. On Tuesday was sev'night, between the hours of two and three, I was sent for into Peter's-Street, to take charge of the two prisoners at the bar, on suspicion of a robbery: the woman had the ribband, seal, and glass of the watch, and the man at the bar gave me the guts of it.
Q. from Dolling. Did I make any resistance?
Bagley. No, he made none. The woman owned the robbing a man in Mary le Bon fields of a watch and handkerchief, and said there were some other people with her, but she would sooner be hanged than tell who they were. I believe Dolling is as innocent as I am: she shewed great enmity to him, and said, she would do him over, as she called it.
Q. What do you think she meant by that?
Bagley. I suppose she meant to have him hanged, she is wicked enough. She never denied robbing a man of his watch (produced in pieces here.) I have had it in my custody ever since.
Q. Did you know the woman before?
Bagley. No, I never saw her in my life before to my knowledge.
Q. to Bibbey. You told us you missed your watch, and that you was robbed afterwards of the other things you mentioned.
Bibbey. I did, my Lord.
Q. Did you miss your handkerchief at the same time your watch was taken away, or afterwards?
Bibbey. That was taken away afterwards.
Collin's Defence.
I met with this man as I was coming home from my work: he asked me the way to some place, and said, he would give me some beer; I said, I was no friend to beer; he then said he would lie with me: I would not be agreeableso he tore my gown to pieces, and took my apron from off my side; with that he threw down his watch upon the ground, and I took it up.
Dolling's Defence.
I have witnesses to prove where I was when the robbery was committed.
For Dolling.


                  James 
                  Buckley 
               



            . I have known the prisoner Dolling about six monthshe lived servant in the house where I did, at an apothecary's; he bears the character of a very honest man; but I have something to say in regard to this affair. On Monday was sev'night I came home about nine o'clock, the prisoner was in the back parlour.
Q. Where do you live ?

Buckley. In Broad-Street, Soho. My wife was not at home, the prisoner Dollings was talking to me all the time. I left him about half an hour after nine, when I went up stairs I was with him about half an hour.
Q. Had you any suspicion that he went out a robbing or thieving?
Buckley. Nomy Lord, I have trusted him with a thousand pounds worth of things at a time, and always found him to be honestand believe him to be innocent of the thing he is charged with.


                  Dorothy 
                  Buckley 
               



            . I am wife to the last witness. We live with Mr. Barkleyan apothecary; I saw the prisoner at our house between eight and nine o'clock, I was going out, and when I came in again, which was about half an hour after nine, I saw him in the back parlour, and spoke to him there. I never heard but he was a very honest man, and can justly prove it. I have trusted him with very valuable things, he never defrauded me, or any body else, that I know of.
There were more witnesses to his character, but the court thought it needless to call them.
Dollings 

               acquitted
            , Collins 


               guilty of felony only
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


