





140. (M.) 
               
                  Mary 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        James 
                        Macnamara 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of worstead stockings, value 4 s. one muslin neckcloth, value 2 s. and two linen handkerchiefs
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Peirce 
                  




                
            , Jan. 8
. +


                  Ann 
                  Swan 
               



            . I live at Mr. Peirce's, in Castle-street, Leicester-fields


. The prisoner was chairwoman
 there. We had missed things last Sunday was five weeks. I saw the prisoner with a handkerchief on, which I thought was my master's. I followed her home, and desired to see it, and shew'd her the mark upon it. (Produced in court.) She said it was not his, but that it belong'd to another person. I desired her to bring it, which she did on the Sunday morning following. Then she had taken out the P. and put in a D. I can safely swear it is my master's property. Master had her taken up on suspicion, and desired me to go to the pawnbroker's, to see for other things, and at Mr. Rochford's I found three pair of worstead stockings, a neckcloth, and two colour'd handkerchiefs ( produced in court.) These are my master's property.


                  William 
                  Rose 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Peirce. I know these stockings to be my master's property. I was by when they were found at Mr. Rochford's.


                  William 
                  Wakefield 
               



            . I live with Mr. Rochford. The prisoner pawned these things with me.
Prisoner's Defence.


                  Ann 
                  Swan 
               



             gave me these things to do her work for her, because she was not able to do it:



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


