






397, 398. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Jones 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Carter 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing twelve yards of linnen cloth, value 15 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Turner 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said Turner
            , August 8
. ++


                  Judith 
                  Turner 
               



            . I live in Holborn


, my husband keeps a linnen draper's shop
; on the 8th of August, the prisoner Jones came into the shop, and desired I would shew her some pieces of cotton for a gown, I shew'd her several pieces, there was none that she lik'd, nor none that would come at her price, she went out of the shop again; I did not miss any thing, till the woman that sets at the door with fruit, came and asked me if I had lost any thing ; then I search'd, and found I had lost a piece of linnen, I sent and brought her back again, and she brought the linnen in her lap into the shop; I took it up and charged the constable with her, then we took her to the Mansion-house, and she was committed; I have nothing to say as to Carter, there was a woman with her, with a child in her arms, but I cannot say whether Carter is the woman or no.

Cross Examin'd.
Q. Did Jones confess the fact ?
J. Turner. She said the other run away, and threw the linnen into her lap.
Q. Did the other say any thing about it?
Turner. No, she did not; neither do I know which it was that took it, but I took it out of Jones's lap.


                  Henry 
                  Dobbings 
               



            . I live next door to the last witness, I took 
               
                  Ann 
                  Jones 
               



            , with this piece of linnen in her lap; (be produces it, which was deposed to by Mr. Turner in Castle Yard, in Holborn) I was present when they were committed.


                  Richard 
                  Gore 
               



            . I live upon Saffron hill; I was at work in Castle Yard, and stopt Jones with the linnen in her lap, I brought her back to Mr. Turner's shop, and saw the linnen taken from her.


                  Ann 
                  Warring 
               



            . I sell fruit at the door of Mr. Turner ; I saw the 2 women go into the shop, (I am sure Jones is one, the other had a child in her arms. ) I heard them differ about the price, then she that had the child in her arms came out and said to Jones, do you go in and talk, and I'll go off; then she with the child in her arms, seem'd to bussle something between the child and herself, and as she turn'd round to go down Holborn, one end hung out below the child; I said to her, you have got more than your due; says she, does it belong to you, and be d - nd to you.
Q. Look at the woman at the bar with the child in her arms, and see whether that is the person that went into the shop?
Warring. I think it is, but I won't be positive.
Jones's Defence.
I never was in the gentleman's house in my life. 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Carter 
               



             came to me and said, will ye hold this bundle, which was wrapt up in a blue cloak, I did, I turned about and heard somebody cry, step thief ! immediately she run out of the way, I went into Castle Yard to look for her, but could not find her ; then a young man took hold on me and brought me into the shop, and took the bundle from me.
Q. to Turner. Was that 
               
                  Ann 
                  Jones 
               



             the only person that came into your shop?
Turner. No, there was another woman with a child in her arms, but I cannot be positive that the prisoner Carter is the person.
For the Prisoners.
Isabella James. I know 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Carter 
               



            : as I was standing with my barrow at the door of the Two-blue-posts tavern, I saw Carter with a blue cloak, I asked her how she did, she would not stop, but went into the linnen-draper's shop; then I saw her come out with something in the blue cloak, Jones was talking to another young woman, and Carter came to her and desired her to take the things out of her hand till she shifted the child on her other arm; then she put the bundle into her hand and stood still; then Carter turned about and ran up the next turning, and left the bundle with Jones, who stood talking till the young man came and took hold on her.
Q. Did the young man take hold of her in Holborn, or in Castle Yard?
James. Upon my oath it was before she went into the yard.
Q. to Turner. Was the linnen in the blue cloak when you took it out of Jones lap?
Turner. No, in nothing but her apron.


                  Roger 
                  Conner 
               



            . I have known Jones about 3 years, she lived a year servant with me, she behaved very honest and true: I have trusted her with every thing in my house,


                  John 
                  Wallace 
               



            . I have known the prisoner Jones ever since she was a child, her general character is that of a very honest girl.


                  Bryant 
                  Mooney 
               



            . I know nothing at all of the girl, only that she is an honest one, and I knew her as such.


                  John 
                  Turner 
               



            . I have known Jones 8 years, I knew her in Dublin, and have known her three months in England; her general character is that of a very just and honest girl.
Jones 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .
Carter 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


