





54. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Bank-note, bearing date Dec. 30. val. 30 l. and a note under the hand of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Ironside 
                     



                  , val. 84 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Tibey 
                  




                
            , Dec. 8
. *.
Jos. Cooper. I paid Mr. Tibey, the Friday before the Lottery began to draw, for ten tickets, 118 l. 15 s. in which payment there was a goldsmith's note for 84 l. and a 30 l. Bank-note, and the rest in money.
Jos. Hall. On Friday evening, the 8th of November, about 6 o'clock, I went into Jonathan's Coffee-house. I heard Mr. Tibey make a bargain for ten Lottery-tickets with a neighbour of mine one Mr. Parsons. Mr. Tibey all on a sudden turn'd about, and laid hold on the prisoner at the bar, saying, This man's hand was in my pocket, Lay hold on him: People cry'd, Shut the door, keep him in. A crowd gathered round him; I heard one or two people say, He flung something out of his hand. I looked down, and took up two notes, one inclosed in the other; the outside was a Bank-note of 30 l. the other a note of alderman Ironside and company, for 84 l. this was about 2 or 3 yards from the place where Mr. Tibey first charged him with having his hand in his pocket.
Q. How far from the prisoner?
Hall. They lay close to his foot; Mr. Tibey described them, and they were delivered to Mr. Capes.
Cross-Examined.
Q. Were there many people in the Coffee-house?
Hall. The Coffee-house was almost as full as it could hold.
Q. How near was the prisoner to Mr. Tibey, when he said that man's hand was in his pocket?
Hall. They were close together.
Prisoner. Did not Mr. Tibey cry out, O Lord! O Lord! O Lord! then turn about and lay hold on me, and say, I don't like you? Then he charg'd me.
Hall. I did not hear any such word, only this: This man's hand was in my pocket.
Q. Where is Mr. Tibey? I suppose he's here.
Hall. He is a Quaker, and does not care to swear.
Q. What did the prisoner say in answer?
Hall. He said, Sir, Me! not me!
Q. Did he change countenance ?
Hall. I did not see he did at all.
Q. Where was Mr. Tibey, when you took up the notes?
Hall. He was moved towards the end of the room.


                  James 
                  Capes 
               



            . On the 8th of November, about six in the evening, I was in Jonathan's Coffee-house ; the crowd was very great: In endeavouring to pass from one end to the other, I passed by Mr. Tibey; he said, I don't like this fellow, he has had his hand in my pocket. The prisoner made some reply, I cannot tell what. Mr. Tibey made answer to it. Fellow, I felt your hand in my pocket; and added, Why don't you lay hold on him? Upon which Mr. Hall clapt hold on him. There was an outcry in the room, saying, Shut the door and search him. Then somebody said, He has dropt something. I looked upon the floor, and at the prisoner's feet there lay some papers folded up together, which Mr. Hall took up and gave into my hand. I turned about to Mr. Tibey, and asked him what were the notes he had lost? He said, a Bank-note and a goldsmith's note. I opened them, and found the outside note was a Bank-note, and the other a note of 84 l. as he had told me before; they were sealed up, and kept in my custody ever since. [Produced in court, and deposed to.]
On his being cross-examined, he said the papers were found immediately upon the calling out he had dropt something; there he saw them lie immediately: That when they were taken up, there was but an open place large enough for a man to stand : That he did not think any body else could drop them : That Mr. Tibey and the persons near him were well known there: That Mr. Hall was close to the prisoner: That Mr. Tibey was betwixt him and the prisoner: That there might be 200 people in the room.
Jos. Holmes. On November the 8th. at about 6 at night, I went to Jonathan's Coffee-house; I had not been in above a minute, standing on the right-hand of Mr. Tibey, before he said, A pickpocket! a pickpocket! that man had got his hand into my pocket, (meaning the prisoner) pointing to him.
Q. How near was he to him?
Holmes. About half a yard or a yard from him: He said, Lay hold on him. I laid hold of one arm, and Mr. Hall of the other; in an instant, there was a voice said, He has dropt something. I looked down and saw the papers on the ground; I went to stoop for them, but the crowd bore so hard I could not stoop. Mr. Hall took them up.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am innocent of it:
To his Character.


                  Tho 
                  Parker 
               



            . I have known him about three years, he is a brushmaker. I never knew but his character was that of a very honest man.
Mr. Wilson. He is a very honest man for what ever I heard or knew by him.
Hewit Kiterington. The prisoner is my apprentice, he has till the 24th of next March to serve; he has behaved well, just, and honest; justly and truly he has served me; I do not think him guilty of picking of pockets.


                  Wm 
                  Tibey 
               



            . I never did take an oath before, but if I must, I must. [He is sworn.] The prisoner at the bar did pick my pocket of these notes, I am sure of it; I took hold of him, when his hand was in my pocket; then I said, I do not like this fellow, his hand was in my pocket.
Q. Which pocket were your notes in?
Tibey. They were in my breeches pocket, so was his hand. [He is shewed the notes.] They are the very notes I had in my breeches pocket.
Q. to Hall. Are these the notes you took from off the ground?
Hall. They are, my Lord.
Q. to Tibey. Did you see any papers in the prisoner's hand?
Tibey. No, I did not, it was too great a crowd.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


