





419. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Murphy 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Whittle 
                  




                
            , August 12
. * 
W. Whittle. I am a servant out of place
; on the 12th of August, a little before 12 o'clock at night, as I was in Orange-Court near Leicester-fields


, I took out my watch to see what time of the night it was, a man catch'd it out of my hand and ran away with it.
Q. Do you know that man?
Whittle. I believe the prisoner is the man, but I cannot sware to him, I described the man before taken, to be such as he.
Q. Have you seen your watch since ?
Whittle. I have, I advertis'd it, and a pawnbroker, Mr. Pearson in Castle-street, advertis'd it the same day in the same paper. (Produced in court and deposed to.)
Q. Did you follow the person that took your watch ?
Whittle. It was dark, and he soon got out of sight, I called out, stop thief!


                  John 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I live at Mr. Pearson's a pawnbroker in Castle street; (he looks at the watch:) the prisoner is the person that brought this watch to me, he offered to pledge or sell it, I asked him how he came by; he said he bought it, and that it cost him six pounds, and that it had laid at a house in Russel-street, Covent-garden, some time, for three ou.
Q. When did he bring it you ?
Stevens. On Monday the 13th of August; I said I should be glad to be better satisfied about it, and should stop it till I was, then said he'd bring a person the next day to prove it his property, and went away, he came again the next day, and brought a man with him, but that man said he knew nothing of it; I advertised it on the 15th of August, and the same day it was advertised in the same paper, by the prosecutor; he came to me, and I delivered it to him; after this the prisoner came, and then said he found it in the Hay market, and wanted the reward, be voluntarily went before justice Fielding, who committed him.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Was you sober when you lost your watch ?
Prosecutor. I was a little in liquor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am an honest young fellow, and there are many people where I have worked know it; but none appeared to prove it.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


