





82. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Williams 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one brass kettle, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Smithson 
                  




                
            , Dec. 28
. ++


                  Ann 
                  Smithson 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Smithson 
               



            , we live in Round Court, in the Strand


, he is a broker
. On the 27th of December last I was informed a woman had taken a large pot from the door; I followed the woman into Chandos-street, where she was running along with it, but seeing me come after her dropped it, and one Hawkins took her; I took the pot up, and returned home, having left no body in the shop.


                  Mary 
                  Busbey 
               



            . I saw a woman take a pot away from the prosecutor's door, and run away with it, but cannot say the prisoner is the woman; I did not see her face. I went and told 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smithson 
               



            , she went after her, and the prisoner was brought back.
Burley Hawkins. I was at the prosecutor's shop when the last witness informed them of a woman that had taken a pot away. I went with 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smithson 
               



            , and saw the prisoner drop the pot. I took her, and brought her back to Mr. Smithson's shop; Mrs. Smithson took the pot, which was delivered to the constable, who is not here.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have not been near Round-Court these three months, nor never saw the pot till after I was taken up.
To her character.
Mr. Welch. I keep the Bell in Fleet-street, I have known the prisoner about nine months; I never heard any thing ill of her. She lived with me about six months, and behaved well all that time.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


