





377. (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Hall 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen shirt, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Willett 
                  




                
            , October 3
. +


                  Robert 
                  Willett 
               



            . I lived fellow servant
 with the prisoner at Mr. Gold's, in Bloomsbury-Square


.
Q. In what capacity did you live there?
Willett. I am a coachman
. The prisoner had lived there four years. I know nothing against him. I have trusted him with things in common. I did not know that I had lost any thing till I found this shirt, which is mention'd in the indictment, at a pawnbroker's. ( Producing one.) This is my property.
Q. Where was it taken from ?
Willett. I can't tell that.
Q. By what do you know it to be your's?
Willett. By the mark, a letter R. and a figure of 6 under it; the rest of my shirts are mark'd the same way, only different numbers.


                  Samuel 
                  Spencer 
               



            . On Monday the 3d of October, about six in the evening, the prisoner brought this shirt to me.
Q. Where do you live?
Spencer. I live in Holbourn, and am a pawnbroker. I asked him what he wanted upon it. He said, three shillings, or three shillings and six pence. I look'd at him, and by his dress I thought him to be a hackney coachman. I said, whose property is this - It is my own. - What is your name? - John Hall. I open'd it and saw the letter R. and No. 6 under it. I said, I suspect you did not come honestly by it, I must stop it; where do you live? - I live in the neighbourhood. I said, if you will bring any body to prove you came honestly by it I will lend you the money, or you shall have the shirt again. He went, and said he'd come back again. The next morning he came with a neighbour, who keeps a publick-house. I asked him if he knew the prisoner. He said he did, and that he used his house, but he knew nothing of the shirt. I said, that is not sufficient for me, I will advertise the shirt to-morrow, so you had better tell me whose it is; then he said he wish'd he had been whip'd round Bloomsbury-Square before he had meddled with it. Then I bid him go and fetch somebody that could give an account of it. He did not bring any body. Then I went and took him up and carried him before justice Welch, where he confessed it was the coachman's property, and that he took it out of the stable. The prosecutor came and swore it was his shirt. and described it by that he had on his back.

Prisoner's Defence.
I was a little in liquor and did not know that it was the coachman's shirt. I took it, and never open'd it till I got to the pawnbroker's house. I thought it was my own.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


