





88. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing half a pound of sewing silk value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sage 
                     



                  , in the shop of the said John
            , December 8
. ++


                  John 
                  Turner 
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Sage 
               



            , a haderdasher, in Cheapside


. On Monday the 8th of December, the prisoner came into our shop about twelve or one o'clock, as she usually did about that time, she wanted to buy some sewing silk, or to change some, I had suspected her the day before; she had bespoke a capuchin at our shop and bought the lace to trim it; we sent her backwards that we might have an opportunity of counting the bundles of silk thread, which we did, and there were six of them, I left her to look for what she liked; some of these bundles contained a quarter of a pound, some half a pound, and some three quarters ; they were several kanes tied up together. When I was on the other side the shop, I thought I saw her putting something into her pocket; as she was sambling about with her cloak she chose her silk and paid for it ; I let her go out of the shop and pass three or four doors; after I had told the bundles I fetched her back, and taxed her with taking a bundle, but she denied it very much, and said I was mistaken ; I took her about three or four yards into the shop, I thought I saw her fuoibling under her petticoats, so pufled her a little on one side and found the silk lying on the floor under her; then I called the other people which were in the shop to see it as it lay, there were seven or eight customers, and all at that time; then she was carried backwards, but nothing more found; then she said it was the first fact, and desired to be let go on her knees.
Q. Are you certain the silk did not lie on the floor before you brought her back ?
Turner. I am certain that it fell from her. The file produced in court and deposed to.
Prisoner's Defence.
He is very much mistaken, he must certainly drop it by carrying it between the two compters.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  King 
               



            . I have known the prisoner at the bar fourteen years, and never heard any thing amiss of her before this affair.


                  John 
                  Anderson 
               



            . I have known her about three years, she lived in Little Wild-street over-against me, and bore a good character.


                  John 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I have known her by the name of Emmerson, she lodged with me, I have known her six or seven weeks, but never knew any ill of her.


                  Thomas 
                  Edwards 
               



            . I have known her about ten years, but never heard that she was dishonest.




               Guilty 4 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


