






113, 114. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sherlock 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Fordham 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one tin canister, and one pound weight of green tea, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Hambleton 
               




             , Jan. 5
. ||


                  James 
                  Hambleton 
               



            . On Saturday morning, about half an hour after seven o'clock; I went out and was sent for home; when I came I found Sherlock in my shop; the girl told me he had been in the shop and a canister was missing; I carried him to a constable. As we were going to the round-house, he fell on his knees, and desired we would be merciful and he would tell the truth; he said it was the first fact he had been guilty of; so he took us to the house where he lodged, (I do not know the name of the street) and bid Fordham give us the canister; Fordham drew it out from under a chest of drawers, and gave it us.


                  Jane 
                  Lovesly 
               



            . Sherlock came into my master's shop, I did not see Fordham at all; as Sherlock asked for nothing, I ran after him and called him back, then I went for my master.


                  Stephen 
                  Freeman 
               



            . I am constable of St. Gyles's parish; the prosecutor brought Sherlock to my house, and gave me charge of him; he said he suspected he had stolen a canister of tea; the boy said he knew nothing of it: as we were going to the round-house, said he to me, I can tell you where it is: he took us to a house, and ordered us to stand back till he got into the house, and he would help us to it. It being a bad house I would not part from him, so I went in with him; there was Fordham sitting by the fire; Sherlock ordered Fordham to deliver it to me: then Fordham took it out from under a chest of drawers; when Fordham delivered it, he begged to be forgiven.
Sherlock. I told them Fordham had it, and carried them to the place where he was. I leave myself to your lordship's mercy.
Fordham. I have nothing to say for myself.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


