





222. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Young 
                  



               
            , spinster
; was indicted for 


               stealing one brass kettle, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dawson 
                  




                
            , June 3
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Dawson 
               



            . I live at the Grange-Inn, Carey-street


: my maid had made use of the kettle, and left it out in the yard at the back-door, at twelve at night on the second of June.


                  Mark 
                  Bennet 
               



            . About half an hour past four in the morning on the third of June, I met with the prisoner at the bar in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields; she had this kettle with her. Producing a brass kettle.
Prosecutor. This is my property.
Bennet. I ask'd her where she had that kettle; she first told me it was her landlord's, and she was going to take it home.
Q. What are you?
Bennet. I am a Watchman, and watch in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields: I knowing her to be a disorderly woman stopp'd her.

Q. What do you mean by disorderly?
Bennet. I mean a common woman of the town.
Prisoner. You are a big rogue.
Bennet. At last the prisoner said, she found the kettle at the door where I catched her.
Q. What is the distance from the prosecutor's house, and the place where you found the prisoner?
Bennet. It is but a very little distance; I took her to St. Clement's watch-house; she stood stiff in it, that she found the kettle.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found that kettle in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields as I was going home; I do not know who is the owner of it; when I saw the watchman coming up I stood behind it, and would not let him see it; I intended to carry it to the Round-house, the place whence I came from; I had been taken up on the Saturday night, and kept there all night.
Q. to Bennet. When you saw the prisoner first, was she walking along or standing still?
Bennet. She was standing against a door in Lincoln's-Inn-Fields.
Q. What part of the Fields?
Bennet. It was in Portugal-row, the fourth or fifth door up, about a door or two on this side my Lord Keeper's; that was, she had it in her hand, and her apron not quite over it.
Q. to Prosecutor. What is the value of the kettle?
Prosecutor. It is worth four shillings.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


