





492. (L.) 
               
                  Francis
                   M'Cormick
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 30 s. one stone seal set in gold, val. 10 s. and one silver seal, val. 2 s
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hutton 
                  




                
            , Oct. 10
. ++


                  John 
                  Hutton 
               



            . I am master of a corn vessel
, I live at Sandwich in Kent; on the 10th of October the prisoner came on board my vessel, which lay at Wool Key


, at midnight; I was in bed and had left the skuttle a little open to give me air, I believe he came down that way, for the skuttle was quite lifted off, I happened to awake just at twelve o'clock, and saw the prisoner standing as upright as the monument in my cabin. I was very much startled, the moon shone very bright; I gave myself a little consideration what I had best to do, and now I might best attack him; I thought there might be some danger in coming out to breast him, for fear he should have arms, so I thought if he went to go away I would take hold on him: when the prisoner found I was awake he moved off, and got up two steps of the ladder, and was one foot upon the third, I then walk'd my man that lay in the next cabin, and told him there was a thief; and as the prisoner was just got within one step of being out of the cabbin, my man catch'd hold on him by one leg, and I by the other, and we pull'd him down directly into my man's bed, which is near the ladder. My man then said, master see that he has not got your watch, I was afraid it was gone, but I had no occasion to search his pockets, for when the prisoner sell the watch fell with him ; I then said, Jack, we have no need to search his pockets, for here it lies close by him. We then took him ashore to the watch-house, and he was committed to the Compter for that night.
Prisoner's Defence.
I designed to go on board a Winstable hoy that I came up from Winstable in; I was very much in liquor and mistook the hoy, and went on board of this vessel, when I got into the captain's cabin, I found myself mistaken, and was coming out again when the captain laid hold of me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


