





267. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Wilson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-five pair of mens leather gloves, value 25 s. and 50 pair of other leather gloves, value 40 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Warriner 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hartley 
                        



                      
                  , in the warehouse of the said John and Thomas
            , June 28
.


                  Thomas 
                  Hartley 
               



            . Mr. Warriner and I are partners, and the prisoner work'd for us.
Q. What is your business?
Hartley. We are glovers

. 
               
                  James 
                  Figens 
               



            , one of our servants, came and told me, on the 28th of June last, that he had seen the prisoner take a parcel of gloves out of one of the presses, and convey them into his counter, where he work'd. I order'd Mr. Figens, our foreman, to wait upon a landing place on the stairs, and I went into a passage and look'd through a hole, to watch his carrying them off. I saw him take them out of the counter and put them into his pocket. He went out with them, and down Fish-Street-Hill. I pursued, and took him in Monument-Yard. I took him back to the door, sent for a constable, and took him to the constable's house, where we took from him twenty-five pair of mens leather gloves. ( Produced in court, and deposed to.) He own'd he took them, and acknowledged them to be our goods.
Q. What is the value of them?
Hartley. They cost us 25 s. He was carried before my Lord-mayor, where he confessed he had stole twelve other pair, and sold them to one Dukeshal, in Shoreditch, the Friday before. I got a search warrant, and went to his lodgings in Mint-Street, where I found more gloves of different sorts, one pair of which I can swear to. I went to him since he has been in Newgate, and there he confessed he stole twenty pair from us, and sold them to Dukeshal for 11 d. per pair; and also that he had stole others, and sold them to one Mitchel in Shoreditch
James Figens. I am foreman to Mess. Warriner and Hartley. On the 28th of June last I saw the prisoner take out these gloves ( taking a parcel in his hand) out of a cupboard in the sore warehouse. He carried them into a back warehouse, where he was at work, and wanted to put them into a cupboard there, but by accident it was lock'd. He open'd a counter, which I heard by a remarkable noise that it makes, and as I found afterwards he had put them in there. I sent him to look at the press, with which we press our gloves, to see if it was not out of order; then I look'd and found the gloves there cover'd with a skin. I let them lie, and went and told Mr. Hartley the case; then I shew'd Mr. Hartley a little hole, where he might look through and see the prisoner put the gloves in his pockets, and I went to stand in a place to watch him. I saw him going out at the door. I went to the counter and saw the gloves were gone. I gave the signal, saying he is gone. Mr. Hartley followed and laid hold of him at the corner of the Monument. I was at the searching of him, and saw the twenty five pair of gloves found upon him. We took him before my Lord-mayor, and there he said but little; only he confessed he took them out of the warehouse, and whose property they were. I heard him acknowledge after that, that he stole from my masters one dozen and twenty pair, and sold them to Mr. Mitchel.
Q. Was there any promise made him to induce him to confess?
Figens. No, none at all.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, but call'd the following persons to his character.


                  Leonard 
                  Welstead 
               



            , who had known him about twenty years; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hyde 
               



            , above twenty; 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Sherry 
               



            , above sixteen; 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Brooks 
               



            , ten; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Codsell 
               



            , 28; 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hitchcock 
               



            , fifteen or sixteen; Thomas Cooper, ten; 
               
                  John 
                  Godfrey 
               



            , 22; and 
               
                  George 
                  Hipsley 
               



             24, who all gave him a good character, exclusive of the charge in question.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


