






617, 618. 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Evans 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Potts 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one pound and a quarter of ginger, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Vaughan 
                  




                
            , October 1
.


                  James 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I am a Gangs-man; on the first of October, about ten in the morning, I was landing goods at Wigins's Key.
Q. What sort of goods?
Taylor. Sugars and ginger. I saw the two constables, Emerson and Clark, each take hold of a man, and take ginger from each man's pocket.
Q. Are the prisoners the two men?
Taylor. They were like them, but I will not swear that; I was subpoena'd here to prove the property. There are two sorts of ginger, black and white; it was black which I was landing, and was the property of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Vaughan 
               



            ; the bags, in which the ginger came on shore, were in an indifferent condition, having holes in some of them.


                  James 
                  Emerson 
               



            . I am a constable. I was walking along the stations in the morning the first of October, about eight o'clock; I saw Evans standing pretty near the bags. I came, and the other prisoner came again between nine and ten; I gave my partner notice of them. Evans set himself down on a bag, and was a pilfering out of it. I saw him put some ginger into his pocket; then he got off the bag, and Potts came and did the same; then we took them directly. It is the common way of such, to take about a pound at a time, and go and unload, and come again may be 20 or 30 times in a day. We searched them, and took black ginger from each of them. This bag was whole before; we observed it was cut where the ginger was taken from, and we found a knife in Potts's pocket.
Q. Did you see 
               
                  James 
                  Taylor 
               



             there at this time?
Emerson. I did, my lord, he was landing goods.


                  William 
                  Clark 
               



            . I saw each prisoner sitting on this bag by turns, and filling their pockets with ginger. When they were taken, they begged they might be sent on board a man of war, for they had no other way of living than this.
Evans's Defence. I took the ginger from off the ground.
Potts said the same.

Q. to Clark. Did you see any ginger lying on the ground near the place?
Clark. No, my lord, I did not. I saw them both take ginger out of the bag; I was behind some planks very near them.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


