







61. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Widderington 
                  



               
            , spinster


, was indicted for that 


               she, on the king's highway, on Ann, wife of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Coulter 
                        



                      
                  , did make an assault, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and stealing from her person 6 s. and 6 d. in money number'd
            , the money of the said Richard, January 4
. +


                     Ann 
                     Coulter 
                  



                
            . I live in Little Paulin-Street, Hanover-Square, and sell old cloaths. On Wednesday was se'n-night, at about seven at night, I was at the end of Field-Lane, by the One Tun alehouse, buying a rabbit, after I had been and sold my things.
Q. Where had you sold your things?
A. Coulter. To a Jew in the street; there came the prisoner and a little woman, who was big-belly'd, and stood very near me; they said nothing to me nor I to them. I took out my money, paid six-pence for the rabbit, and put the rest in my pocket again.
Q. How much money had you?
A. Coulter. I had six shillings and six-pence, and some halfpence. Then I went up Holbourn, and they followed me. I crossed the way, near Hatton-Garden end, and went on the left-hand side of the way; they still following me, I asked the prisoner what she followed me for? She said, I don't follow you, I am about my business. I asked her what her business was? She said she was a woman of the town I said, have you no other way to get your bread? She said, no. I said, how long have you been in this way She said, almost twelve months. I recommended to her to get a basket, and attend the market as a basket-woman. She said she had not a halfpenny in the world, and had not broke her fast all day; the other little body being very big with-child, I told her she had better apply to the parish in her circumstances, being seemingly destitute of every thing. The prisoner asked me to give her a draught of beer. I went into a publick-house, call'd for a pint of beer, and gave it to them.
Q. Where was this house?
A. Coulter. It is a pretty way up Holbourn. I took out my money to pay for the beer, when I had four shillings and a half crown besides the halfpence. We all three came out of the house together, after I had paid for the beer. As soon as we were out at the door the prisoner flew at me, and said, you b - h, give me the money, for you have pick'd up a cull, and it is mine.
Q. What company was there in that house when you was there?
A. Couter. We were in the front room, at the fire place, where were several people. She held my hand, got her other hand to my pocket, and took out my money. I held her as well as I could, and never let her go 'till the people came to my assistance. The other went off: I never saw any more of her. I had a great mob about me, and a constable, named Field, came out of a house hard by, and secured her; and when we ask'd her for the money, she said a man without a hat had taken some of the money out of her hand.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
A. Coulter. I never saw her before that night to my knowledge.
Q. Did a man speak to either of you in the street?
A. Coulter. No; no man spake to either of us all the way we came along.
Q. What was the sign at that publick house?
A. Coulter. I don't know.
Prisoner. She paid for the beer, and had her money in her hand; there was a country-man came along with her, and talk'd to her all the way.
A. Coulter. The prisoner never made mention of a man being with us, neither there or at the justice's; it is all false.


                  David 
                  Field 
               



            . I am a beadle of St. Giles's, I was coming along my division that night, and went and spoke with my constable; while I was in at the Castle and Faulcon in Holbourn, betwixt eight and nine o'clock, there being a great noise in the street, I went out, where was the prosecutrix crying, who said she was rob'd. I ask'd who had rob'd her, she said that woman (meaning the prisoner) I said of what, she said of all her money, which was 6 s. and 6 d. I took hold of the prisoner, and had her before justice Welch, Who order'd her to be search'd; she said she had no money, but I found two shillings and a penny wrap'd up in an old dirty cap. I said to the prisoner you told me you had no money, how came you by this; she said that was part of the money she rob'd the other woman of. She had concealed it under her arm pit. The justice order'd her to the Round-house, and next day he order'd her to be brought before him again. He then took down the prosecutrix's affidavit, and sent me to look for her husband; he is a taylor. The prisoner also sign'd her own confession The justice bid me take notice of it, she made a mark I saw also Mr. Welch sign it, who read it over to her two or three times, and told her the consequence of it, and she seemed to understand it well; she agreed to every thing, only this, she said she knock'd the money out of the prosecutrix's hand as she was in the street, and took it up; and a man that was there took part of it from her.
The Confession is read in Court.
The purport of it was: That being charged upon the oath of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Coulter 
               



            , said she saw the said 
               
                  Ann 
                  Coulter 
               



            , near Holbourn Bridge, and admits the account given by the said Coulter to be true; and that she and a big-belly'd woman did follow her to the Six Canns, a publick house in Holbourn; That she desired her to quit that way of life she was in, that she saw her pull out her money, and followed her into the street, and there told her she might give her some of it; that Coulter answer'd, what should I give you my money for, that the said Coulter struck her, and in the scuffle the money flew out of her hand, that she took up four shillings of it, and a man took two shillings of it from her, and the officer took the other two shillings.
Prisoner's Defence.
When she had hit me three or four times, I hit her again, and knock'd the money out of her hand. I pick'd up four shillings, and a man came and took some of it out of my hand; the other two shillings were my own. I have been about seven months from Maidstone in Kent, but was born at Liverpool in Lancashire. My friends are come up from thence, and have liv'd ten years in Old-street-square. I am but seventeen years of age.




               Guilty of single Felony
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


