





417. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Murphy 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               receiving, (knowing to have been stolen) a large quantity of plate
            , stolen by 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Benson 
               



            , and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Wood 
               



            , otherwise Hoad, by breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Anderton 
                  




                
            , Aug 1
. who were tried, cast, and executed for it, at Chelmsford assizes last. ++.
The copy of the record of their conviction was read in court.


                  John 
                  Anderton 
               



            . I was prosecutor of Benson, and Wood, at Chelmsford, they were both cast. My house was broke open the 1st of August, and a quantity of plate taken away. I live at West Ham Abbey, in Essex, Spring-Gardens
. The prisoner is the person that told me where my goods were, some of them were found in her pocket. She knew the goods were stole, for she said they told her before they came out, they were going to rob my house; and when they return'd they held a pistol over her head and swore they'd fire it thro' her if she would not awake and see what a prize they had got; and that she sold and pawn'd the plate for them. I got them again; there was a quart silver tankard and two spoons at a pawnbroker's, and the rest sold to a silversmith; they are here to give evidence.


                  John 
                  Parnell 
               



            . On the 2d of August last, I met Mr. Anderton, he informed me he had been robb'd, and that he had a suspicion of two Sailors who dined at his house the day before, (which prov'd to be Benson and Wood.) He describ'd them to be two pale-fac'd men in blue jackets: I said I had reason to think they were neighbours of mine. There were printed bills given out of the goods lost from Goldsmith's Hall, and at the bottom of the bill was mention'd, Two pair of silver buckles shoe and knee. I had seen a pair of silver buckles in Benson's shoes the day before, which increas'd my suspicion. We agreed to meet on the morrow morning; so I, with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Stanley 
               



            , and 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Harris 
               



            , went to their room, there we found Wood, we observ'd his hand go towards the pillow, we took him from thence, and under the pillow we found a large horse pistol loaded, which was Mr. Anderton's; we found a dark lanthorn on the table, and powder and shot: this woman and Benson were both out in order to hire a house: I found a silver strainer lying on the bed, such as the prosecutor describ'd. Wood wanted to be admitted an evidence against Benson and this woman, and mentioned their being concerned in robberies together in the streets, and at Deptford. As we went in the street with him, he was known to be a person that had return'd from transportation before his time, so we gave no attention to his being an evidence in the year 1749. We went by his direction to Cock-Hill, where we found Benson and the prisoner, they had taken a room, and had bought some household goods, and she was putting them to rights in the house. Benson had got intelligence of us, and he was taken in the streets. We search'd the prisoner's pockets, and found four or five penny-worth of halfpence, a 4 s. 6 d. piece of gold, two tea-spoons, and a strainer, which Mr. Anderton swore to, which we took and her rings, and we took the buckles out of her shoes. When they all three went to gaol, I return'd the money, and gave them 2 s. each; she told me I knew the pawnbroker, one Mrs. Richley, and said she had pawn'd a quart silver tankard, and two large spoons there for five guineas. We went and found them accordingly.
Q. to Mr. Anderton. Were the tankard and spoons your property?
Anderton. They were, my lord.
Parnell. She told us she had sold another quart tankard, 23 tea-spoons, 2 or 3 pepper boxes, a pair of salts, and 3 punch ladles, all silver, to Mrs. Waite, a silversmith in Wapping. We went there and found them accordingly.
Anderton. They were all my property.


                  Ann 
                  Waite 
               



            . On the 1st of August, about seven in the morning, the prisoner brought a small parcel of plate to sell, I bought it of her, and she came with more, in all she came four times that day. I bought of her in the whole, a silver tankard, 2 table spoons, 3 pepper boxes, 3 salts, some tea-spoons, and 3 punch ladles: in the whole she had for them 12 l. and upwards, at 5 s. 6 d. per ounce. She sold them to me, in the name of Edwards. Mr. Anderton came with the other evidence, and I deliver'd them to him.


                  Ann 
                  Richley 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, the prisoner brought to me a quart silver tankard, and 2 large table spoons, and pawn'd them in her name, that is, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Benson 
               



            ; I lent her five guineas upon them. Mr. Anderton came the next day and demanded them, and I deliver'd them to him.
Prisoner's Defence.
My husband brought the goods in, and desir'd I'd go and sell them; accordingly I denied going, but he cock'd a pistol at me, and made me go, 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


