





101. (M.) 
               
                  Ann 
                  Whiteman 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 15 s. in money number'd
            , the money of 
               
                  Peter
                   M' Key
               




            , Jan. 11
 || .
Peter M' Key. I live in the Tower


; on Sunday morning, the 11th of this instant, I went out and left the prisoner at home.
Q. Was she your servant
 ?
M' Key. Yes she was, and I left the money in a drawer; there were 6 half-crowns of it.
Q. When had you seen it last?
M'Key. I had seen it not a quarter of an hour before I went out: I had been putting a clean shirt on.
Q. Did you lock the drawer?
M'Key. I did, and left the key on the drawers.
Q. How long had the prisoner lived with you ?
M'Key. She had lived with me about three weeks. I came home between one and two the same day, and the money and prisoner were missing; the drawers were lock'd, and the keys where I left them.
Q. Where did you meet with the prisoner again?
M'Key. She had been in a work-house near Little-Britain, so I and a friend of mine went there and found her, in Little-Britain, on the Monday morning; when we ask'd her after the money, she owned the fact directly, and said she had taken it.
Q. Did you search her?
M' Key. No, I did not; I ask'd her if she had any of it left? she said, she had not: sometimes she said she had lost it; at other times she said she could not tell what she had done with it. I sent for a constable and took her before the fitting alderman, and she own'd it there, and said she was very sorry for what she had done.


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I went along with the prosecutor into Little-Britain, where we took the prisoner; upon her being charged with taking the money, she own'd in my hearing, she did take it.
Q. Did she mention what quantity?
Taylor. She said there were six half crowns; she begg'd the prosecutor would let her go, and said she would pay it him again: she cou'd give no account what she had done with it. She was taken before the justice and there she own'd the same.
Prisoner's defence.
The prosecutor's wife has known me seventeen years, and never knew me guilty of such a fault before.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


