






142, 143. (L.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Painton 
                     








             was indicted for 


               stealing 300 pounds weight of paper
            , the property of our Sovereign Lord the King, and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Painton 
                  




                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing the same to have been stolen
            , Jan. 18

. ++
Mr Bentham. I belong to the Navy-Office: there were some books belonging to the office missing; we knowing they could be of no service to any except cheesmongers, or chandlers shops, who tear them up for use. We sent people about, and there were some found at a cheesmonger's shop, the person said, he bought them of Mr Nixon another cheesmonger.
Q. Who found them?
Bentham. One Mr Wood; we got a search warrant of the sitting Alderman, and at Mr Nixon's we found a parcel of these books belonging to the Navy-office; he knowing the person of whom he bought them took him up, it was the man at the bar; he was taken before Mr Alderman Cokayne; the woman, wife to the man, was employed to light the fires in the office; she was taken up also; I ask'd her how she carried them out of the office; she own'd she carried them out in her apron, and the man own'd he had them from his wife; the man own'd he had sold some to Messrs. Gill and Wright, Stationers, on London-bridge, where we found a great many. (The books produc'd in court, and depos'd to as his Majesty's property.)


                  Ambrose 
                  Nixon 
               



            . I am a cheesemonger; I bought some of this paper of the man at the bar; I ask'd him how he came by them; he said they were given to an old woman that belong'd to him.
Q. Did you hear him confess any thing?
Nixon. I heard him confess before the Alderman that he had them of his wife; she was there; and she said she took them out of the office.


                  Sarah 
                  Painton 
               



            's defence.
I beg mercy of the court.


                  Thomas 
                  Painton 
               



            's defence.
Consider our ages, upwards of seventy; I hope the court will shew us mercy.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


