





533. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Langenfilder 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver tankard , val. 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Gallant 
                  




                
            , Oct. 17
. *


                  Henry 
                  Gallant 
               



            . I live at the Eagle and Child, St. Martin le Grand; it is in the liberty of Westminster


. I missed a silver tankard last Tuesday was se'nnight, about twelve at night. I advertised it, and found it the Saturday following upon the prisoner at the bar, cut to pieces. I saw the constable take it out of his pocket.
Q. What part of your house did you miss it from?
Gallant. It was lost from out of a club room up one pair of stairs.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Gallant. He had used my house before, and behaved well; I never mistrusted him. He was there the night I missed it. When he was taken before Justice Fielding he confessed that it was my tankard ; it is cut in so small pieces I can't swear to it. Produced in court, cut in pieces almost as small as barley corns.


                  Robert 
                  Jones 
               



            . The prisoner came to my shop on the nineteenth instant, and offered me these pieces of silver to sell. He produces a small parcel. I had seen him before, but did not know his name. I knew he was a taylor; I asked him his name, he said it was John Brindal, and that he was a periwigmaker. Then I stopped it, and he said he'd go and fetch the man he had it to sell for, but did not return. I advertised it and described the man; he was taken; that taken out of his pocket, and this which I stopped weighed much about the weight of the tankard, according to the prosecutor's account of the weight. I have sold him goods, but never heard any ill of him before this.
Prisoner's defence.
The man where I had the silver is run away.
To his character.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Pudwin 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about three years, and always found him an honest man.


                  Francis 
                  Rose 
               



            . I have known him three years, he is a very honest man. I trusted him with every thing I had almost without it was my money.


                  William 
                  Eames 
               



            . I have known him about two years; he has a very good character.


                  John 
                  Crestockmeller 
               



            . I have known him three years. He is a very honest man.


                  Christian 
                  Powel 
               



            . I have known him a year and a half; he had a very good character, and I was sorry to hear this of him.


                  Francis 
                  Poncartney 
               



            . I have known him twelve months. He was always honest and sober.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Whitcome 
               



            . I have known him about a year and half, he has used my house. He always behaved extremely civil and honest.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


