





313. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilkinson 
                  



               
            , clerk
, was indicted for that he 


               after the 25th of March, 1754. to wit, on the 25th of November, in the 28th year of his present majesty
, at the Savoy


 did unlawfully, knowingly, wilfully, and feloniously solemnize matrimony between 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Drawater 
                        



                      
                  , then a batchelor, and 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Johnson 
                        



                      
                  , then a single woman, without first publication of banns of marriage in that behalf, or without any licence first had or obtained of a person having authority to grant the same, in contempt of our lord the king, and against the statute in that case made and provided.
            



                  Thomas 
                  Shields 
               



            . I have known 
               
                  George 
                  Drawater 
               



             and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Johnson 
               



             some years.
Q. Where do they live ?
Shields. They live near the Old Barge House, Christ Church, Surrey.
Q. Do you remember their being married?
Shields. I do. It was in the precinct of the Savoy, I was there.
Q. How do you know they were married there ?
Shields. Because the young man, who was a fellow servant of mine, came to me in the morning, said they were going to be married, and ask'd me to give the young woman away.
Q. Did you give her away ?
Shields. I stood father, and saw the ceremony performed as in the church of England.
Q. What day was it?
Shields. It was in the morning about 9 o'clock, on the 25th of November, 1754.
Q. Was any body else by at the time?
Shields. There was one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Weeks 
               



            , who went with us.
Q. Was there any agreement with the minister previous to the marriage ?
Shields. I went to Mr. Wilkinson who now stands at the bar, to agree for them to be married.
Q. What agreement did you and he make?
Shields. We agreed for a guinea; Mr. Wilkinson said he generally had a guinea and a half: I said they were poor people's children, and could not afford any more than a guinea; and for that it was done.
Q. And were they married?
Shields. They were really married, to my thinking as lawfully as ever I was.
Q. Before they were married, what did he say to the young people?
Shields. He asked them where they lived; they told him at the Old-Bargehouse in Surrey.

Q. Did he ask them their ages?
Shields. He did.
Q. What answer was made to that ?
Shields. The young man was of age, and the young woman not.
Q. Were either of their parents there?
Shields. No, they were not.
Q. Who married them?
Shields. They were instantly married by Mr. Wilkinson.
Q. from prisoner. Did you see a licence?
Shields. I did not see it sign'd, but I saw what they call'd a licence fill'd up after the marriage.
Cross examination.
Q. Were they neighbours children?
Shields. They were, but I live at Somerset-house.
Q. Do you know whether they had the consent of their parents?
Shields. I know they had; I have often been in company with her father, and have heard him give his consent.
Q. When they went to be married, whether the reverend gentleman asked her age?
Shields. He did.
Q. Upon her telling him her age, whether he did not say he could not marry her without the consent of her parents?
Shields. He did so.
Q. Upon that did you and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Weeks 
               



             declare you knew the parents were consenting?
Shields. Yes, Sir.
Council for the crown. Was there any affidavit taken about that?
Shields. No, Sir.
Prisoner. Here is the licence (producing a writing on parchment.)
Council for the prisoner. (He takes it in his hand) Here is wrote upon is a memorandum, that shews there was that consent signified; did you look upon it to be a lawful marriage, when you went about it?
Shields. Indeed I did
Council for the prisoner. Did you think Mr. Wilkinson had a right to marry by licence?
Shields. Yes, I did.
Council for the crown. So much the greater crime in the man that deceived them.
Council for the prisoner. Did you imagine this to be a place to marry lawfully at?
Shields. I did.
Council for the prisoner. Was it done privately?
Shields. No, it was not.
Council for the crown. Before the late act of parliament  did you ever know any thing of a marriage there by Mr. Wilkinson without a licence?
Shields. No.
Council for the prisoner. Did he not seem to act with the greatest caution?
Shields. He did.
Council for the prisoner. Do you think he married them with that caution, and his behaviour was so decent, that he would not have committed such an act if he had thought it illegal.
Shields. Indeed I don't think he would have married them, if he had thought it illegal.
Council for the crown. Before the marriage, what writing did you see sign'd?
Shields. There was a writing with Mr. Wilkinson's name on it fill'd up after the marriage.
Council for the crown. By whom was it filled up?
Shields. By Mr. Philips the clerk.


                  Mary 
                  Weeks 
               



            . I know 
               
                  George 
                  Drawater 
               



             and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Johnson 
               



            .
Q. Where do they live ?
M. Weeks. In the parish of Christ Church, Surrey.
Q. Was you at their marriage?
M. Weeks. I was, it was in the Savoy Chapel.
Q. Do you remember what day it was ?
M. Weeks. To the best of my remembrance it was on the 25th of November was twelve months, but cannot be positive.
Q. Who were they married by?
M. Weeks. I think it was by the gentleman at the bar.
Q. Who else was along with you?
M. Weeks. Mr. Shields was, he went to Mr. Wilkinson first, and acquainted him with the marriage of the couple.
Q. How do you know that?
M. Weeks. When he came back he said he had agreed with him for the marriage for a guinea, as he was a neighbour, and we all went to the chapel, where they were married.
Q. Did Mr. Wilkinson ask them any questions?
M. Weeks. He did, he asked 
               
                  Mary 
                  Johnson 
               



             what age she was, she said nineteen; he asked 
               
                  George 
                  Drawater 
               



            , he said between four and five and twenty. He asked if it was by the consent of parents, to which he answered yes, with the content of her father and mother both; he asked where they lived, He said in Christ-Church Parish, Surrey. I can't say I remember all particulars that passed. They were married directly.
Q. Have you ever been at other weddings?
M. Weeks. I have.
Q. Was this ceremony the same?
M. Weeks. It was.
Q. Who were they married by?
M. Weeks. Dr. Wilkinson they called his name.
Q. Are you sure this is the same person?
M. Weeks. I believe this is the same.

Q. Had they a licence?
M. Weeks. They had, by Mr. Wilkinson. There was something wrote in it, but I can't remember what I went along with them the Sunday before to Mr. Shields's house, to enquire whether such was a lawful marriage; he said, he had heard say it was as lawful a marriage as any in England; and Mr. Shields mentioning it to Mr. Wilkinson that they were afraid the marriage was not lawful, the Doctor said it was as lawful as any marriage in England.
Cross examination.
Q. Did he endeavour to conceal his marrying of them?
M. Weeks. He made no dispute of people's comeing in.
Council for the crown. There was a thing produced, whether there was any thing wrote on it before or after the marriage?
M. Weeks. That I don't know.
Council for the crown. We shall now read some papers sent by the prisoner at the bar, which will not only shew he was not ignorant of what he was to be tried for, but the methods he made use of to prevent his coming to trial.
' The King against 
               
                  John 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            .
' To 
               
                  John 
                  Sharp 
               



            , Esq; solicitor for the treasury.
' SIR,
' Please to take notice that I will appear next ' general sessions of gaol delivery of Newgate, to ' be holden for the county of Middlesex, at Justice ' Hall in the Old Bailey, on Wednesday the 10th ' day of September next, to take my trial upon ' the three several indictments found against me in ' May sessions last, for felony, and now depending ' before that court. Dated the 13th of August.
' I am, Sir, your humble servant. ' 
               
                  John 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            .'
The countermand read, directed to John Sharp, Esq;
' The defendant. 
               
                  John 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            , finding it ' impossible to take his trial at the next ensuing ' sessions at the, Old-Bailey according to his notice ' of the 13th of August last, as he sincerely intended, ' from real accidents, the truth of which I ' know and which were not in his power, to prevent, ' oblige me to give you the earliest notice of ' it; and accordingly, Sir, I give you notice, that ' he cannot surrender himself at the ensuing sessions, ' but will surrender himself at the sessions of gaol ' delivery of Newgate, to be holden for the county ' of Middlesex, at Justice Hall in the Old-Bailey, ' on Wednesday the 22d day of October next, and ' take his trial upon the three several indictments ' there depending against him for felony.
' I am, Sir, your most obedient humble servant, ' E. P. Delaporte.'


                  William 
                  Carter 
               



            . I was tipstaff to my late lord chief justice. I had a warrant against the prisoner at the bar, dated the 17th of May, in the 28th year of the reign, &c.
Q. Upon what occasion was that warrant taken out against him?
Carter. Because there were indictments found against him.
Council for the prisoner. We admit that he did absent himself, and of all the endeavours to apprehend him.


                  Thomas 
                  Latter 
               



            . I live in the Savoy.
Q. When did you see the prisoner there last?
Latter. I have not seen him there since March 1755, to my knowledge.
Q. Are you constantly there at the chapel?
Latter. I am very constantly there.
Q. Were marriages carried on there then?
Latter. Yes, and other people officiated for him.
Q. Do you remember a letter you received from him about shutting up the chapel?
Latter. I do (be produced it.)
Q. Do you know the hand writing?
Latter. I believe it is Mr. Wilkinson's.
Q. Have you seen him write?
Latter. I have.
It is read to this purport.
Directed to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Latter 
               



            , Turk's-Head in the Strand.
' As for your sending for the register I impute it ' to your ignorance, but should you dare to padlock ' the chapel doors, or make any disturbance, ' you may expect a vigorous prosecution. As for ' your adviser, or indeed your director, I well ' know, therefore despite them.
Your's. ' 
               
                  John 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            .'
Q. from prisoner. I want to know by whose authority you sent to demand the register of me.
Latter. In the year 1755 Mr. Wilkinson ordered a new register book; as it was not paid for, the person that sold it came to me, I being chapel warden. I told him I was not certain whether I had a right to pay for it, as it was in the Doctor's hands, but said I would enquire about it. I called a vestry to have the consent of the inhabitants, and the people ordered the vestry clerk to write, to know if Mr. Wilkinson would deliver up this register or not. If he did I was to pay for it, and it not he was to pay for it himself. I was told he would not give up any book belonging to the chapel. This was on the 10th of October, and on the 15th I received this note from the doctor's hand.
Q. from prisoner. By whose authority did you act?
Latter. By Mr. Gibson's insisting upon my paying for the book, so I sent for it.
Council for the crown. Before the late act of parliament who used to keep the register?
Latter. I really can't tell. The old register used to be in the old clerk's hands, but after he died the chapel warden used to keep them.
Q. Till what time?
Latter. I believe till about four years ago, but I am not positive.
Q. from prisoner. Did you ever know one chapel warden to make an entry of one marriage, burying, or christening, or whether it is not customary for the minister to keep the register?
Latter. I should think the officers should have it in their power, as well as the minister, to keep the register.
Council for the crown. We will rest it here for the present.
For the prisoner.


                  William 
                  Forrest 
               



            . I live in the Strand.
Q. How long have you lived there?
Forrest. Twenty six years.
Q. Do you live within the Savoy precinct?
Forrest. I do.
Q. What are you?
Forrest. I am a linen draper.
Q. What has been the constant repute of the Savoy Precinct, whether it is a peculiar jurisdiction, or under the power of the bishop of London?
Forrest. I never thought it was subject to any jurisdiction.
Q. Have you served any office in the Precinct?
Forrest. I have served all offices. I have been overseer twice, chapel-warden once, and never found they were accountable to any but amongst themselves.
Q. Did you ever look upon the chapel or precinct to be subject to the diocesan visitation?
Forrest. No, I never did.
Q. Was any of you ever called upon to attend upon that jurisdiction?
Forrest. No, never.
Q. How have marriages been celebrated there since your time?
Forrest. They have been from time to time by the minister reputed to be so.
Q. What was the repute of granting licences, whether they were granted by the minister of the place, or by licences granted by the bishop?
Forrest. I am not a judge of that, because I never saw either.
Q. All the time you knew it, was it call'd a peculiar and exempt jurisdiction ?
Forrest. Always.
Cross examination.
Q. Was you examined on the trial of Grierson ?
Forrest. I was.
Q. Did you ever hear of any probates of wills being granted there?
Forrest. No.
Q. Did you ever hear of administrations granted there?
Forrest. No.
Q. Did you ever know of any minister before the late act of parliament grant any licences to marry?
Forrest. I never saw one marriage solemnized there.
Q. Where are your wills proved?
Forrest. I believe in the commons.
Council. And administrations too?
Forrest. Yes, I believe so.
Q. Is this a parish?
Forrest. No, it is a precinct, and a royal chapel, as I understand.
Q. Did you ever hear of any officer of the chapel, that had a seal of office?
Forrest. I have heard so, but never saw him. I have heard of the duteny seal of Lancaster.
Council for the prisoner. How long have you known Mr. Wilkinson ?
Forrest. I have known him twenty-six years.
Q. What has been his behaviour and character, as a clergyman of the church, during that time?
Forrest. I never saw any thing censureable in his character, I never heard any thing material.
Council for the prisoner. Whether his conduct has not been such a became a Christian, a minister and pastor of his stock there?
Forrest. I believe it has.
Council for the prisoner. You say you never knew of any seal, but did you or did you not hear of a seal that was formerly kept by an officer for the probates of wills?
Forrest. I have.


                  George 
                  Dorman 
               



            . I live in Cecil-Street, which is in the precinct of the Savoy.
Q. How long have you lived there?
Dorman. About twenty years.
Q. What has been the repute of that place as to its jurisdiction ?
Dorman. I always understood it was a peculiar, exempt jurisdiction; I never understood the bishop of London had any jurisdiction there.
Q. Was that the repute of the place when you came there?
Dorman. It was.
Q. Did you understand that the minister had a right to marry there?
Dorman. I did.
Q. Was that always exercised there?
Dorman. It was.
Q. What was the former constitution of the place; whether there was any other officer, as to probates of wills, and the like?
Dorman. No, not as I know of.
Q. Do you know of any marriage there before the late act of parliament?
Dorman. I know of one about twenty-six years ago.
Q. Who granted the licence?
Dorman. The licence was from the bishop of London.
Q. Did you imagine the bishop of London had any right there at all?
Dorman. No.
Q. Was that the common repute of the neighbours when you came there first?
Dorman. It was.
Q. All the time you have been there, do you know the clergyman was ever brought into the ecclesiastical court?
Dorman. No.
Q. Who was there first, Mr. Wilkinson or you?
Dorman. He was there before I came.
Q. Do you apprehend him to be a man of understanding?
Norman. I do.
Q. During the time you lived there, and before the new act of parliament, was it the general repute of the place that it was exempt from ecclesiastical jurisdiction?
Dorman. Yes.
Council for the crown. Did you ever know any wills proved there?
Dorman. No.
Council for the crown. Where are the wills proved?
Dorman. They are proved at the Commons.
Council for the crown. Did you ever know any administration granted there?
Dorman. No.
Council for the crown. You say that the marriage you saw performed there so long ago was by licence?
Dorman. It was; I was concern'd in it.
Council for the crown. In whose time was it?
Dorman. In Mr. Wilkinson's time.
Council for the crown. Who perform'd the ceremony?
Dorman. I believe it was himself.
Council for the crown. Is this place a parish?
Dorman. No, it is not.
Council for the crown. What is it?
Dorman. It is a royal-chapel, and a precinct.
Council for the crown. Have you any church rate?
Dorman. We have none; we have a poor's rate, we maintain our own poor.
Council for the prisoner. Did you ever know any wills proved there?
Dorman. I never proved a will in my life.
Council for the prisoner. Where are your wills proved?
Dorman. I believe in the bishop of Canterbury's court.
Council for the prisoner. What reason have you to believe it?
Dorman. I have always heard so.


                  Thomas 
                  Chease 
               



            . I have lived twelve years in the precinct of the Savoy, under Exeter'Change, and have lived near there twenty-seven years.
Q. What has been your opinion of that place as to its common repute, whether it was look'd upon as a peculiar jurisdiction, exempt from the diocese of London?
Chease. It was look'd upon to be a distinct place of itself. I remember the king's letter being ordered to be read in the chapel (I believe about ten years ago) and a collection to be made there, and also from house to house; I was in office then, and we paid it into the chamber of London: when the king's bounty was distributed, there was nothing allow'd to the Savoy, therefore I desired Dr. Wilkinson would be so good as to write to the bishop of London, which he did, and the bishop sent a letter, specifying that it was out of his jurisdiction, and he could do nothing in it.
Council for the crown. Was there at that time a collection in all parishes?
Chease. There was in all parishes, and it was to be distributed to every parish; we paid in our collection, and expected the same as another place.
Council for prisoner. Then it was your opinion by common repute before?
Chease. It was, but I was more so confirm'd by the bishop's letter.
Council for the prisoner. How long have you known Dr. Wilkinson ?
Chease. I have known him twenty-seven or twenty-eight years.
Council for the prisoner. What is your opinion of him, has he behaved as a minister of the church of England?
Chease. I never knew him behave otherwise; he always continued doing his duty, and is as capable of it as any man at all.
Q. What is his general character?
Chease. I never heard any ill of him.
Council for the crown. Did you ever know any probates of wills there?
Chease. No.
Council for the crown. Nor administrations?
Chease. No.
Council for the crown. Before the late act of parliament, did you ever hear of a marriage there by licence?
Chease. I can't say I ever saw a marriage there before or since.
Council for the crown. Are you the man that made the affidavit concerning Mr. Wilkinson?
Chease. I am, but not with regard to his behaviour.
Council for the crown. What! not that he was a drunken man?
Chease. No, it was quite a different thing.
Council for the crown. Was it nothing about the bell?
Chease. There was a change of one bell for another.
Council for the crown. Did not you complain about his taking the bell from the chappel?
Chease. I did not complain of him in that affidavit.


                  Richard 
                  Philips 
               



            . [He had a parchment put into his hand.]
Q. What is that?
Philips. This is the licence by which 
               
                  George 
                  Drawater 
               



             and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Johnson 
               



             were married.
Q. Was it wrote before they were married?
Philips. It was, and read to them; and they consented to it: and it was required of them that they should make affidavit.
Q. Affidavit to what?
Philips. With regard to their parents.
Q. Look at the memorandem on the back of it.
Philips. (He looks at it.) This was wrote at the same time.
Q. Who was it wrote by?
Philips. It was wrote by me.
Q. What is the purport of the memorandum?
Philips. It is purporting the consent of the parents.
Q. When was that wrote?
Philips. About an hour after the marriage.
Q. Was you present at the marriage ?
Philips. I was.
Q. Did you observe any caution used by Mr. Wilkinson to know whether they had the consent of the parents, she being under age?
Philips. Mr. Shields and a woman were present, and they declared the parents consented, upon Mr. Wilkinson's asking that question.
Q. What are you?
Philips. I am the chapel clerk.
Q. How long have you been clerk?
Philips. About six years.
Q. Where did you live before you came there?
Philips. I lived in several places before I came there. I had lived in Surry Street about seven years before I went to be clerk.
Q. Have you heard any account of what was the nature of the Savoy Precinct?
Philips. I always heard it was a royal jurisdiction, exempt from the bishop of London, before I went there; and when I went there I became better acquainted with it.
Q. Do you know of any licences granted before the late act of parliament?
Philips. I do, of a great many.
Q. Had you an opportunity of inspecting the old register?
Philips. I had.
Q. Before the time you came there, did there or did there not appear to be several marriages, and the licences granted by Mr. Wilkinson.
Philips. Yes.
Q. How came you to think he had a power to do it?
Philips. Because they were done in a publick manner.
Q. Did the couple's friends use to come along with them?
Philips. Sometimes they did.
Q. Did you ever hear Mr. Wilkinson was threatened by she diocesan court or commons for granting licences.
Philips. Never.

Q. Do you believe that any of the surrogates were acquainted with this act of notoriety of marrying with licences?
Philips. I never heard they were.
Cross examination.
Council for the Crown. As you observed this licence was wrote before the marriage, were they always wrote before the marriage?
Philips. Always.
Q. What was the manner of those licences that were given when marriages were performed by somebody else?
Philips. They were left with me, or the minise; they were always wrote and sign'd by him before the marriage was solemnized.
Q. What those whom other ministers married, was not there a blank left for the names?
Philips. Yes there was.
Q. Then after the marriage did or did you not fill up the blank?
Philips. Yes, always before the marriage.
Q. Were they always filled up before the marriage when celebrated by other people?
Philips. They were always filled up before the marriage.
Q. Were not they filled up in the vestry afterward?
Philips. How could that be?
Q. Did not you prove that on which Grierson was convicted was filled up an hour afterwards in the vestry?
Philips. No.
Q. Upon the oath you have taken, was this blank filled up before the ceremony or after?
Philips. Before, I remember this very thing very well.
Q. Are you sure?
Philips. I am positive.
Q. Who read it over to them?
Philips. I did.
Q. As you are clerk, have you attended those marriages which were solemnized by Mr. Grierson the little time he was there?
Philips. I did, all of them.
Q. How many marriages were solemnized at the Savoy, between the passing of the late act of parliament, and the indictments against the prisoner being found?
Philips. About 1400. There were a great many married for nothing.
Q. How many of them might be inhabitants within the precinct of the Savoy?
Philips. I can't tell, a great many qualified themselves by living there.
Q. How many of them were out of the precinct?
Philips. I concluded that about 900 of them came from out of the country big with child.
Q. Is the precinct of the Savoy a large place?
Philips. No, it is not a large place.
Q. How many families are there in it?
Philips. I cannot tell.
Q. Are there more than forty?
Philips. There may be forty or fifty.
Q. Did you ever know a probate of a will granted there in your time?
Philips. No, never.
Council. Nor a letter of administration?
Philips. No.
Q. Have you known any marriage in your time by licence from the bishop of London, or some prerogative?
Philips. There have been some few.
Q. Can you pitch upon a particular fact of one licence, before the making of the late act of parliament, granted by him?
Philips. There are a couple.
Q. Have you them here?
Philips. I have not them about me. I believe there are two here, but I do not know who has them.
Q. Where is your register book?
Philips. It is here.
Q. Were these by licence from the bishop of London?
Philips. Yes, and Mr. Wilkinson married them.


                  Mary 
                  Williams 
               



            . I was born in the year 1700, in March. I am daughter to Mr. Synge, minister of the Savoy.
Q. Did you ever see him marry any people by his own licence?
M. Williams. I have seen numbers married by him by his own licence.
Q. What was the constant repute he had for having power of granting licences himself?
M. Williams. I can't tell what to say to that, he married most by his own licences. People have come with licences from the commons, and he has not refused to marry them.
Q. Are you sure he married with his own licences?
M. Williams. I have seen him marry numbers with them.

Q. Were they stamped ?
M. Williams. They were.
Q. Were they on paper or parchment?
M. Williams. They were parchment, and I have seen my father write on them and fill them up.
Q. Did he use to do this in an open manner ?
M. Williams. He did.
Q. Did you ever hear he met with any animadversion from the bishop or surrogates ?
M. Williams. No, I never did indeed.
Q. Can you upon your oath say your father married many people at different times by licences granted by himself?
M. Williams. Upon my oath he did.
Q. How many years may that be ago?
M. Williams. He has been dead about thirty years, Mr. Wilkinson buried him; he was reader to one Mr. Parry, who committing a great many misdemeanors was taken out of the Savoy, and my father succeeded him.
Cross examination.
Q. Was your father minister of the Savoy immediately before Mr. Wilkinson?
M. Williams. He was, and was minister sixteen years.
Q. Do you mean he was minister appointed by the treasury?
M. Williams. No, I do not.
Council for the crown. You are certainly mistaken; Dr. Pratt was first, Dr. Parry succeeded him, and Dr. Wilkinson succeeded Parry.
M. Williams. My father call'd himself the minister; he acted in Dr. Parry's time. As he died in low circumstances my mother went to have her paper sign'd for her pension, and Parry said her husband was not the minister.
Q. Who succeeded Dr. Parry?
M. Williams. Dr. Wilkinson.
The licence was then read to this purport:
'' Whereas 
               
                  George 
                  Drawater 
               



            , twenty four years '' of age, of St. Mary Lambeth, then a batchelor, '' and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Johnson 
               



            , aged nineteen, of Christ-Church, '' spinster, are very desirous to enter into '' the holy state of matrimony without publication '' of banns, and have solemnly declared there is no '' just cause or lawful impediment whatsoever, that '' they are respectively of the ages before mention'd, '' and not under the care of the court of chancery, '' I do therefore consent that the said marriage be '' solemnised in the royal chapel of St. John Baptist, '' in the Savoy. November 25, 1754. '' Witness, 
               
                  John 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            , ordinary and minister.''
Council for the prisoner. Now we'll shew you two other licences, if the court please to read them.
Q. to Philips. Were these executed at the time of the marriage, and the time they bare date?
Philips. They were; but I was not present at the time of the first, that was before my time, one of them I can prove.
It is read to this purport:
'' Whereas 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Stretham 
               



            , aged twenty-five '' years, of the parish of St. George, Middlesex, and '' Ann Simpson, twenty-five ditto, of St. Paul Shadwell, '' spinster, are very desirous to enter into the '' holy state of matrimony, &c. &c. May 2, 1752. '' Witness, 
               
                  John 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            , ordinary and minister.''
Council for the prisoner. Now we shall trouble your lordship with the letter patent of Philip and Mary. [A true copy of it was produced, and read in Latin.
Council for the crown. There is not a word of jurisdiction in it.
To his character.
Capt. 
               
                  James 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am captain in the third regiment of guards, and have known Mr. Wilkinson about sixteen years. His general character is that of a gentleman, and an excellent preacher in his profession. I have known, when there has been any soldier who has not been able to pay for burying or christening their children, that he has chearfully done it, and attended them in their and their wives sickness.
Q. Has he a salary for that?
Jones. No.
Q. from prisoner. Did you ever hear I was a disaffected person?
Jones. No, never.
Capt. Haywood. I have known him between eleven and twelve years, he is my next door neighbour.
Q. What has been his conduct and behaviour, in regard to his function as minister of the Savoy, and all other respects, during the time you have known him?
Haywood. He always behaved in a good manner. I loved to go to hear him. He behaved very well to me; as to other affairs I have nothing to say to them, I never had any dispute with him.
Q. Has he a good or a bad character?
Haywood. I never heard any body say amiss of him.


                  Richard 
                  Townsend 
               



            . I have known him fourteen or fifteen years, and I never heard any thing amiss of him; he always behaved well in the church, and did his duty as well as any gentleman of the function.


                  James 
                  Bailey 
               



            . I have known him 7 years and better, I live in the Savoy; he is a very good pastor and a very good Christian.


                  Daniel 
                  Nicholson 
               



            . I have liv'd in the Savoy about ten years, and know Dr. Wilkinson very well; he has an extream good character as to his church and religion.


                  William 
                  Kitchener 
               



            . I have lived in Beaufort Buildings in the Strand between ten and eleven years. I have known him that time, and he is a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Merideth 
               



            . I have lived in the Savoy about two years and half, and knew the doctor before I came there. I have done business for him, and he has paid me very honestly; he is as a good churchman as ever I heard in my life.
Mr. Wilson. I have lived in the Savoy thirty-four or thirty-five years, and have known Dr. Wilkinson ever since he has been there.
Q. What is his character?
Wilson. I can't say I know any thing material of his character, as to myself.
Q. What is his general character as a clergyman of the church of England?
Wilson. I can't say it has been extraordinary.
Q. What is his character, a good or a bad one?
Wilson. I believe but an indifferent one.


                  John 
                  Day 
               



            . I have known him sixteen years, and never knew any thing ill of him; he is a very good preacher.


                  James 
                  Peate 
               



            . I have known him about eleven years, he is a very good Christian, a very good man in the church, and I never heard a bad character of him.


                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I have known him twenty years; as a clergyman, I don't know a better; all his dealings with me have been just and upright.
Mr. Delaporte. Mr. Wilkinson told me, that Mr. Brooks, his former attorney, had used him very ill. I have received three-score guineas in order to defend him; upon which an action was brought against Mr. Brooks. There was a motion made in the court of commons pleas, which application took up two terms; there was a rule made, and my lord chief justice order'd Mr. Brooks to return forty guineas and pay the cost, upon seeing the extravagancy of the bill. Mr. Wilkinson always declared himself ready to surrender, as soon as ever he got his papers out of Mr. Brooks's hands. (He takes a paper in his hand.) I received this order the 24th of February, and made enquiry about the out-lawry. This is the substance of what I took from the sheriff's books for the county of Middlesex. I found the out-lawry would not be compleated till September, so I advised him not to surrender till then.
Q. Could he have been prepared with his defence before now?
Delaporte. Yes, I believe he could last sessions; that he did not surrender, was by my advice. Mr. Sergeant 
               
                  Davy
               


             having been retained for him, and not being able to attend this court, was the reason he did not take his trial then.
Cross examination.
Q. How long have you been concern'd for him?
Delaporte. But a little before I gave notice to Mr. Sharp, which was in August 1755.
Q. What papers have this day been used that were in the hands of Mr. Brooks ?
Delaporte. Not one. I thought there were some material ones.
Prisoner. A brief could not have been formed, had I not been served with every paper which I can now produce. My whole brief is an extract from papers. When I came from abroad I expected my brief was prepared, and was for giving notice of trial. I did not see my attorney for six weeks after, and he secreted my papers. I was told by gentlemen that I should not have a brief prepared in twelve months, so I went to this gentleman. Synge was minister of the Savoy, but Dr. Pratt was not. Where the new church stands now, there it was the inhabitants met. Dr. Pratt was lecturer, and preached always in the afternoon, and the lords of the treasury never once appointed him minister. I have now eight years in arrear, and am 500 l. out of pocket. The Lutheran minister (I speak feelingly) shall receive 40 l. a year, the quakers meeting shall be chearfully repaired, but the church of England chapel is scarce fit for a stable. I know, my lord, what is the foundation, and the bitterness of this prosecution; why - because I know too much of the tricks of some people. I know how this arises; there are estates appropriated for this use, but they are sunk, and become the subjects of rapine and plunder. I married this way occasionally for 28 years, that woman's father was minister, and I lived in the house with him. As to 1400 couple, I don't know how the clerk came to make that blunder. I have not married 1400 in thirty, years. This woman was confounded, and she could not distinguish minister from lecturer. I acquainted. Mr. Sharp, that if he would pay me the 1300 l. due to me, I would quit the place. This prosecution has been carried on with the utmost unrelenting malice. I acquainted the archbishop of Canterbury I was willing to give up all, on having my arrears paid. Murder has been bail'd, treason has been bail'd, but I could not be bail'd.
Council for the crown. You never surrender'd
Prisoner. I knew the consequence of that too well.
Council for the crown. They have brought it down only to the year 1724, of a marriage by a licence from the bishop of London. I directed search to be made in the offices for granting licences, and there are a vast number of licences for marriages in the Savoy by the bishop of London and the bishop of Canterbury. I shall only read one or two of them.


                  John 
                  Herring 
               



            . [He produced a book.]
Q. What book is that?
Herring. It is the original book of allegations for licences in the bishop of London's office.
Q. Read folio 198.
Herring. February 23, 1722, on which day personally appeared 
               
                  William 
                  Nichols 
               



            , of Deptford in Kent, aged 23 years, he intending to marry with 
               
                  Esther 
                  Darbin 
               



            , widow, and prays licence to solemnize the said marriage in the parish church of the Savoy.
Another read, dated April 8, 1722, which prays licence to solemnize the marriage in St. Mary le Savoy.
Another read, dated November 15. 1723, which prays licence to solemnize marriage at St. Mary's in the Savoy.
Another read, dated January 24, 1729, which prays licence for solemnizing marriage in the parish church of St. Swithin, London, or St. Mary in the Savoy.
Another read, dated March 11, 1729-30, which prays licence to solemnize marriage in the church of St. John Baptist, in the Savoy, Middlesex.
Another read, dated July 30, 1750, which prays licence to solemnize marriage at St. Dunstan's, Stepney, or St. Mary in the Savoy, in the county of Middlesex.
Another read, dated July 9. 1750, which prays marriage to be solemnized in the chapel in the Savoy, in the county of Middlesex.


                  Philip 
                  More 
               



            . (Produced a back.) This is a volume of allegations for licences, that I brought from the vicar general's office belonging to the arch-bishop of Canterbury.
One is read, dated March 27, 1655, where marriage is pray'd to be solemnized at St. Mary's le Savoy.
Council for the prisoner. What are these books ?
Herring. They are books of allegations in order to obtain licence, to marry.
Council for the prisoner. Are there licences always granted in consequence of these allegations ?
Herring. No doubt of that, every day they are granted in consequence of such; we could have produced fifty more.
Council for the prisoner. Do you know the couples were all married in consequence thereof ?
Herring. I don't know that.
Council for the prisoner. What was your direction, to search for marriages at St. Mary's in the Savoy, or St. John Baptist's?
Herring. I know every church and chapel in London, and know there is but one in the Savoy; I take them to be one.
Council for the prisoner. Whether you don't know there is a sacred place that is called by the name of St. Mary le Savoy, distinct from the chapel of St. John Baptist?
Herring. No, there is not.
Council for the crown. How long have you belonged to that office?
Herring. I have belonged to it above twenty years, we make these entries at the time the licence is granted.
Another allegation read, dated February 7, 1740, praying marriage to be solemnized in the chapel of the precinct of the Savoy.
Q. to 
               
                  Philip 
                  More 
               



            , Are there many in your book where marriage is pray'd to be solemnized at St. Mary's le Savoy, or St. John the Baptist in the Savoy ?
More. Here is a list of upwards of zoo of them, from the 9th of February, 1675, to the year 1741, some in every year. Here is one where the couple are both inhabitants of the precinct, and to be married only in that place; and hundreds of others that lived in different places, to be married only in that place. Sometimes it is called the parish church of St. Mary le Savoy.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


