





126. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Clayton 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury
            , July 5
.
[See No. 443, in Cokayne's Mayoralty.]


                  George 
                  Davie 
               



             produced the copy of the record of the conviction of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Dixon 
               



             for smuggling, and also deposed he saw the prisoner Clayton sworn before he gave his evidence upon that trial.


                  Thomas 
                  Gurney 
               



            . I remember the trial of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Dixon 
               



             in this place last July Sessions; the prisoner was the first witness Dixon called, who said, he was a butcher, and lived in Hanover-yard ; that Dixon lived servant with him in 1746, that he came in June and continued with him till the latter end of April following, and that he never lay out of his house one night in that time.
John Lyon, Sarah his Wife, 
               
                  William 
                  Payne 
               



            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Sharpless 
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Baker 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Haywood 
               



            , all deposed the same they did on the tryal of Payce. [See No. 609, in Cokayne's Mayoralty.] The Contents of their evidence was, that Clayton never had a yearly servant in the year 46, nor in all the time he lived in Hanover-yard, they all living in the neighbourhood.
Prisoner's defence.
I have some witnesses to call.


                  Mary 
                  Swinden 
               



            . I live in King-street, near the Seven-Dials, at a butcher's shop; I knew 
               
                  Edward 
                  Dixon 
               



            , he went by the name of Blackcap; he used to be employed by me, and one 
               
                  Ned 
                  Henley 
               



            , a Smuggler; I have seen him pay him four and five guineas at a time; the first Monday after the heads were put on Temple-bar, I saw him there, I said, Blackcap, what do you do here; said he, I am reduced very poor, and said, he wished he never had been a rider with Henley, or any of the gang, and had it not been for a butcher, who had took him, he must have wanted : I eat and drank with him; we had a quarter of a goose at a little cook's shop near the Butcher row.
Q. When was the heads put up ?
Swinden. I cannot tell.
Q. Did you ever see this Dixon afterwards ?
Swinden. I went to see Masterson in Newgate, and being curious to see the cells, I saw Dixon there, I said Blackcap, is it you? I am sorry for it; he said, they have swore against me falsely.
Q. Did you see him in the year 46 ?
Swinden. No.
Q. Do you know the prisoner ?
Swinden. I did, when he lived in Hanover-yard.
Q. Did you know him in 46 ?
Swinden. I cannot tell where he lived in 46; I have known him about five years; he has bought my goods for me.
Q. Did you know any servant he kept?
Swinden. I knew one Major that he kept about a year ago, there was another man used to come down to our house, when he has wanted a joint.
Q. What was his name?
Swinden. I used to call him Jack; it was, I believe, two years ago.
Q. Was that his nephew?
Swinden. It was not, I knew his nephew well
Q. What was his name?
Swinden. I don't know; I don't believe the prisoner would be guilty of perjuring himself ; and I really believe Dixon lived with him, as I do that I am here, but Dixon did not tell me where he lived, fearing I should tell Henley.


                  John 
                  Pettey 
               



            . I live in Hanover-yard, and am a Carpenter; Clayton was my tenant four years three quarters: I have been at his house very often; I have seen many-strange faces in the shop acting in some capacity; but who or how long they were there I cannot tell; I know nothing of Dixon, I neither saw him tried nor hanged.
Q. Did you ever know a servant to live with him a month together?
Pettey. I believe I have; I have seen him they call Major, I don't know whether the persons were relations or servants, or any thing else.
Q. What is Clayton's general character ?
Pettey. I don't know it.
Q. Do you think he would be guilty of perjury ?
Pettey. I hope not, I hope no man will that knows what he is about.
Richard Street. I live near the New Church in the Strand, and am a Taylor, I have known the Prisoner 15 years, I used to visit him often when in Hanover-yard.
Q. Did he keep any servants while he lived there ?
Street. I cannot say he did.
Q. What character does he bear?
Street. I have dealt with him these seven years, he always dealt very honestly with me.
Q. Upon your oath do you think he would be guilty of purjuring himself.
Street. I am not a judge of that, I cannot say any thing about it.


                  James 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I am a Brandy and Wine Merchant, I live in Thames-street, near the Custom-house; I have known the prisoner about half a dozen years or more: I knew him in Hanover-yard, I have dealt with him for meat divers times since the year 1746; his people came to my house with the meat, sometimes I paid them, and sometimes I paid him, when he came that way; I have been at his shop, and have seen a man at work in it.
Q. How many times have you been at his shop in the whole?
Gibson. I believe three or four times in the whole.
Q. What is his general character?
Gibson. I know no harm of his character.
Q. Do you or do you not believe from the character you have heard of him, that he is likely to be guilty of perjury?
Gibson. I really cannot think he would be guilty of perjury,
Q. Have you ever had any other dealings with him besides buying meat of him?
Gibson. No, never.
Q. Did you ever know him to give evidence in a court of justice ?
Gibson. I believe I have.
Q. Are not you sure?
Gibson. I think I am sure.
Council. One would imagine he never gave evidence for you by your manner of speaking; was it for or against you?
Gibson. I cannot say whether it was for or against, he was evidence once where I was concern'd.
Q. Can't you tell that ; what do you believe?
Gibson. I believe it was for me; I don't exactly remember whither he was suppoena'd by me or my adversary.
Q. How long is this ago?
Gibson. It is some years ago.
Q. How many years?
Gibson. Two or three years.
Q. For what sum was that suit ?
Gibson. I cannot exactly remember the sum.
Q. Did the jury give any credit to that witness ?
Gibson. I don't remember that.
Q. Where did you live when you dealt with him for meat?
Gibson. I said where I do now.
Q. Did you ever deal with him before he was witness in your cause?
Gibson. Yes some times before.


                  Ralph 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I live in St. Alban's street, I am a Bricklayer, I have dealt with the prisoner for meat, he has sent his servant with it to my house.
Q. Did you use to deal with him very often?
Taylor. Not above three or four times.
Q. Was it by his son or his servant?
Taylor. I can't tell, I saw one at his house which acted in the capacity of a servant; upon my word I never heard a bad character of him.
Q. Would you believe him upon his oath?
Taylor. Really I would not.
Prisoner. Please to ask all those evidences that have been produced against me, in regard to my general character.
Q. to Mr. Baker. What is his general character ?
Baker. He never wrong'd me of any thing, I have heard he has been a common-bail ; people have been to my house to enquire after his character, whether he was a sufficient man to be bail for people.
Q. What answers did you use to make to such questions?
Baker. I always answered, I believed him not a sufficient man for such purposes. I heard him once offer to swear himself worth 500 l. which is not a year ago, at the Judge's chambers.
Q. Should you have believed him worth 500 l. had he swore it?
Baker. No, I should not.


                  Walter 
                  Lee 
               



            . I live near Oxford-chapel, I know the prisoner by sight, I am not personally acquainted with him?
Q. What is his general character?
Lee I have heard he'll swear any thing, that a cow is a horse, for money.


                  James 
                  Pevey 
               



            . I live facing St. George's-church, the prisoner's general character is very bad: that he will swear any thing ; it is the common report of the neighbourhood, he is one that is hired to swear in courts.
Mr. Boozsher and Sharpless confirm'd the testimony of the last witness, as to his being a common bail.



               Guilty
            .





[Imprisonment. See summary.]







[Pillory. See summary.]






[Transportation. See summary.]


