





228. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Maria 
                     Matthews 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for that 


               she, together with a certain ill disposed person, to the jurors unknown, on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ward 
                        




                      
                  , gent.
 did make an assault putting him the said William, in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person one gold ring, value 10 s. and and one silk handkerchief, value 18 d. his property
            , June 1
. ++


                  William 
                  Ward 
               



            . I live in Queen's Head-court, Newgate-street. On Thursday, the 1st of this instant, June, I had been at the Rainbow coffee-house on Ludgate-hill with one Mr. Moore, and other gentlemen. Coming away, a little before twelve at night, as soon as I came by Ashley's punch-house, a woman (not the prisoner) took hold of my arm and said, I should go into a house with her, and give her a glass of wine: I told her I was not for her purpose, having a family, and was going home; she still kept by my side; when I came to the end of the Old-Bailey


, the prisoner came and took hold on my right hand, and said I should go with them, and both of them forced me a little way up the Old-Bailey; they made use of very indecent expressions; the prisoner at the bar made an impudent attempt at my breeches; I put her by, and clapp'd my left hand down, and secured my watch; she finding my mourning ring, slipp'd it from my singer; I both saw and felt her, and instantly charged her; it was very loose on my finger; the other let go her hold, and ran away down Horseshoe court; I secured the prisoner, and carried her to the watch-house with the assistance of two watchmen; I lost a silk handkerchief at the time also; I suppose the other that ran away had both handkerchief and ring. There are generally about a dozen such creatures standing there; so that neither a man nor modest woman can pass at that time without difficulty; I have had overtures made to me, since the prisoner has been in confinement, that I should have my ring again, if I would not prosecute.
Q. from prisoner. Did not I go quietly with you to the watch-house?
Ward. Far from it; I had much ado to hold her.
Q. Did you part with your ring willingly?
Ward. No, I did not: she took it forcibly; and the other holding my other arm, I could not prevent it.
Lease Child. I am a watchman: Mr. Ward called to me: I was on Ludgate hill, I went to him; he told me that woman had taken a ring from his finger, he had hold of her at the time; I, with the assistance of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Roberts 
               



             took her to the watch-house, and then to Bridewell.


                  Edward 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I am a watchman: I went, hearing Mr. Ward call, watch; we took her into custody; I observed she struggled much to get away before we come to her.


                  Edward 
                  Waters 
               



            . I am constable: when the prisoner was brought to me, the gentleman charg'd her with having taken a ring from his finger; and said he had not quitted his hold from her, till she was in custody of the watchmen.
Q. Was she searched?
Waters. I did not hear her desire it.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of it; I never went near him; he let the other women go; there were seven or eight of them about him: the first he got hold on was me, just as I was passing, and said I had got his ring: I said don't hold me, I cannot stay: he said I will have it of you or your life; and if I do not some others should. My husband is at sea; and I have 9 s. per week allowed me; I did not appear dressed like a whore or a bunter.
Prosecutor. I do not desire the prisoner's life: I have this to add in her favour, there were no threats made use of at the time. I could not lay the indictment in any other manner than it is; for had I laid it for privately stealing the ring, that would certainly have failed, as I both saw and felt the ring go.




               Acquitted of the robbery.  Guilty of felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


