





24. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lyon 
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one watch, with a metal box, and shagreen outside case, fudded, value 40 s.
             the property of

                     Thomas 
                     Prescot 
                  



                
            . It was laid over-again to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Bowles 
                  



                
            , Esq
; Nov. 30
.* 
Thomas Prescot. I took in the prisoner to be my servant
.
Q. How old is he?
Prescot. He says he is between 12 and 13 years old. I had hung up my watch on a looking glass in the room where I lie. The boy had been with me about seven or eight days. I missed the boy and watch together, last Tuesday was a week. I was going to advertise it, but upon hearing Mr. Abrahams had stop'd a watch, I went to him, and found it to be mine. The boy was committed to Woodstreet Compter. I went to him, he cry'd, and acknowledg'd he had stole the watch from out of the room. I bought the watch for two guineas and a half, of a man that at that time kept a public house, but he is since broke. He said he had it in pawn for two guineas, and I might have it upon trial for a week. I went to his house, and took the watch who two watchmakers in Fleet-street afterwards, who said I gave the full value for it. I took the prisoner before my Lord-mayor, where he own'd before me and Mr. Bowles that he stole it from out of my house ( the watch produced in court.)


                  Charles 
                  Bowles 
               



            . This is my watch ( taking it in his hand.) I was going down Ludgate Hill last February, on a Saturday night. The frost and snow lay in the gutters. A man came behind me, and cross'd his arms to mine. There were two women with him in cardinals who came up close to me, as if they would kiss me. The man said make room for the ladies; and some how or other they snatch'd this watch out of my pocket. I went to justice Fielding, and order'd it to be advertised. I heard nothing of it till Mr. Fielding sent for me, and told me to go to Mr. Abrahams, where it was to be seen.


                  Abraham 
                  Abrahams 
               



            . The boy at the bar and another boy came to my house last Wednesday night; they offer'd me this watch to sell. I keep a watchmaker's shop in Dukes Place. The prisoner said it was his, that he found it in the road coming from Baldock. I suspected, on questioning him, it was stolen. I charg'd a constable with them both, and took them before my Lord-mayor. Then the prisoner said a man gave it to him to sell. My Lord committed them both for further examination to the two Compters. In the mean time I look'd over the papers, and found such a watch advertised, on the 7th of Feb. last, to be brought to justice Fielding. I went to the justice, and he told me it was the property of Mr. Bowles, While I was Mr. Prescot came and claim'd it. Then I fought to him Mr. Bowles My Lord-mayor committed the boy, and bound the two prosecutors over to prosecute.
Prisoner. I own I went into my master's room and took the watch.
Q. to Prescot. Where did you buy this watch?
Prescot. I bought it of a man that kept an alehouse in Old Street. I have been there since, but there have been two men who kept that house since.
Q. Was his name Swift ?
Prescot. That is the name.



               Guilty
            .
The watch was ordered to be delivered to Mr. Bowles.




[Transportation. See summary.]


