





11. (L.) 
               
                  Ann 
                  Russel 
               



            , Spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 11 silk Handkerchiefs, value 22 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dobey 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop
            , Nov. 29
. ++


                  John 
                  Dobey 
               



            , I am a Haberdasher of Small-wares
 and live at Holborn-Bridge


. I had been out and just come in, the prisoner came to our Shop between 4 and 5 about dusk, Nov. 29. My boy serv'd her, after she was gone, he informed me he missed something. I went out and took her about a hundred yards from my door, with 11 handkerchiefs upon her.
[Produced in court, and deposed to.]


                  George 
                  Bethel 
               



            . I live at Holborn-bridge with the prosecutor, the woman came to my masters shop last Friday night and desired to see some India handkerchiefs, I told her we had got none, but we had some London made; I show'd her some, she did not like them, she went to the other counter, then she ask'd what she must give for the eleven, and what for one singly. Then she went out in great haste, which gave me some suspicion. I mist the handkerchiefs, my master was behind the other counter, I told him; we both went after her, and brought her back, she said she had not got any thing, and she would not be search'd. We found the piece under her cloak.


                  William 
                  Farrow 
               



            . I am constable, Mr. Dobey sent for me to take charge of this woman, he said she had got some handkerchiefs. When she found she must be searched, she took them from under her cloak, and said she wanted to be out of the world.
Prisoner, It is true what they say.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


