





568. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Blee 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 15 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wills 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , October 10
. + .


                  William 
                  Wills 
               



            . This day sevennight, passing along Ludgate-hill


, between twelve and one, 
               
                  Peter 
                  Bartlift 
               



             called out, Sir, you have been robbed. I turned about, felt in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; I then cast my eye into the prisoner's pocket, and there I saw it; upon that he drew it out, threw it into the kennel, and I took it up. It was a silk handkerchief.
[Produced in court, and deposed to.]


                  Peter 
                  Bartlift 
               



            . This day sevennight, going along Ludgate-hill, I saw Mr. Wills, the prisoner, and two more men by him; I happened to have occasion to blow my nose. I came along side the prisoner and his two companions. I thought they catched at my handkerchief, so I put it into my breast pocket. I had my eye upon these chaps. I turned about, and saw the prisoner close behind Mr. Wills. I saw him take the handkerchief out of Mr. Will's Pocket; upon which I collared him, saying, You rascal, you have picked the gentleman's pocket. Sir, said I to Mr. Wills, he has picked your pocket; then the prisoner handed it to one of his companions, who dropped it, and the prosecutor took it up.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to take the handkerchief from off the ground, seeing it lie, and the gentleman laid held of me, saying I took it out of his pocket.
To his Character.


                  Mary 
                  Williams 
               



            . I know the prisoner by sight very well, I know no harm of him, I believe he is a very honest lad.


                  Anne 
                  Hopkins 
               



            . I have known him about two years, I never heard any harm of his character, I have seen him willing to go of an errand for a bit of bread.


                  Terence 
                  Dear 
               



            . I have known him about three years, he lives very hard, and is an object of charity.


                  Jane 
                  Maynard 
               



            . I have known him about a year, I never heard any ill of him before.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


