





360. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Duncomb 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 3 l. 12 s. one silver seal, val. 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Groves 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , June 10
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Groves 
               



            . On the 10th of June about 11 o'clock at night, I was coming up the Newmarket


 in my way home, there was the prisoner and another woman talking together; the prisoner asked me where I was going, I said home: she laid hold of my arm, and said she wanted to speak to me. Then she asked me to go home with her to her lodgings, which I refused. Then she asked me to go over to an alehouse to drink with her, I said I would not, upon which she desired me to give her a penny to get her a dram, which I did, after which she behaved in a very indecent manner, such as pulling up her coats, and telling me that I should feel of her - , and asked me if I could deny such, &c. Then she put her hand into my breeches, and then to my fob. I was going away from her, but she dragged me to where her companion was standing. Presently the other woman went off, I then missed my watch.
Q. How long before you missed your watch was it that you had it ?
Groves. Just before I came up to them; I had taken it out to see what o'clock it was at a lamp, and put it into my fob again.
Q. Was you sober at that time?
Groves. I was.
Q. Did you perceive her to take the watch?
Groves. No, I did not.
Q. Were the two women close together before the other went off?
Groves. They were.
Q. Did you observe them to speak to each other?
Groves. I did not perceive they did.
Q. Was the other person near enough you to take your watch?
Groves. The other was at a distance when the prisoner put her hand to my fob. I am sure the prisoner is the person that took it, she never let me go from the time she first took me by the arm till I missed it: then I took hold of her that she should not run away, and I charged the watch with her.
Q. Did you ever get your watch again?
Groves. No.
Q. Do you think she was near enough the other woman to give it to her?
Groves. Yes, she was, just at her going off.
Q. Did you see her reach her hand?
Groves. No, I did not, for I was on the other side.
Q. How near were they to each other?
Groves. I don't know but that they might touch each other.
Q. What was done with the prisoner?
Groves. She was taken to the watch-house, and searched by a woman, but nothing was found upon her, and the next morning we took her to Bridewell, and from thence to Guildhall, and then she was committed.

Q. Did she confess any thing?
Groves. No.


                  John 
                  Downs 
               



            . On the 10th of June at night the prisoner was brought down to the watch-house, it was my watch night. There the prosecutor said, as he was coming down the Fleet-market she took hold of him.
Q. Was she in the hearing of him when he told this?
Downs. She was, and he said he refused to go along with her: and that then she asked him for a dram, upon which he gave her a penny.
Q. Was the account he gave the same he has done here?
Downs. It was. I sent for a woman to search her, but the watch was not found upon her. She was afterwards committed by the sitting alderman.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have nothing farther to say, than desiring he should bring the woman that searched me. I was going down the market, and this young man and a young woman were together, I had nobody with me. They were pulling and haleing one another about. I stood to look at them with my back against post. After he had done he went to button up his breeches, and said he had lost his watch, and she was gone away, and then he came and took hold of me, and carried me to the watch-house, and had me searched in a very indecent manner. Then the constable and he went out to see for the young woman he was in company with, they came back and said they could not find her. For my part I never saw her with my eyes before. Then they carried me down to Bridewell, and after that I was committed to Newgate.
Q. to prosecutor. Was you with another woman in the Fleet-market at that time?
Prosecutor. No, the prisoner and another woman were together, I had no body with me.
Q. Had you any knowledge of the prisoner before this?
Prosecutor. I never saw her or the other in my life to my knowledge.
Q. to constable. Did the prosecutor appear to be sober?
Constable. He did to me; I believe he was sober.
Q. to prosecutor. What do you value your watch at?
Prosecutor. At 3 l. 10 s.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


