






286 (M) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Rex 
                  , otherwise 
Rix




            , was indicted for that 


               he, on the 27th of May

, about the hour of one in the night on the same day, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Thomas 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing out thence six linnen aprons, one pair of breeches, five caps, a shirt, a shift, a pair of stockings, a quilted petticoat, three other petticoats, and 10 s. in money numbered, the goods and money of the said David
            . *
David Thomas. I am a cheesemonger
, and live in Shoreditch



, I went to-bed about a quarter after twelve in the morning, on the 27th of May; the things mentioned in the indictment were under my compter, and the money, which was upwards of 10 s. in half-pence, were in my till, I was call'd up by the watchman a little after five, and found my cellar window was broke open, and the goods and money mentioned were gone.


                  Henry 
                  Godson 
               



            . I am a watchman, and as I was going for a draught of beer I saw a man in Pear-tree alley, right against the gun, and heard some half-pence scatter on the ground: I said, friend you are full of money, I'll help you to pick it up; he said he could pick it up himself. As soon as I heard his voice I knew him, he had lately drawn beer at the black dog in Shoreditch.
Q. How far did you find him from the prosecutor's house?
Godson. It is about ten yards distance : he said he was going to carry this money to his mistress's summer-house at Hogsdon, there lay a bundle by him: then he said, the goods and money were his own, and that he was going to the Parrot in the Land of Promise, so I said, I'll see where you go. We went till we pass'd the Parrot, then I seized him and told him I believed he had committed a robbery: he said, indeed so I have, at a house near the Carlisle, that he had broke into the house at one o'clock, that he heard the clock strike while he was in the house. The bundle produced in court, being the things mentioned in the indictment, and depos'd to by the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of what they charge me with.
To his Character.
Rawlinson Armstrong. I have known the prisoner twelve years.
Q. Have you known him down to this present time?
Armstrong. I can't say I have known any thing of him for this two years, when I knew him he had a good character


                  John 
                  Widson 
               



            . I believe I have not seen him for these two or three years; but he was very honest 5 or six years ago.




               Guilty of felony only
            .
He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing 14 lb. weight of sewing thread, val. 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Bominear 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Abraham
            .

March 14

. +


                  Abraham 
                  Bominear 
               



            . I live in Spittal fields



, on the 14th of March I lost 14 lb. weight of sewing thread out of my back warehouse.
Q. When had you seen it last?
Bominear. I had seen it about seven days before.
Q. Have you found it again?
Bominear. I have not.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
Bominear. One of our people saw him going from my warehouse backwards with something in his apron.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Bominear. He formerly work'd with me about seven months.


                  Joseph 
                  Cash 
               



            . The prisoner being taken up on the other affair, and he having work'd with me some months, I went to him in order to see if I could get any thing out of him, having lost goods myself, and then he confessed he had taken 14 lb. weight of sewing thread out of the prosecutor's warehouse.
Q. Did you make him any promise previous to this confession?
Cash. I did not on Mr. Bominear's affair ?
Q. to prosecutor. Did you hear the prisoner make this confession ?
Prosecutor. I did.
Q. Did you make him any promise?
Prosecutor. I told him, if he would tell where he sold it (I wanted to find out the receiver ) I would not hurt him, but as he confessed before justice Gower, he bound me over to prosecute, or I had not done it.



               Acq
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


