





285. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Lawrence 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fincholmes 
                  




                
            , July 13
.* 
John Fincholmes. I live in White-horse-alley, Cow-cross


, and am a matt-maker
. I lost a silver watch, value about 30 s. on the thirteenth of July.
Q. Where was it taken from?
Fincholmes. It hung over my chimney.
Q. Did you ever find it again?
Fincholmes. Mr. Abrahams has got the guts of it, and a silversmith the cases; it is all found again but the dial-plate.


                  Abraham 
                  Abrahams 
               



            . (Produced the guts of a watch.) On the 13th of July last, this woman at the bar and another, came to my shop and produced this guts of a watch; the prisoner offered it and asked a crown for it. She said she found it in the Strand I saw it had been very ill used; I sent for a constable and carried them before the sitting alderman; they were sent back four different times, and at the fourth time the prisoner made a confession that she had offered the silver part of it to Mr. Douson on Holborn-hill; we went there and found the cases, they answered to the movement; then she acknowledged she stole the watch out of the prosecutor's house, and beg'd for mercy; after she was committed I advertised it, and by that means the prosecutor found me.
Q. to prosecutor. Is this movement yours?
Prosecutor. It is my property.


                  George 
                  Smith 
               



            . ( Produces a pair of cases.) Here is all the silver that belongs to the watch, except the rim that holds the glass, and the dial-plate; this woman came to our shop on the 13th of July, and asked me if I would buy them, she said she found them at the end of Leather-lane, Holborn; she asked the value of them, I saw they were bruised. I suspected she did not come honestly by them, so I stoped them. She said she would call again, and did, but I was not at home; so I never saw her after till she was taken up.
Q. to prosecutor. Look at these silver cases ?
Prosecutor. These are the cases belonging to my watch that I lost.
Q. from prisoner. Did not you see a person waiting for me at the end of Shoe-lane?
Smith. I did see a person there, but I did not suspect any body when she offered it me, but afterwards I recollected I saw a person there.
Prisoner's defence.
I had it of a young woman, and did not know that it was stole.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


