





466. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Clendon 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, val. 5 s. one cloth waistcoat, val. 2 s. five linnen shirts, one fustian frock, and one silk waistcoat
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Abel 
                     Pain 
                  




                
            , Sept. 26
.* 


                  Abel 
                  Pain 
               



            . I live servant
 with the earl of Scarborough in Grosvenor-square, the prisoner work'd in the stables
, I sent him on the 26th of Sept. to the rax at Hungerford-market, to fetch a box with the goods mentioned in it ; he went but return'd no more. I advertised the things and man, and the box was brought to the place mentioned, and all the things in it, except one shirt, which the prisoner had on when taken.


                  John 
                  Leevas 
               



            . I am beedle of St. Martin in the Fields, I had an information that there was a man in a cellar that had been advertised, I went and took him, it was the prisoner, he confess'd he had taken away the things and sold them for twenty-five shillings. I went to my lord Scarborough's to the prosecutor. We took the prisoner before justice Fielding, there the prosecutor own'd the shirt he had on his back, which was taken off. The box and goods produc'd in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.


                  John 
                  Lees 
               



            . This box, and the things in it, except the shirt the prisoner had on, was sent to me by Mr. Frost.
Mr. Frost. I carried the prisoner and the box of things in my coach; he said, he had been abroad, and that the things were his property, and he wanted to dispose of them. I bought them of him for 30 s. 6 d. coach-hire and all.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


