





388. (M.) 
               
                  George 
                  Hall 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one copper boiler with a brass cock, value 12 s. and one copper saucepan, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Chapman 
                  




                
            , widow
, October 18
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Chapman 
               



            . I live at Islington


. The prisoner had lodged with me twice, but he did not at the time I was rob'd. The things mention'd in the indictment were in my warehouse; and on the 18th of October at night the tiles were taken off and a place open'd big enough for a person to get in, and the things were taken away.
Q. Have you seen them since?
M. Chapman. I have.
Q. Where ?
M. Chapman. They were found upon the prisoner. When he was taken by 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chappel 
               



            , he and they were brought to me, and he own'd they were my property.
Q. Was you with him before a justice?
M. Chapman. I was, but don't recollect what he said there.


                  Thomas 
                  Chappel 
               



            . I am an officer in the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch. Last Tuesday was se'n-night in the morning, the prisoner was observ'd by one of the watchmen to be lurking about with a copper boiler and saucepan; he watch'd him into the Bull alehouse in Kingsland road, and then came and told me what he had seen. I went and found the prisoner there, and ask'd him where he got these things from? he said he had them at Hackney, of a person that was in necessity, and in fear of being seiz'd by his landlord. I went with him thither, and found what he said was false. Then he said he had them at Islington. I went there, and enquiring about found they belong'd to the prosecutrix. She saw and swore to them. (Produced in Court.)
Q. Where have they been since?
Chappel. They have been in my custody ever since.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had them of a man that is not to be found. He took them from Mrs. Chapman.



               Guilty
            .
There was another indictment against him for a single Felony.




[Transportation. See summary.]


