





332. (M.) 
               
                  Anne, wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Lewis 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing four yards of Dimity, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones 
                  




                
            , September 25
. ||


                  Thomas 
                  Griffith 
               



            . I live with Mr Jones, a linen-draper
 in Bridge-Street, Westminster


, about five or six o'clock in the evening, on the 25th of September, my master being confined to his room, and only mistress and I in the shop, the prisoner and two other women came in; and by their manner of buying I had some suspicion they had no good design; they bought some check. This piece of dimity lay in the window; the prisoner draw'd it nearer to her; I kept a good eye on her, and while I went to the other end of the shop, the dimity was gone from the place where it lay.
Q. How did the prisoner draw it!
Griffith. I saw her draw it near her, and lay her elbow upon it.
Q. Did you know her before?
Griffith. I did; she had us'd to come to our shop, and we had missed things several times. I observed her to shuffle something about her stays; I guess'd she had it there. There was another woman in the shop, she had bought something and she went out, I stepp'd after her, and told her the case, and desired her to go back, which she did; then the prisoner went out, and I after her, and brought her in again; I charg'd her with taking the dimity, and she took and threw it over the counter.


                  Anne 
                  Jones 
               



            , I am wife to the prosecutor; the prisoner came into our shop on the 25th of September, between five and six in the evening; my apprentice sold her to the value of a dozen shillings. She wanted to look at something else. My young man came and trod on my toe, not to show her any thing; then she went out, and he after her, and brought her back, and she took this remnant of dimity, which she had somewhere about her, and threw it over the counter.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Dennis 
               



            . I was at Mr Jones's and had bought a little bit of cloth. I went out, and this young man came out after me, and told me one of the women that were in the shop had taken something; I stepped back with him; then the prisoner went out, and he after her, and brought her back, and I saw her fling the piece of dimity over the counter.
Q. Was you in the shop before the prisoner and the other that came with her?
Dennis. They were in the shop when I came in.
Prisoner's defence.
I have lived eighteen years in the parish, and have changed hundreds of pounds in Mr Jones's shop to pay the men; my husband is foreman to a great master-builder; he is gone away for another person's debt; and since he is gone my senses have fled away, my Lord, my King, and my God. I have been trusted with a thousand pounds to pay 150 men, my Lord, and my King; ask Mrs Jones, if I ever wronged her of any thing in the world.
Mrs Jones. I beg to be excused answering that question; for I can say nothing to her advantage, I am sure.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation.]


