





490. (L.) 
               
                  William 
                  Curier 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, val. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Perkins 
                  




                
            , August 22
.


                  Christopher 
                  Perkins 
               



            . I live in St. Clement's-lane Last Sunday was se'nnight in the morning, searching my pocket, I missed my handkerchief. I imagined I had lost it on Saturday night; in about half an hour I heard Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Hankey 
               



            's pocket had been attempted to be picked, and that a lad was taken up and several handkerchiefs found upon him. I desired a person that was going there to see if there was such an one as mine. He went and when returned, said there was. I went to Guildhall on the Monday, and saw the handkerchief; it proved to be mine. Produced in court, and deposed to.
Q. When had you it in your pocket last before?
Perkins. I am certain I had it on the Saturday before, in the evening. I stopped to look at a funeral in Gracechurch-street, betwixt eight and nine o'clock, which is the time I suspect I lost it.
Q. from prisoner. Did you see me them?
Perkins. I don't know that I did.


                  Richard 
                  Wilson 
               



            . On Saturday the 22d of August, about nine, going along George yard in Lombard-street. I heard the cry of pickpocket by a voice I thought I knew. I desired the people to secure the boy whom I saw, who proved to be the prisoner ; he was, and carried to the watch-house, where Sir 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hankey 
               



             desired I would search him. I found two handkerchiefs round his neck, one wrapped in the other. There was a person perceived an handkerchief hang out of the knee of his breeches; I unbuttoned his breeches, and found two bound round his thigh, and another, which was a ragg, upon him. He was committed to the Poultry Compter. I delivered the handkerchief into Sir Joseph's custody, and he re-delivered it at Guildhall on Monday morning.

Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming along out of Whitechapel, having just been paid, and going to look for my sister, who was singing in the street. Doing my occasions by the Monument, there I saw a bundle lie. I picked it up and opened it, and counted four handkerchiefs in it. I had not pockets to put them in, so I put them about my neck, and tied some about my leg.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


