





271. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Tompson 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               that she on the 12th of July
 about the hour of 10 in the night, on the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Mathews 
                        



                      
                  , Esq
; did burglariously break and enter, one copper tea-kettle, value 5 s. one pair of leather breeches, value 7 s. and two pair of worsted-stockings, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Green 
                     



                   , widow
, in the dwelling house of the said Thomas, did steal
            , &c.*
Mary Green. Mr Mathew's lives in Queen-street, Westminster


. I am his servant. My master was out of town, and only me and my two children were left in the house. I had been out from betwixt 7 and 8 in the afternoon with my two children, on the 12th of July, and returned about 10. I locked the door at going out, and tried the door to see if it was fast with my knee. When I returned I went into the house, and was looking for my nightcap, and heard some rustling in the room. I said to my children there was some body there. At first I thought it might be a cat. I got a candle, then I heard somebody getting into the chimney. I desired the children to stand and see that nobody went by; they were affrighted, one crept under the bed, and the other flew towards me; the watch was going by; I went out, and one of my children cried out, here is a thief. I came back and catched the prisoner at the bar about six yards from the door.
Q. Did you see her come out at the door?
Green. No, I did not: my child did, and the prisoner owned it.
Q. Did you find any thing upon her?
Green. She had a pair of leather-breeches, a copper tea-kettle, and two pair of stockings in her apron.
Q. Did you observe any part of the house broke?
Green. I cannot tell how she came in: the windows were shut and all the shutters fast, and the door fast. She desired me to let her go; she said, she had been in my house, but had not wronged me of any thing. I was with her before the Justice: there she acknowledged she was in the house and took the things, but said, she did it for want.
Q. Did you know her before?
Green. I had seen her two nights before lurking about.
Q. Have you a husband ?
Green. No.
Q. Whose breeches were they?
Green. They are my son's breeches, a little boy; the tea-kettle and stockings were mine.
Q. Where were they when you went out that day?
Green. They were all in the fore-parlour. When she was examined before the Justice, there was found in her pocket a key, two gimlets, and a knife. Produced in court.


                  William 
                  Bond 
               



            . About the 12th of July in the evening, I happened to go by Mr. Mathews's door. I heard a little boy cry mama, mama, mama, prodigiously. I stood still: in 2 or 3 minutes I heard Mrs. Green call for God sake help, here is a thief in my house. I went and took hold of the prisoner, and found these things in her apron.
Q. What did she say?
Bond. She acknowledged before the Justice going into Mr. Mathews's house, and taking these things out. She said, she got in at the door, and shut the door after her. She said, the door was half way open, and that this was between 9 and 10 o'clock.


                  William 
                  Hurst 
               



            . I was at my master's, at the next door. I heard Mrs Green's little boy cry out, mama, mama, here is a woman in the house. I ran out, and Mr. Bond had stopped the prisoner with the things in her apron. The prisoner said, what things I have taken you may take again if you please. She behaved in a very wicked manner as we were taking her to the Round-house. She said, she would hang or make away with herself, that Mrs Green should never have the reward. We took her garters away from her.
The Constable. I heard her say if she got her liberty again, she would do for Mrs Green.
Prisoner's Defence.
Between 9 and 10 o'clock I was going by the door, which was standing open, and a little bundle standing on the step of the door. I took it up, as it lay before me. A little boy cried, mama, mama, and that young man came and took it from me, and carried me to the Watch-house; and the Constable and the rest of them took my apron and a knife that cost 6 d. from me, and I demanded them again and they would not let me have them again: they robbed me.




               Guilty of Felony only
            .
This is the same woman tried by the name of 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Elliott 
               



            , for the like offence, in getting into the dwelling house of 
               
                  George 
                  Smith 
               



             Bradshaw, in Dean street, by a false key, see No. 138. in last February Sessions Papers.




[Transportation. See summary.]


