





499 (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Yates 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, val. 12 d the property of 
                     
                        
                           Boyce 
                           Tree 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly
            . Sept. 26
. + .


                  Boyce 
                  Tree 
               



            . On the 26th of Sept. passing by Pye Corner


, betwixt 11 and 12 at noon, I was surrounded by 3 or 4 fellows, I believe there were 4 of them; one of them gave me a stroke on the right arm; they jostled me, and I believe their hands were in every pocket of my coat and waistcoat. I thought I saw a glimpse of my handkerchief coming out of my pocket, by a quick motion. They separated immediately, 3 of them ran toward St. Sepulchre's church, and the prisoner toward Smithfield; I followed him; he turned up for Snow Hill; I took him in Cock Alley; I searched him and found my handkerchief in his breeches.
Q. Did they say any thing to you?
Tree. There was not a word spoke.
Q. Was the prisoner ever out of your sight?
Tree. He was when he turned up Cock Alley, but that was not for half a minute.
Fra. Furner. I was at work in Cock Lane at a baker's shop, I heard Mr. Tree call out; I saw him clap his hand on the prisoner's shoulder, and heard him say, where is my handkerchief? the prisoner said, I have it not, nor know anything of it; I saw Mr. Tree find the handkerchief in the prisoner's breeches. The prisoner said a man in a leather apron gave it him.
Prisoner's defence.
I am not guilty of picking the gentleman's pocket myself; I am guilty of receiving it; one of them is 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Sparks 
               



            , cast now for transportation, another is 
               
                  James 
                  Clark 
               



            , and another 
               
                  John 
                  Hanks 
               



            .
Furner. At the time he was taken he pretended to be a stranger to the others.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


