





273. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barry 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two guineas, one moidore, one shirt, value 10 s. the goods and money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gutteridge 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of the said John, June 15
. ++



                  John 
                  Gutteridge 
               



            . I am a Brushmaker
, and live at the corner of Long-lane, West-Smithfield


; the prisoner was my journeyman
. On Saturday the 14th of June, in the evening I went out of town, and left the prisoner at work in the shop; and the money and shirt mentioned were lock'd up. I returned on the 16th; I found my till below-stairs broke open, and the things above stairs tumbled about; and upon missing the shirt and money I took up the prisoner.
Q. Did he lie in your house?
Gutteridge. No; he did not, except that night, according to his confession. He confessed he secreted himself in my house over-night, and lay there till Sunday at noon; when my people were all gone out; and then he took the things.
Q. Where did he confess this?
Gutteridge. Both at the Ram-inn, and before Sir 
               
                  Charles 
                  Asgil 
               



            .
Mr. Pool. I was with the prosecutor and prisoner at the Ram-inn, and heard the prisoner confess, that he secreted himself in his master's house on Saturday-night, and lay there till Sunday at noon; that he rob'd him of a moidore, two guineas, and eighteen-pence, and a shirt; and he delivered what money he had left back again.
Prisoner. I am an Irishman, a stranger in this country. I leave it to the mercy of the court.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


