





353. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Knott 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing twelve linen caps, value 2 s. one silk handkerchief, value 12 d. one silk and cotton handkerchief, one linen handkerchief, two linen aprons, two pair of worstead stockings, one linen and woollen gown, and 11 s. 6 d. in money number'd
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Thomas 
                  




                
            , Aug. 16
. || .


                  Sarah 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I work'd at haymaking with Mr. Page, on Finchley-Common


, so did the prisoner. I put my cloaths and money, all I had in the world, in a bag, as she was standing by, and left it in a loft, hanging upon a peg. On the 16th of August we went all together to work in a field about a mile and a half from it. She quitted the field about the middle of the day, and my master's son happening to see her coming out of the lost, between one and two o'clock, he and my master pursued after her, took her, and secured her at Mims, where I saw her. She denied the silk handkerchief and the money ( the goods produced in court, and deposed to.) The gown (with the other things) she had on her back under her own.
Q. What did she say for herself?
S. Thomas. She said she had taken them, but never saw the money or handkerchief. I had put the money up in a rag, and put it into the bag with the other things.


                  James 
                  Page 
               



             and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Page 
               



             his son confirm'd the account as above, and 
               
                  James 
                  Ellis 
               



             the constable deposed to the prisoner's confession, &c.
Prisoner. I did take the things to be sure; I was set on to do it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


