





316. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Pomfrey 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pier-glass, three window curtains, one quilt, two bed curtains, one head cloth, one tester cloth, one vallance, one pillowbier, one man's trimm'd coat, four shirts mark'd J. H. one shirt mark'd W. H. one linnen towel, one pair of laced ruffles, one pair of work'd ruffles, one pair of black stockings, one pair of man's shoes, one stone stock-buckle, one silver knee-buckle, one man's blue coat, one pair of man's blue breeches with gold trimming, one neckcloth, one pair of man's channel pumps
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hay 
                  




                
            , Esq
; August 27
. ++


                  John 
                  Clayton 
               



            , senior. 
               
                  William 
                  Hay 
               



            , Esq; went out of town, and left the key of his chambers along with me.
Q. What are you?
Clayton. I am the porter that waits of him; when he went out of town the things mentioned were in the chambers; the prisoner had a key of the chambers.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Clayton. She was his laundress
. She behaved herself well; but what company she has sell into lately, I cannot tell. The goods are all missing now. My son can give a farther account.


                  John 
                  Clayton 
               



            , junior. The prisoner own'd in my hearing that she took the goods, mentioned in the indictment, out of the chambers.

Q. Did she say how she had disposed of them?
Clayton, jun. At first, when I missed the things, I ask'd her what was become of them? she said, she knew nothing of them; but when we carried her before the sitting Alderman, she own'd to the taking some of them, and the rest since she has been in the Compter; and that she had pawn'd th em to a Pawnbroker in Fleet-street; there we found the shirts mark'd with my master's name.


                  Thomas 
                  Bent 
               



            . I am a Broker; I bought a bed, curtains, a pier glass, a bolster, a tick, a vallance to a half tester, and a quilt, of the prisoner at the bar; a porter brought them.
Q. Where do you live?
Bent. I live at the lower end of Fleet-Lane; I suspected her, and followed her 'till I found out who she was; then I went to Mr Clayton, and gave him notice of her. I was before the sitting Alderman, and heard her own she took these goods out of Mr Hay's chambers.


                  Thomas 
                  Packer 
               



            . I am a Pawnbroker; I took in several things mentioned in the indictment, of the prisoner at the bar; a black coat, two pair of shoes, four or five shirts, a buckle, a pair of ruffles, a pair of stockings.


                  John 
                  Ealing 
               



            . I am a Pawnbroker; I took in two blankets, a black coat, a grey coat, a waistcoat, a white coat, two pair of silk stockings, two shirts, a pair of ruffles, and two handkerchiefs, of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Whose did she say they were?
Ealing. She said they were a gentleman's that lived in the Temple, to whom she was laundress; she brought them, and took some out at divers of times.


                  William 
                  Larden 
               



            . I am the Constable. He produc'd three pair of shoes, two buckles, five shirts, all mark'd. These the prisoner own'd she took from the chambers.
Clayton, jun. I believe these to be Mr Hay's property.
Q. Where is Mr Hay?
Clayton. He is not in town.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the things.
For the Prisoner.


                  Susannah 
                  Whitney 
               



            . I have known the prisoner five years.
Q. What is her general character ?
Whitney. Always very honest before this.


                  Sarah 
                  Tomkins 
               



            . I have known her three years.
Q. What has been her behaviour?
Tomkins. I never heard any ill of her 'till now.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation.]


