







185, 186. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Wynt 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     More 
                  



                
            , widows

, were indicted for 


               stealing 12 guineas , and one half guinea
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burnet 
                  




                
            , April 29
. ++


                  John 
                  Burnet 
               



            . I met with the two prisoners in Swan-Alley, near Rosemary-Lane; they took me promilcuously into the house of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Holland 
               



            ; and one by one arm, and the other by the other, haul'd me up stairs. I was a little drowsy; I lay down on the bed with Wynt, and More went down stairs. I slept, I believe, about two hours, and when I wak'd she and all my money was gone, 12 guineas and a half in gold.
Q. What are you?
Burnet. I am a seafaring man
.


                  Sarah 
                  Holland 
               



            . The prosecutor brought these two prisoners into my house. Wynt and he lay on my bed. After some time Wynt came down in her shift, and left her stockings and shoes in the room, and ask'd for More, and they went away together. I observ'd he had but one shilling, besides gold, which he sent for a quartern of Rum, and they got the other sixpence. They were taken up and committed; and I have been in Bridewell two months last Wednesday.
John Green. I am the officer that took up the two prisoners. They are very bad women. So is Holland. Wynt confess'd to me, she took the prosecutor's purse out of his pocket with 8 guineas in it. I ask'd her what she had done with the rest of the money, and the 50 l. Bank note. She said she saw nothing of the note; but said she had six guineas, and six half guineas, which makes 9 guineas; and that she left it at a publick-house. She deliver'd me the purse. Produc'd in court.
Prosecutor. My purse was like that, I believe it to be the same.
Q. to prosecutor. Had you a 50 l. Bank bill with the money?
Prosecutor. I had: it was under my money in the purse. I never saw it since.
Q. When had you seen that last?
Prosecutor. Not above a quarter of an hour before.
Wynt 

               guilty
            , More 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


