





253. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ashton 
                  



               
            , clerk
, was indicted for 


               stealing six books, call'd Lord Clarendon's History of the Rebellion, value 20 s. three books, call'd Wheatley's Sermons, value 6 s. three books, call'd Miscellanea Curiosa, value 4 s. three books, call'd Norris's Practical Discourses, value 1 s. four books, call'd the Jewish Spy, value 5 s. four books, call'd Nature Displayed, value 4 s. four books, call'd Don Quixot, by Motteaux, value 4 s. four books, call'd Fielding's Amelia, value 4 s. two books, call'd Bruyere's Characters, value 2 s. three books, call'd the Free-Thinkers, value 3 s. one book, call'd Observations on the Classics, value 1 s one book, call'd the Chinese Spy, value 1 s. one book, call'd the Critical Review of Cromwell's Life, value 6 d. one book, call'd Bishop Burnet's Travels, value 1 s. one book, call'd the 
                     
                        Roman 
                        History 
                     



                  , by Question and Answer, value 6 d. one book, call'd the History of the Duke of Marlborough, value 6 d. one book, call'd Ramsay's Travels of Cyrus, value 1 s. one book, call'd Synge's Gentleman's Religion, value 6 d. one book, call'd the Life of Fenelon, value 6 d. and one book, call'd Blackwell's Introduction to the Classics, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Baker 
                  




                
            , June 28
.


                  Samuel 
                  Baker 
               



            . I am a bookseller
. The prisoner at the bar came to my shop for, I believe, about a fortnight together, not every day, but occasionally; the first time of his coming, I think he laid out in books about sixteen or seventeen shillings, and the second time twenty-four shillings, and paid for them. After he had been several times at my house Mr. Darbyshire, who lives in Wych-Street, and is a bookbinder and bookseller, came to me and ask'd me if I had not lost some books. I said, none that I knew of. He said he had seen several amongst a parcel, which a person offered to sell for twenty-five pounds, or guineas, amongst which he thought some were mine, and that they were at the person's lodgings, at the back of St. Clement's. He went away, and I did not look, not missing any; but he having mention'd Miscellanea Curiosa I began with the octavo's to search, thinking those most likely to be taken away. I missed my Lord Clarendon's History of the Rebellion, and in searching on I missed many others; then I sent for Mr. Darbyshire, and he came. I asked him if he remember'd seeing Lord Clarendon's History. He said he did. Then I got a search warrant from justice Fielding, and went to the prisoner's lodgings, where I found all the books that I had missed, and several which I had not then missed.
Q. Did you find all that are mentioned in the indictment?
Baker. I did, in the prisoner's lodgings. (Produced in court.) These are all my property.
Q. Did you ever sell any of these to the prisoner?
Baker. No, never.
Q. Did you to any body else?

Baker. No.
Q. Where were they taken from?
Baker. They were taken from out of my shop. There never was any money accounted to me for them, and I believe my servants can clear themselves from any suspicion.
Q. Where do you live?
Baker. I live in York-Street, Covent Garden. When we went to search the prisoner's lodgings, at the back of St. Clement's, he was very ill in bed. I charged him with taking the books, and said I was very much concerned to see a gentleman in his situation of life guilty of such an action, as he was seemingly going into his grave. He wanted to speak with me by myself. I said I had nothing at all to say to him, but he must go before the justice; but he seeming extremely ill, I did not care to take him out of his bed, so I went to Mr. Fielding to know if he might he in his lodgings all night. The justice told me I must have somebody with him, so I gave a man two shillings to sit up with him. The next morning I carried him before the justice, who ask'd me if the books were mine. I said they were, and that I had neither sold nor lent them. There being six volumes in large paper, I could not conceive how he conveyed them away; and according to the number of times, of his being in my shop, he must have taken a dozen at a time. I said to the constable he used to come in a great coat, pray look on the inside of it. He turn'd it out, and there we saw a pocket on each side; the whole lining seem'd to be pockets, in which he might have taken away a bushel of books almost at a time. He was asked then how he came by the books. He said, 'I do ' acknowledge them to be Mr. Baker's books, and ' he has them again, and if he requires any other ' restitution in the world, I am ready to give it him' I told him that he had done an action that had subjected him to the law, and he must take his trial.


                  Nicholas 
                  Lankford 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Baker; I remember the prisoner being at our shop six or seven times, and the two first times that he came he had no great coat on. He had one on the third time. He then walk'd round the shop and look'd at the books.
Q. How long did he stay that time?
Lankford. I really can't say how long. I remember the second time he came, he was going out of the shop as I was coming in.
Q. Did you observe him to meddle with any books the third time he was there?
Lankford. He took some down from the sholves to look at.
Q. Did you see him put them up again?
Lankford. I did not observe that. I had no suspicion of him, he having bought books of us before; I can't say as to his taking them.
Q. Did you look at the books that were found in his lodgings?
Lankford. I did. I was there, and all the books that we brought away I can swear to be Mr. Baker's property.
Q. Upon your oath did you ever sell the prisoner any of these books, here produced?
Lankford. Upon my oath I never did, neither to him nor any body else; I never sold the prisoner any books. He bought two parcels of books, but he paid Mr. Baker for one, and the apprentice for the other.
Q. Did you see all these books in the prisoner's lodgings?
Lankford. I did; there are both master's mark and mine upon most of the books.
Mr. Darbyshire. I am a book-binder and bookseller, these books here produc'd were offer'd to me to sell, particularly the history of the Rebellion by Lord Clarendon, in large octavo, by the prisoner, at his lodgings on the backside of St. Clement's. He ask'd me twenty-five guineas for the parcel; there were two or three hundred vols. these and many others. I told him they would not suit me. I had a suspicion they were stolen. Then I went to Mr. Slater, one of our business, and told him what I had seen; and he told me he suspected the prisoner was a thief, he had alter'd some books for him.
Q. How alter'd them?
Darbyshire. In making them that were light more dark.
Q. How came you to know these were Mr. Baker's books, did you bind any of them for him?
Darbyshire. No, I did not bind any of them. I found Mr. Baker had sold him some books by my describing him, so I ask'd him if he did not miss any, and told him my suspicion.
Prisoner. You seem to be very unjust and malicious in your representations, and have carried it on all along in such a manner, that right or wrong I must be accused of felony by your means.


                  James 
                  Gardner 
               



            . I have seen the prisoner in our shop about five times.
Q. Did you ever see him take any books?
Gardner. No; these books I know to be my master's, Mr. Baker's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have got my defence on a bit of paper, I hope the court will indulge me to read it.

Court. That you may.
He reads.
Whereas Mr. Baker, bookseller, in Covent-Garden, has accused me as guilty of stealing some books out of his shop, and having prosecuted me for a robbery on that account, it has thrown me into a horrid dungeon, where I am almost strip'd of all the necessaries of life, and am reduced to such a state of bodily weakness, that I can hardly stand upon my legs, and have been so spunged of the little money I had, that I have scarce any left wherewith to support myself, by which means I am quite disabled from having an attorney at law to act as my counsellor, having nothing to pay for his usual fees, wherefore I must offer the following defence for myself, which I shall submit to the worshipful judge and the honourable members of the jury.
And first I desire it may be consider'd that I bought a parcel of books of Mr. Baker, for which I paid him the full value in cash, and he having sent his boy along with me to carry them to my room, it seems some of his books were mix'd with them, which Mr. Baker being invidiously inform'd of, he came and found them in my custody, and thereupon founded his process of felony against me; but how this should have happened I can't conjecture, unless it has been thro' a mistake, and inadvertently owing to a defect of my eye-sight; and if this was really the case, me thinks it was sufficient to excuse the matter to Mr. Baker, if he had been disposed to treat me with the smallest degree of candour, but it seems he was determined to prosecute me with the greatest virulence; and indeed he seems in this whole affair to have acted from a principle of revenge, and to have been impatiently thirsting for my blood, so that nothing less would satisfy his malicious resentment than that my life should be made a sacrifice to his revenge. This methinks will be sufficiently apparent if it be consider'd, that when justice Fielding seemed disposed to mitigate the matter, Mr. Baker (sir'd with rage) attempted to corrupt his mind, and to bring him under the deepest prejudice against me, by suggesting to him that about ten years ago a Scotch clergyman having been found pilfering books at London, he made no doubt but I was the same man; a malicious aspersion this, purely of his own invention, on purpose to slur my character as far as slander and calumny could go. Had I intended to deal as uncharitably with Mr. Baker as he has dealt with me, I might have prosecuted him for committing a robbery against me, by carrying off several books from my room, under a pretence of securing his own property, which I could have proved to be mine by particular receipts under the hands of those booksellers of whom I bought those books; but I thought myself oblig'd to interpret his conduct with more charity than to impute it to an intention of robbery, but russes to a mistake; and to convince you of the unexampled malice of that insinuation of Mr. Baker's to justice Fielding, I would desire you to consider that it not seven years since I was in London before, where I preach'd the Gospel in most of the Presbyterian meetinghouses with universal acceptance, and under as fair a character as any minister in London; and before that time I had officiated as a minister of the church of Scotland above eight years, with great approbation, and am still of an unreproachable character, as appears by the ample credentials I received from the Presbytery to whom I belonged, and which I carried along with me to America, where I preach'd the Gospel for the space of ten years, in most of the British provinces and islands, with the greatest marks of honour and esteem, as a minister of the best character.
Now I appeal to you, gentlemen, whether it is at all likely or probable, that after I had supported so good a character for so many years, I should immediately upon my arrival at London prostitute my sacred profession all at once, and abandon my self to the silly scoundrel trade of pilfering books, as if I had extinguished all sense of honour and virtue; methinks the very supposition of such a thing must needs be abhorent to every ingenuous mind. I hope what has been said may be sufficient to convince your honours, and indeed to satisfy all the world, that the imputation Mr. Baker has endeavour'd to fasten-upon my character is utterly false and scandalous, and that I have sufficiently vindicated myself from so vile an indignity. May it therefore please your honours to canvass the matter in your serious thoughts, not with that rigour and severity which Mr. Baker has used, but with that tenderness and impartiality, that compassion and benevolence which the alleviating and mitigating circumstances of the case will readily admit, and then I doubt not but you'll find reason enough to reject Mr. Baker's charge with the indignation and contempt it deserves. I shall only beg leave to beseech your honours to release me from that dismal place where I have suffer'd so much already, and not remand me to that dreadful prison, where should I remain but a few days more, I must inevitably starve and die. What a scandal is it to old England, that the king's prisoners should be reduced to such miserable circumstances: May I be the last prisoner who shall suffer in such a deplorable condition! May it please your honours to reinstate my character, which Mr. Baker has attempted to fully and destroy, and restore me to a capacity of farther usefulness in the Christian ministry, if God shall be pleased to spare my lilk and recover my health, and this will oblige your humble petitioner ever to pray for your success and prosperity.


                  James 
                  Ashton 
               



            .
Q. Have you any witnesses?
Prisoner. No, I don't see I have occasion for any.
Court. Will not any of these ministers for whom you have preach'd in London appear for you, to give you a character?
Prisoner. They are all dead now. I have preached for Doctor 
               
                  Harris
               


            , Doctor Wright, Doctor 
               
                  Gravener
               


             and others.
Q. Will not one of those large auditories appear to your character, to whom you preached?
Prisoner. There is nobody knows me now in London.
There was another indictment against him for an offence of the same nature.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


