





415. (L.) 
               
                  John 
                  Pinchen 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing eleven yards of silk ribbon, value 5 s. 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Harison 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop
             of the said Philip, Sept. 24
. ||


                  Philip 
                  Harison 
               



            . I am a mercer
 in the Cloysters, West-Smithfield


. The prisoner came into my shop on the 24th of September last, to look upon some ribbons. My niece call'd to me immediately, and said, she had missed some ribbon; I look'd in the prisoner's pocket and saw it there. The prisoner took it out, and laid it on the counter, and said what have I done? ( produced in court, and deposed to.)
Q. How much is there of it ?
Harison. There are a eleven yards and half. I sent for a constable, and took him to the Mansion House.



                  Ann 
                  Dawson 
               



            . The prisoner came into our shop the 24th of September, and desired to look at some ribbons. I took down the drawer with ribbons in it, and set it before him. He look'd at a good many pieces, and kept a piece in his hand; he pitch'd upon some, and desired me to cut off one yard. When I was cutting off the yard, I missed the piece out of his hand. I look'd for it, and saw it in his pocket, as he stopped down. I said, there it is, to my uncle that stood by me. After that, he himself took it out of his pocket, and laid it on the counter.
Prisoner's defence.
I was always a hard working lad. I am innocent of the thing. I pick'd it up off the ground, and gave it to a fat gentlewoman that was in the shop.
To his character.


                  Winifred 
                  Hussey 
               



            . I have known the prisoner these dozen years. I live in White-Hart Court, Old Street.
Q. What is the prisoner's character?
W. Hussey. He sells greens about with a cart. I never heard any harm of him in my life. He is a very good seaman. He was at sea I believe seven years before I knew him.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Eagan 
               



            . I live in Old Street, and have known him five or six years. I never heard nothing by him, but that of an honest young man.




               Guilty. 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


