





277. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Gee 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 1 l. 10 s. and one silver milk-pot, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Berry 
                  




                
            , August 12
. +


                  William 
                  Berry 
               



            . I live in Brick-lane , Old-street


; I am a coachmaker by trade, but I now deal in wood for the coachmakers use
. I had two sawyers
 at work for me, the prisoner at the bar was one, and the evidence the other. On the 12th of August they went through an entry to go into the yard, where they worked, and the door into the kitchen opens out of the entry. In the kitchen, by the side of the chimney, hung my watch. After dinner I went out, and left the watch hanging there. Some time after, my maid came and told me the sawyers were gone from work, and that the watch was missing. I went home, and found it as she said; they came again just at dark; I asked them where they had been, they said to see the soldiers muster; (the two sawyers are soldiers
 ) I said you need not have taken my watch with you, they swore they had it not. I took them before justice Keeling, but could not make any thing of them. On the, Thursday following my maid missed a silver milk-pot, then I took them both before justice Fielding; I found Evans, the evidence, had got a silver stock-buckle, and a better coat than he had before, from which I strongly suspected that they had the things. Before the justice, Evans confessed the watch was pawn'd on Snow-hill for a guinea, to one Mr. Brown, and that they knocked the milk-pot to pieces, and sold it to a Jew.
Q. Did the prisoner hear this confession?
Berry. No, he was not present at the time.
Q. Did the prisoner confess any thing?
Berry. No, he did not.
Q. Did you find the watch where the evidence said it was pawn'd?
Berry. I did, it was pawn'd for a guinea. (Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Francis 
                  Rochfort 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Brown, a pawnbroker on Snow-hill; on the 12th of August, in the afternoon, the prisoner at the bar brought this watch to me, and asked a guinea upon it; he said it was his own, I lent it him.
Q. What time of the afternoon was it that he brought it?
Rochfort. It was about six in the evening.
Q. Did he tell you where he liv'd?
Rochfort. He said he liv'd opposite to the three cups in Bishopsgate-street.
Q. Was any body with him?
Rochfort. No, he came alone.
Cross examination.
Q. Had you any acquaintance with the prisoner before?
Rochfort. No, I had not.
Q. Have you seen him since?
Rochfort. I saw him at the justice's since.
Q. Was he dressed in his regimentals when he brought it?
Rochfort. No, he was not.
Q. How was he dressed?
Rochfort. He was dressed in a brown waistcoat.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Owen 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. This watch (taking it in her hand) is the property of my master; it was lost on the 12th of August, between the hours of two and three; the prisoner and evidence worked at sawing for my master, they had been there that morning, till about eleven o'clock; they both came back again, between the hours of two and three, and went into the yard to their saw-pit, they soon came out of the yard through the entry.
Q. Did you see them?
Owen. No, I was up stairs, I saw them through the window go to the saw-pit, and when they came to go through the entry, I called, who is there, the prisoner said, when in the entry, he was going to get a pint of beer: I saw my master's watch hang up in the kitchen, which is near the entry, just before I went up stairs?
Q. Where was the milk-pot?
Owen. That was standing on a little table; I came down stairs in less than a quarter of an hour, and the watch was gone; I went to my master and told him of it.
Q. Was the kitchen door open or shut when you went up stairs?
Owen. It was wide open.
Q. Could they see the watch hanging in the kitchen as they passed through the entry?
Owen. They might easily see it.
Cross examination.
Q. Was it the usual way of going into the yard to go through the entry?

Owen. It was.
Q. How long was you up stairs?
Owen. Not above a quarter of an hour.
Q. Do you know whether the prisoner went into that room?
Owen. I cannot tell that.
Q. How do you know this watch from any other?
Owen. It has a brass chain, and I used to wind it up every day.


                  John 
                  Haines 
               



            . I was at work along with the prisoner, for the prosecutor; we went out for a pint of beer, between eleven and twelve, and returned to our work about one.
Q. When was this ?
Haines. This was about a month ago, on a Saturday; my master was not at home, we did not go to work; we went to go out of the yard, and when in the entry, the maid asked us who was there; we said the sawyers; we took the watch from off the nail by the fire-side in the kitchen.
Q. Which of you took it?
Haines. Gee took it.
Q. Where was you at the time?
Haines. I was in the entry.
Q. Did you see the milk-pot?
Haines. I did, after he had taken it.
Q. Had he and you consulted about this thing before?
Haines. We had, he told me four or five days before, he would willingly take the watch. I was very to be concerned at first, but at last I did consent to it.
Q. Was the door open or shut when the prisoner took the watch?
Haines. It was open; that door used to stand open, and we had seen the watch several times before. After we had taken the watch, we went and pawn'd it on Snow-hill for a guinea.
Q. Who pawn'd it?
Haines. Gee pawn'd it
Q. Had you any share of the money?
Haines. I had.
Q. What did you do with the milk-pot?
Haines. We sold it to a Jew, after Gee had stamped upon it, the same day.
Q. Where does the Jew live?
Haines. I do not know, I never saw him before, neither do I know where we found him; we went from Snow-hill to him, it was in an open place near Tower-hill.
Q. What is the Jew's name?
Haines. I do not know.
Q. What did you sell it for?
Haines. For 11 s. 6 d.
Prisoner's defence.
What he swears against me, I know no more of than the child unborn.
To his character.
Captain Wilson. The prisoner belongs to my company; I have known him about two years, he has behaved remarkably well; I never heand him suspected, he bears as good a character as any in the company.
- Dunman. I am a serjeant in the same company to which the prisoner belongs, he has been in the regiment three years next November, we never had cause to suspect him to be guilty of theft, or neglect of duty. He has been trusted in the barracks with our knapsacks, we never missed anything after him; the evidence Haines acknowledged before the justice that he himself took the milk-pot.
- Hinemarsh. I am likewise a serjeant in the same company, I have known him from his first inlisting.
Q. What is his general character?
Hinemarsh. He has an extraordinary good character, our cloaths use to hang up in the barracks, and he has been trusted there, and we never missed any thing.


                  Richard 
                  Ledger 
               



            . I have known him seven years.
Q. What are you?
Ledger. I am a cabinet-maker, he worked for me five years, to my knowledge he never wronged me of any thing; I never heard to the contrary but that he was an honest man till now.


                  Joseph 
                  Sanders 
               



            . I have known him five years, he has a very good character, I always thought him an honest man. I keep a public house, he has had opportunities to take my plate out of my bar, but I never suspected him, or missed any thing.


                  Francis 
                  Casser 
               



            . I have known him seven years, he has lived in ready-furnished lodgings of mine, I never knew no ill of him till this affair.


                  Thomas 
                  Solomon 
               



            . I have known him seven years, he is a man of a good character, and very well beloved by the neighbours.



                  William 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I have known him seven years, he has a good character; I always took him to be an honest man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


