





171. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Woodey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four instruments of steel, with ivory handles, called steels, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bennet 
                  




                
            , March 14
. ||


                  Henry 
                  Bennet 
               



            . I live upon the paved-stones in West Smithfield


, and keep a cutler's-shop
; the 24th of March last, between the hours of seven and eight at night, my sash was lifted up, and out of the shop I lost four steels; they were all brought to me again: he brought one to have the swivel put on the end of it; they had all swivels on them when in my shop.


                  Samuel 
                  Martin 
               



            . I live in Turnmill-street, the prisoner asked me if I would buy a steel, saying he had picked up one. The swivel was off. I bought one of him for six-pence and a pot of beer. I heard afterwards that the prosecutor had lost such, and I went and carried it him.
Q. Are you a butcher?
Martin. No, but my father deals in tar and greace for waggons and carts, and trades in dog-horses towards making it up.


                  John 
                  Griffith 
               



            . The prisoner offered a steel to me to sell; I gave him a shilling for it, at the Red-cow in Turnmill-street; he said he found it in Smithfield. It had never a swivel to it. I went to Mr. Bennet to have one put on, and he said it was stole from him.


                  Christian 
                  Nicholson 
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me, in Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell, he came in a Friday about a quarter after eight at night, with a steel in his hand, all over muddy, and said he had found it in Smithfield; there was no swivel on it; he offered it me for six-pence, he left it for three half-pence for his lodging, as I would not buy it. The Monday following I was told the prisoner was gone to Newgate for stealing a steel. I found out the prosecutor, and carried it to him; his wife asked me if I knew of any more. The Friday following, we have a little hog, he had ruttled some old rags out of a hole, and amongst it another steel; the hog had done his occasion on it; I took and wiped it, and carried it to the prosecutor.
( The four steels produced in court, each deposed to the respective steels they gave evidence about; all four deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence.
As I was going home, a man gave me these four steels.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


