







157. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pope 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 56 pounds weight of sugar, value 20 s.
             the property of persons unknown, October 30


. ++


                  Robert 
                  Middleton 
               



            . The first time I went to work with the prisoner at the bar was at Porter's-key




.
Q. What work did you do?
Middleton. I only carried some sugar for him.
Q. What work did he do?
Middleton. He went into the warehouse one story high there, and flung out a bag of sugar.
Q. How much was there of it?
Middleton. There was upwards of half a hundred weight of it, and he employ'd me to carry it for him to Mr Harrison's, and he went along with me, and Mrs Harrison herself received it, and she paid the prisoner 15 s. for it while I was by.
Q. What time was this?
Middleton. This was in the latter end of October.
Q. What time of the day?
Middleton. It was in the middle of the day?
Q. How came he by it in the warehouse?
Middleton. I do not know.
Q. Was it stolen or taken by authority?
Middleton. He flung it out to me.
Cross Examination.
Q. Does the prisoner and you both belong to one regiment?
Middleton. We do.
Q. Did you work on the key with him?
Middleton. I did, but he brought me to this?
Q. What time of the day did you carry the sugar to Mrs Harrison's?
Middleton. In the middle of the day.
Q. Where does she live?

Middleton. She lives on Little Tower-hill by the ditch-side.


                  James 
                  Forgerson 
               



            . I am the warsinger's servant at Porter's-key; I know there has been sugar missing out of that warehouse, there has been missing eleven hundred weight out of two hogsheads.
Q. Had the prisoner ever work'd there?
Forgerson. To the best of my knowledge he never work'd on the Key but one day, then Middleton work'd there that day also; and they begg'd leave to be paid off before they had done, pretending they were going upon duty; which, I believe, was only going to steal sugar.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner steal sugar ?
Forgerson. No, never.
Q. Did you hear him examined ?
Forgerson. I did before my Lord Mayor. There he confess'd he had carried sugar to Mrs Harrison, and that he received eleven shillings for it. He confess'd he went three times with sugar in a handkerchief.
Q. Did he say where he had the sugar from?
Forgerson. He said he had it from out of a warehouse at Porter's-key; and upon his next examination he denied it all, before my Lord Mayor.


                  William 
                  Dolley 
               



            . I am what is called a gangs-man. Whenever we went to weigh our sugar we found it had been pilfered, about that time that Middleton and the prisoner were about; but they never work'd but part of one day, as I remember.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
For the Prisoner.
Mr Lacksham. I have known the Prisoner a year and a half; ever since he has been in town.
Q. What is his general character?
Mr Lacksham. I never heard any but that of an honest man. His friends are people of great credit in the country.
Mr Previn. I have known the prisoner ever since I can remember. He and I both came from one town, Cheltenham in Gloucestershire. He went to the same school, a Latin school, as I did.
Q. What is his general character?
Mr Previn. He always bore an exceeding good character.
Mr Lawson. I have known the prisoner ever since he was quartered at the Swan in Fuller's Rents.
Q. What is his character ?
Mr Lawson. He has a very good character, I have trusted him with ten pounds at a time to carry to Kentish Town.
Mr Willson. I have known him about two years; he was recommended to me by a person at Cheltenham: he served me as a porter. I trusted him to receive, and very often to pay, considerable sums of money: he always discharged his trust with credit.
Q. What are you?
Willson. I am a Grocer.
Mr Nettleship. I have known the prisoner as long as I can remember. I have heard he was a soldier, but have not seen him since he was a soldier 'till now. He has behaved, as I have heard, with honesty.
Mr Pryer. I know the prisoner extreamly well, and have done this eight months. He was quartered at my house. I always trusted him with any thing I had, except the scrutoire; he never wrong'd me of any thing; he always had the key of the street door, to go out when he thought proper. I never knew him to do any harm in my life.
Serjeant Denman. I inlisted him on the 20th of February was twelve months.
Q. What regiment is he in?
Serjeant Denman. He is in the first regiment; he has always behaved in a very honest manner, and was accounted honest by all his comrades: when we were in the Tower, he never lay out of it.
Serjeant Hindmarsh. I have known him ever since he inlisted. He lay in the same barracks that I lay in, in the Tower. I have trusted him with my lac'd cloaths, and all I had, and never found any thing deficient.



               Guilty
            .

(L.) He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing forty pounds weight of sugar, value fifteen shillings
            , the property of persons unknown, December 22


. ++


                  Robert 
                  Middleton 
               



            . The second time that I went with Pope was on the Friday or Saturday before Christmas last, we went down to Porter's-Key




, the next Key to the Custom-house-Key. Pope went into the warehouse.
Q. At what time of the day?
Middleton. This was about two o'clock in the day; I stay'd in the gateway. He did not stay in the warehouse above a quarter of an hour, before he threw some sugar out from a warehouse one story high.
Q. Could you see what he was doing where you stood?
Middleton. No, I could not see him.
Q. What did you do with that sugar?
Middleton. I carried it in a handkerchief. Pope went along with me with the first handkerchief to Mrs Harrison's; he stay'd there while I went and fetch'd two more handkerchiefs full: there were upwards of forty pounds in the whole.
Q. Who received this sugar?
Middleton. Mrs Harrison did.
Q. What business is Mr Harrison of?
Middleton. I cannot tell what business he follows; I have seen him sometimes upon the Keys among the tobacco, and he has tobacco rolls hung up over his door.
Q. Was any body at work in the warehouse where the prisoner went into?
Middleton. I did not see any body there.
Q. How did he open the door?
Middleton. That I cannot tell.
Q. Were he or you paid for that sugar?
Middleton. I saw Mrs Harrison pay him ten shillings and six pence for it.
Q. How do you apprehend he came by it?
Middleton. I do not know.
Q. Did he say he was going to steal it?
Middleton. No, he did not.


                  Richard 
                  Lee 
               



            . I live at the Bull-head, Holbourn. Middleton was quarter'd upon me. This Mrs Harrison that he talks off was at my house, and pass'd as the prisoner's and his mistress.


                  James 
                  Forgerson 
               



            . I am the wharfinger's servant; we missed a great deal of sugar out of that warehouse which Middleton mentions, about the 22d of December.
Q. Did you see the prisoner or Middleton at the warehouse on the 22d of December.
Forgerson. I have seen them about there a great many times, but cannot be particular as to that day.


                  William 
                  Dolley 
               



            . I am a gangsman; I cannot say to the day of the month, but we have missed a gread deal of sugar at times out of that warehouse.


                  John 
                  Rawlins 
               



            . I am constable upon the Keys for the West-India merchants; I was at the taking the prisoner at the bar in Fuller's Rents, Holborne, at his quarters, with a warrant from my Lord-Mayor, back'd by Justice Fielding. When we came to examine him, he own'd he had stolen a parcel of sugar out of Porters-Key warehouse, one story high, and sold it for eleven shillings and six-pence, or ten shillings and six-pence, and gave the evidence, Middleton, five shillings and six-pence out of it.
Q. Did he say what quantity there was of it?
Rawlins. No, he did not.
Q. Did he say who he sold it to?
Rawlins. He said he sold it at Harrison's.
Q. When was he taken up?
Rawlins. On the twenty-first of March last.


                  Charles 
                  Crane 
               



            . I was at the Mansion-house when Pope was examined on the twenty-second of March, and heard him own he had paid Middleton some money for carrying sugar for him to Mrs Harrison's.
Q. Did he say what he sold it for?
Crane. He said he sold it for about ten shillings; there was a sort of a dispute between Pope and Middleton there about six-pence, whether the money he sold it for was ten shillings, or ten shillings and six-pence.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was on the Key, and Middleton and I both of us work'd in the warehouse; but as for taking any sugar, I never did in my life; Middleton was taken in the fact, with three handkerchiefs full of sugar, and I was at the Marshalsea at the same time.



               Guilty
            .
(L.) He was a third time indicted for 


               stealing fifty-two pounds weight of sugar, value 18 s.
             the goods of persons unknown, February 23


. +
Middleton deposed to the prisoner's taking about fifty-five pounds weight of sugar, on the 23d of February, out of the same warehouse; that he carried it for Pope to Mrs Harrison, who gave Pope thirteen shillings for it, and he gave Middleton five shillings and six pence of the money; but the other evidences did not corroborate his evidence as to the time.
The prisoner was 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


