





181. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Martendale 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one bill of exchange, value 24 l. 10 s. being then due and unpaid
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Jones 
                  




                
            , December 16
. ++


                  Daniel 
                  Pain 
               



            . I live at Wrexham in Denbighshire. On the 14th of December last, I wrote to Mr. Greenwoller's, in York-street, Covent-Garden, in which letter I inclosed a bill of 24 l. 10 s. and another of 10 l.
Q. Look at this paper.
Pain. This is the very identical bill of 24 l. 10 s. I sealed the letter, but whether I or my servant carried it to the Post-Office, I am not certain; but this I am certain of, that I never send any to town with a bill in it, but that either I carry it to the office myself, or send him with it.
Q. What is his name?
Pain. His name his 
               
                  Robert 
                  Lankford 
               



            , he is my apprentice; I not hearing any thing of his receiving it, wrote a second letter to him, and acquainted him with the contents of that, and the two bills inclosed in it.
Cross examination.
Q. Were all the indorsements on the bills when you inclosed it?
Pain. They were.
Q. Are you sure the name 
               
                  Edward 
                  Jones 
               



             was?
Pain. I am certain it was.


                  Robert 
                  Lankford 
               



            . I am apprentice with Mr. Pain, at Wrexham in Denbighshire.
Q. Whose business is it to carry and put letters in the Post-Office, when your master sends any to London?
Lankford. It is either his business or mine: all are put in either by himself or me if bills are in them.
Q. Did you live with him in December last?
Lankford. I did.
Q. Do you recollect putting a letter in the Post-Office in December last?
Lankford. I do not; but if my master did not put it in, it must be me.
Q. How often do you put letters in that office ?
Lankford. We generally put letters in every post.
Q. Suppose your master did then give you a letter to put in.
Lankford. Then I put it in; but as to this particular letter, I cannot say that I remember it.


                  Edward 
                  Jones 
               



            . (He takes the bill in his hand.)
Q. Look on the back of that bill. Have you seen that before?
Jones. This is my name on the back of it.
Q. Is it your hand writing?
Jones. It is not. My son is here, he wrote it for me. My hand shakes so, that I cannot write.
Q. Was this bill ever paid?
Jones. No, it never was.
Cross examination.
Q. How do you know that it never was paid?
Jones. It never was paid me, and it is my property.
Pain. I remitted it as a friend to him, and when it was paid I was to give him the money.


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . (He takes the bill in his hand.) This name 
               
                  Edward 
                  Jones 
               



            , my father's name, is my hand writing. I generally write for him, this I wrote at his desire.

Q. to E. Jones. Do you in these cases give authority to your son to write your name?
E. Jones. I do, and I know this is his hand writing.
Mrs. Pyke. I keep the Post-Office at Wrexham in Denbighshire.
Q. How long have you kept it?
Mrs. Pyke. About a year and a quarter.
Q. About the 14th of December, the letters that were put into the office, what care did you take of them ?
Mrs. Pyke. I take particular care of all letters put into my office.
Q. Can you say any thing as to this particular letter now in question ?
Mrs. Pyke. I remember there was a letter directed to Mr. Greenwollers's, at that time.
Q. What did you do with those letters, at that time ?
Mrs. Pyke. I put them in the London bag, and sent them as usual.
Q. Did they go safe to town?
Mrs. Pyke. There was no stay, or hindrance of it, as I heard of.
Q. Is it usual when you send up letters to put in a bill of them?
Mrs. Pyke. It is, but we don't name the franks.
Cross examination.
Q. How came you to remember this in particular ?
Mrs. Pyke. Mr. Pain came to my house a post or two afterwards, and told me he had sent a letter, at that time, which he had had no answer to.
Q. Do you remember this letter from your own knowledge, or from his telling you there was such a one?
Mrs. Pyke. His telling me gave me some uneasiness, and upon my recollecting, I remembered particularly there was such a letter in the office, directed to Mr. Greenwollers's.


                  Joshua 
                  Baker 
               



            . I belong to the General Post-Office.
Q. Do you remember the Chester mail coming in about the middle of December last?
Baker. I never heard it was missing.


                  Thomas 
                  Ravenhead 
               



            . I belong to the Post-Office. I remember the Chester mail did come in on the 16th of December last, containing all the bags.
Q. Was Wrexham bag in that Chester bag?
Ravenhead. It was.
Q. Was the Chester bag in that mail?
Ravenhead. Yes.
Q. Who opened the Chester bag?
Ravenhead. Mr. Baker did.
Q. What day does the Chester mail come out from thence to arrive here on the 16th?
Ravenhead. They are dispatched on the 14th from thence.
Q. What day is the bill of the Wrexham bag dated?
Ravenhead. That is dated the 14th.
Q. to Baker. Do you remember the Chester mail coming to your office on the 16th of December?
Baker. At this length of time I cannot tell, but if the post-master's bill was produced I could tell. (It is produced, he takes it in his hand.)
Baker. These are undoubtedly my hand writing.
Q. What is the meaning of these Bills?
Baker. Mrs. Pyke has already declared, this is the account of what letters she sent that day. It appears what number there were, and when they came.
Q. to Mrs. Pyke. Look on that paper, and give an account what it is?
Mrs. Pyke. This is the account of what letters came from Wrexham, on the 14th, my hand writing.
Baker. These were received on the 16th, here is my own writing, we sign our names to them; they are part printed, and filled up by the postmasters in the country; and on their arrival we sign our names to them. I certainly received these, or I could not have signed it.
Q. When the bag came in, was it sealed as usual?
Baker. To the best of my remembrance it was, we always look at those things then.
Mr. Potts. I am comptroller of the General Post Office.
Q. Was the prisoner at the bar employed at the Post-Office, about the 16th of December last.
Potts. He was employed as letter carrier, at that time, about Bloomsbury-square, to carry out for a man that was sick.
Q. Had he any concern with the letters sent to York-street, Covent-Garden?
Potts. It appears this letter, now in question, was a frank letter. York-street is not in his walk, but it is in the same division; there are four of those letter carriers, and he used to be remarkably assiduous to fetch the frank letters; those four men take the letters and sort them, and any one may have those frank letters in his custody.
Q. to Mr. Pain. Was the letter you sent in a frank?
Pain. It was a frank by Sir Lynch Cotton.
Potts. I apprehend, when the prisoner thought this was for his purpose, he put it in his pocket, as one of them; fetches the letters for the whole seat, into the letter carrier's office, if there are six or seven carriers. I only prove the general course of the office, to shew that this letter directed to York-street, might come into the hands of the prisoner.
Q. When was the prisoner taken up?
Potts. He was taken up about a fortnight or three weeks after, and I was with him before justice Fielding; he was there charged with taking this letter. At first he told an odd story, and would not own any thing; Mr. Fielding said to me, as you are his principal officer, may be he will say something to you. I said to the prisoner, have you a mind to say any thing to me, he said, sir, I should be glad to speak with you alone. We went together into a closet; the moment we were in the room, he dropped down on his knees, and with a flood of tears, said he was guilty; for he took the bill out of the letter; I said, is any other letter carrier, in our office, concerned with you in it? he said no, sir, not any body, he had ruined and undone himself; for he, himself, took it out of the letter, and there was nobody but a gentleman's servant, that was out of place, that persuaded him to the commission of the fact. When we came out of the room he repeated the same he had done there.
Cross examination.
Q. Did you before the time of his confession tell him he should have mercy if he would tell the whole?
Baker. No; I did not.
Q. Nor did you make use of any threats in order thereto.
Baker. No; not in the least.


                  Charles 
                  Greenwollers 
               



            . I have correspondence with Mr. Pain of Wrexham, in Denbighshire: I received a letter from him on the 30th of December last; the contents were that he had sent two bills in a letter.
Q. Where is that letter you received?
Greenwollers. That letter I have lost: I sent him a letter the post following, that no such letter came to hand. On the 6th of January I received another from him, with a copy of the bill for 24 l. 10 s. 2 d. I carried it to Mr. Tosier, in order to stop the payment; it being directed to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Tosier 
               



             and Co.


                  Aaron 
                  Tosier 
               



            . Mr. Greenwollers brought a copy of a draught to us; saying he had received advice of a draught being sent him from the country, that he had never received; and desired we would stop payment of it. We told him it had been brought to us, and we had accepted it. He said when it became due, he desired I would let him know; and about three weeks after that, it was brought to us by Mr. Griffith for payment, but I did not pay it; I am ready to pay it now.


                  Charles 
                  Griffith 
               



            . I keep a linen-draper's shop in Clare-market. Some time before Christmas, the prisoner came to my shop, and said he wanted a piece of cloth of about 2 s. per yard.
Q. Can you recollect the exact time.
Griffith. As near as I can recollect, it was about the 23d of December; I looked him out a piece, he bought it, and three yards of Muslin for Neck-cloths, and two pocket handkerchiefs. The bill came to 3 l. 6 s. 6 d. he shewed me a bill of exchange, accepted by 
               
                  John 
                  Tosier 
               



             and Co.
Q. Look at this bill.
Griffith. This is the same bill. I said pray where does this gentleman live; he told me. It was for 24 l. 10 s. I gave him full change, and deducted the 3 l. 6 s. 6 d. for my goods. When the bill became due, I went to his house in Billiter-square, to receive the money, and Mr. Tosier told me the money was ordered to be stopped.
Prisoner's defence.
When I was before justice Fielding, I saw Mr. Potts there, he said, Martendale, you have been guilty of a very bad thing I believe. I said I had not. He said I had better confess it; and if I would, he would recommend me to the postmaster-general.
Q. to Mr. Potts. Did you say to him as he has mentioned ?
Mr. Potts. No, I did not; all I said was, if there was any body belonging to the office guilty; with him, it might be of use to him to make a discovery. (The jury look at the bill, &c.)
For the Prisoner.


                  Michael 
                  Robertson 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about thirteen years. I never heard any thing amiss of him before this I believe he deserved a good character before this.


                  Charles 
                  Gray 
               



            . I have known him about a year and a quarter, I never heard but that he was a very honest man before this thing happened.
Mr. Darby. I believe I have known him ever since the year 1741; his behaviour has been extremely good in all the places he was in; I always looked upon him as an honest man before this.


                  Thomas 
                  Lamb 
               



            . I have known him about twelve years; he once lived with my father, and behaved very well then.


                  Joseph 
                  Fell 
               



            . I have known him about thirteen or fourteen years.
Q. What was his general character?
Fell. I know nothing but honesty by him.


                  Robert 
                  Blaseley 
               



            . I have known him about three years.
Q. What has been his behaviour?
Blaseley. He behaved very well: I always look'd upon him as an honest man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


