






461. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Parkinson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen handkerchief, val. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Overel 
                  




                
            , Sept. 27
. ++


                  James 
                  Overel 
               



            . I live in Heydon-square in the Minories, on Thursday the 27th of Sept. about half an hour after six o'clock, returning home, just by the postern in Aldgate


, I stood still in a pause whether I should call on an acquaintance or not, a person came and said, Sir, your pocket is pick'd of a handkerchief by that man, pointing to the prisoner. I put my hand in my pocket and missed it, the prisoner made an offer to run away, I took him with the assistance of another person that met him, and brought him to the place where the person said my pocket was pick'd, there lay my handkerchief on the ground. The handkerchief produc'd in Court and deposed to.
Q. Where is that person that inform'd you of it?
Overal. His name is Millet, he went to Ireland the next day, and is not return'd.


                  Thomas 
                  Walker 
               



            . I was coming down by the end of Shoemaker-Row, at this time the prosecutor had made a stop; the prisoner was there and another man with him ; a gentleman in blue said, Sir, your pocket is pick'd of your handkerchief, and by that man, pointing to the prisoner. I was within two or three yards of them, and saw the prisoner drop the handkerchief, then he ran, but the gentleman brought him back, and pick'd up the handkerchief, while he had hold on the prisoner's arm.
Prisoner's Defence.
That gentleman that is gone to sea, said, he could not tell whether it was I or not that pick'd it out of the pocket.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


