





219. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Larner 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one gold ring, value 10 s. and two shillings in money, number'd
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Bridget 
                     Dignam 
                  




                
            , widow
, June 14
.*
Brigdet Dignam. I live in Long-alley, Morefields


; I hired the prisoner in Spitalfields market, to help me in my work, I wind silk
; she lived with me but three days; I went out on the last day, and desired her to make a fire, to get breakfast ready, and when I came back I found she was gone; I examined my things and miss'd a gold ring and two shillings in money.
Q. When had you seen the ring before?
Dignam. I had seen it the minute before I went out, and two shillings along with it, in a little green purse, in my chest.
Q. Have you seen the ring since?
Dignam. I have: the prisoner was taken that afternoon; the next morning she was brought to the Mansion-house; I ask'd her what she had done with my ring; she said, Mistress, I sold your ring for half a guinea to a Goldsmith; the Goldsmith was sent for; he came, and brought three rings with him, and threw them down upon the table; my Lord-Mayor ask'd me, if I knew my own ring; the ring was so battered that I did not know it; my Lord ask'd him, which was the ring he bought of the girl; he took up one, and said, this is what I bought of her; my Lord look'd at it, and ask'd me what was the posey of mine; I said mine was, Join with one, and God alone; my lord look'd in the ring and found it to be right and true; I said to the Goldsmith, how could you batter the ring so; said he, I was going to melt it down.


                  John 
                  Tripp 
               



            . I am a Goldsmith, and live in Leaden-hall-street: I bought this ring (I believe) of the prisoner at the bar. Producing a gold ring.
Prosecutrix. This has been battered sadly since I lost it.
Q. to Tripp. What did you give for it?
Tripp. I had half a guinea for it.
Q. How did she say she came by it?
Tripp. She said she found it.
Q. What does it weigh ?
Tripp. It weighs three penny weights and some grains.
Q. Is half a guinea the full value of it?
Tripp. It is.
Q. Where did she say she found it?
Tripp. She said she found it some where by White-Chapel.
Q. Did you know her before?
Tripp. I never saw her before to my knowledge.
Q. Did she bring a neighbour to give her a character?
Tripp. No.
Q. Why did not you stop her and the ring too?
Tripp. It is very common for things to be found so.
Court. You should have stopped and advertised it, that the right owner might have it again.
Tripp. If every thing that was found was to be advertised, we should have nothing to do.

Court. You are to stop every body that comes in a suspicious manner.


                  John 
                  Darwin 
               



            . The prosecutrix came and said, she had lost her ring; I went out to see for her, but she was taken by an acquaintance of mine, after she had made away with the ring.
Prisoner's Defence.
He did not ask me any questions, but weigh'd it, and throw'd me down half a guinea.
Q. to Tripp. What, did not you ask her how she came by it?
Tripp. No, I ask'd her no particular question.
The Court ordered the ring to be weighed; the Marshal's man returned with it and said it weighed eleven shillings and eight-pence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


