






294, 295. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Barnard 
                     Seers 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Graham 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one cloth waistcoat, one worsted waistcoat, one cloth coat, one pair of cloath breeches, four linnen shifts, two linnen shirts, twelve linnen aprons, and one guinea
            , the goods and money of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Sewell 
                  




                
            , April 11
.* 


                  Joseph 
                  Sewell 
               



            . I live near Golden-square


, on the 11th of June I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were in a box in my room, up three pair of stairs. I never saw either of the prisoners to my knowledge, 'till the night after; but the night I lost them I met with the two waistcoats pawn'd at the house of 
               
                  George 
                  Crew 
               



             in Hart-street, Covent-garden. We were directed to the House of one Nebbs in Langley-street, Long-Acre, by Matthew Chesham, who said, the persons that did the robbery were there: It was he (
               
                  Matthew 
                  Chesham 
               



            ) that pawn'd the waistcoats, whom we took into custody When we went to see for the prisoners the woman of the house denied their being there, and our going in; but the constable went in, and we found the prisoners there. Graham was getting out of the window into the yard, and Seers concealed in a closet : We carried them to Covent-garden round-house, and went to Justice Fielding for a search warrant; we went to the house, and there found a bundle tied up in a handkerchief, in which were the four linnen shirts, two shirts, and twelve aprons. The Goods found produced in court, and deposed to.


                  George 
                  Crew 
               



            . I am a pawn-broker, and live in Hart-street, Covent garden: The two waistcoats were brought to my house by one Chesham, on the 11th of April at 10 o'clock at night; he lives over against me, he said he brought them for an acquaintance. I had not lent the money above three minutes before there was an inquiry after them.
Q. What did you lend upon them?
Crew. I lent ten shillings upon them.


                  Matthew 
                  Chesham 
               



            . I am a barber, Graham had been servant to me. On the 11th of April, about ten at night, the two prisoners came to me, Seers call'd me down out of my room, and desir'd me to go and pawn the two waistcoats for them, which I thought were their own, and went and pawn'd them. Seers wanted me to have carried them farther.
Q. Who did you deliver the money to?
Chesham. To 
               
                  Barnard 
                  Seers 
               



            ; he was at the pawn-broker's door at the time.
Q. Where was Graham then?
Chesham. He was up in my room.


                  William 
                  Bell 
               



            . On Saturday the 11th of April at night, I was at the house of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Sewell 
               



            , standing at the door, I saw 
               
                  George 
                  Graham 
               



             come out with a bundle under his arm.
Q. Was any body with him?
Bell. I saw no body but himself.
Q. to Sewell. What time did you miss the things?
Sewell. Much about seven o'clock, the door was open, and a piece of the door tore off.
Seers's Defence.
I had been at Paddington that evening, about eight o'clock I saw Mr. Graham in Carnaby market, he ask'd me where I was going, I said, home, which was towards Long Acre. Before we came into St. Ann's Court we saw a Jew with an old hat in his hand and a blue bag, we asked him if he would sell that hat; he said, yes, and ask'd two shillings for it: He said he had got two waistcoats in his bag, and took them out. We asked him if he had any thing else; he said nothing that would suit us. We ask'd him what they were, he pull'd them out, there were shifts and shirts; he asked ten shillings for the waistcoats, Graham offered him eight: Then we ask'd what he'd have for the linnen. We thought to make use of the shirts ourselves, and make presents of the other things, he ask'd seven shillings for them, that is seventeen shillings in the whole, we offered him fifteen, so as we were short of money, and I was going to be shaved, I got Mr. Chesham to pawn the waistcoats, and I intended to fetch them out again on Monday. We went to an alehouse in Clare-market and supp'd, I asked him to lie with me that night; I had put the other things in a handkerchief in my box.
Graham's Defence.
I was with Seers when he bought them, he talk'd to the old cloaths man, and turned his head about, and gave him the money I suppose. I did not purchase them.
For Seers.


                  William 
                  Nibbs 
               



            . I live in Langly-street, Long-Acre: There was a search warrant came to my house, Seers lodged at my house, and the other lay with him that night. The constable found a bundle of linnen in Seer's apartment, I don't know how it came there; he had lodged with me about five weeks, I had a character with him as an honest sober man, and he behaved so to me.
Q. What is his employment?
Nibbs. He is a carver, and worked a little at my house.


                  Samuel 
                  Lay 
               



            . I have known him about three years, he is a very honest young fellow.
For Graham.


                  John 
                  Mackrill 
               



            . I have known Graham about three years.
Q. What is his general character?
Mackrill. I never heard any ill of him in my life.
John Hill. I never knew any thing of him but very honest and very good.


                  Jonathan 
                  Blower 
               



            . I have known him about two years, I never knew any harm of him.


                  Carolina 
                  Oates 
               



            . He serv'd part of his apprenticeship with my husband, after my husband's death he serv'd it out with me.
Q. What is his general character?
C. Oates. It is a very good one.
Q. How long is it since he left you?
C. Oates. It is about three years.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


