






78, 79. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Broxton 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gouge 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing two truffes of hay, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Bocock 
                  



                
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Dec. 17

. +


                  Charles 
                  Bocock 
               



            . Bloxton was my servant
. I was informed he made a practice of selling my hay, so I made it my business to way-lay him, and I catched him in selling two trusses of hay to the other prisoner. He stop'd his cart in White-Chappel, and threw two trusses down, and each of them took one, and carried them into a back place, in a stable, and put them up into the hay-loft.
Q. What was in the cart?
Bocock. There was a load of hay, which I had sold to a brewhouse at 45 s. One went up into the lost, and the other handed them up. As soon as the buyer came down I collar'd him, and charged him with buying stolen hay, and desired him to go before a magistrate. He was very unwilling, but at length I got him there. When he found I was master of the hay he would have paid me for it. I told him I had sold him no hay, for that load of hay was sold already, and I could not sell it twice, so should take no money of him; so he gave the money, which was two shillings, to Broxton, my man, who took it, and put it into his pocket. After that I went to the brewhouse to see if there were any mistake, that is, if the hay should be short.
Q. Were there two trusses of hay short ?
Bocock. I don't know whether there were or not. They acknowledged they had received a full load of hay.
Q. What brewhouse was the hay carried to?
Bocock. To Mr. Trueman's brewhouse.
Bloxton's Defence.
The horsekeeper said if I could sell a truss or two of hay, in coming along, I was very welcome; so I sold these two trusses.
Q. to prosecutor. Who did you see at the brew-house, that told you they had received the hay?
Prosecutor. I saw the horsekeeper. He always takes in the hay.
Gouge's Defence.
I bought the hay of this man (looking to Broxton) and paid him for it. I was coming from the blacksmith's with my horse. I asked him if he'd sell any hay. He said he'd sell a truss or two. I gave him two shillings for it. My master was then very ill in bed, and we were out of hay.
For Gouge:


                  Edward 
                  Robins 
               



            . Gouge lived servant with me, and is a very honest fellow; I have known him fourteen or fifteen years.
Q. What are you?
Robins. I keep a little shop in White-Chappel.
Q. Do you keep horses?
Robins. I do.
Q. Had he used to buy hay for you?
Robins. He never did but once, and that was two trusses: hay being short, and I was sick at the time.
Q. Did he buy it by your order ?

Robins. No, he did not. He gave a market price for it, as hay went then by the load.


                  William 
                  Clements 
               



            . I have known Gouge to have the character of a very honest man.
Q. How long have you known him?
Clements. I don't know how long, he work'd at the Tower some years in making the cartridges. I know his master [the last witness] was very ill at the time he bought this hay.


                  Christopher 
                  Gardner 
               



            . I have known Gouge about half a year. I have known his master some time, who was ill in his bed, and the prisoner said, he did not know what do for some hay for his horses. I have been with the master in the market in White-Chapel, when he has bought hay; he never trusted his servant when he was well, to buy hay. I was in the stables several times while the master was ill, and no-body expected his life. I remember the horse was eating oat straw. I asked the prisoner why he let the horse eat oat straw; he said, because his master had no hay.
Broxton, 

               Guilty
            .
Gouge 

               Acq.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


