





434. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fulford 
                  



               
            . was indicted for that 


               he, in a certain field, or open place, near the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Eagan 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from him one pair of leather breeches, one pair of leather shoes, one pair of white mettle buckles, and 6 s. 9 d. in money
            , +


                  James 
                  Eagan 
               



            . I was coming to London, and on the back of Islington church, in the fields


, I sat down to rest myself, between two and three o'clock in the morning, the 29th of May
 : there came the prisoner and two other persons and cry'd, holo ; then they came up to me and swore, they would stick me through the body, or cut my throat, if I did not deliver them my money and goods, they took from me the things mention'd in the indictment. I was inform'd the prisoner was taken last Thursday was se'nnight, and when he was before the Justice I went there and knew him again; two of them had sailors trowsers on, the other a red waistcoat; the prisoner said before the Justice, they took from me my buckles, breeches, and shoes, and that he saw but threepence halfpenny in money, but he did not say what was become of them.
Prisoner. We had never a knife along with us. Ask him, whether I nam'd any buckles before the Justice.
Eagan. He did, my lord, and call'd them white buckles.
Q. from the prisoner. Does the prosecutor know the breeches?
Eagan. Yes, I should, if I knew where to find them.
Q. From the prisoner. Was he asleep or awake when we rob'd him?
Eagan. I was awake when my breeches were pull'd off as I am now. I found two shillings of the money on the ground after they were gone.
Woodward Archer Harlow. As I was coming along Field lane, about half an hour after 11 o'clock at night, the prisoner and others were blasting their eyes; said I, you are a parcel of thieves, what do you do here at this time of the night? They gave me some saucy answer, so I laid hold on the prisoner and deliver'd him to the constable. Said the prisoner, I wish you had taken him that was along with me, you had then done the trick; and added, there is but one thing can hurt me; that was, that he and two or three more robb'd two people in two different haycocks, one of the men had a woman along with him. I took him to Bridewell, the prosecutor came and challeng'd him with the breeches, and 8 s. 6 d. Said the prisoner, how can you say so much? I saw but threepence halfpenny. The prosecutor said before the Justice, the prisoner was the person that took his shoes, and the others took his breeches. The prisoner own'd to the taking two odd buckles, and one of his companions took the breeches.
The prosecutor gave no account of being put in bodily fear, the jury found the prisoner 


               guilty of felony, but not of the robbery
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


