





448. (M.) 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Day 
               



            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 8 s. one linen shirt, one linen shift, one cotton gown, and one linen apron
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bushel 
                  




                
            . August 15
.


                  Thomas 
                  Bushel 
               



            . I live in the parish of St. Ann's, Oxford-Road


; on or about the 15th of August, I was robb'd of the things mention'd in the indictment. The prisoner and I both lodge in the house of Mrs. Brown, have each a room on the same floor. Missing the things, I went to enquire at the pawn-broker's, and found they had taken in some goods in the name of 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Day 
               



            . I took out a warrant against the prisoner; she absconded for a night or two. After that she came home, and we took her to the round-house, and then to the justice, there she confessed she had taken the things mentioned out of my apartment, and where she pledged them. The justice granted a search warrant. She went with us and called for them. At Mr. Perry's we found a white apron, and the silver buckles at Mr. Carr's, and a shirt and gown at 
               
                  Aaron 
                  Resdel 
               



            's, the shift at another pawnbroker's but he is not here, his name is Pardy. All produced in court and deposed to.
Q. Were all these things taken out of your apartment ?
Bushel. They were.


                  Joshua 
                  Perry 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This linen apron was pledged with me by the prisoner for 2 s. on the 2 d of July.


                  Charles 
                  Carr 
               



            . The prisoner brought these silver buckles to my house, August the 12th, and had 3 s. lent her upon them.


                  Aaron 
                  Rosdel 
               



            . The gown and shirt were brought to me and pledged by the prisoner at the bar.
Prisoner's defence.
I was egged on to do it by being made full of liquor.
To her Character.


                  Mary 
                  Randolph 
               



            . I have known the prisoner upwards of four years; she is a very honest person, and gets her living by plain work.


                  Edward 
                  Whittal 
               



            . I have known her about eight or nine years; she had always a good character.



                  Thomas 
                  Mumpford 
               



            . I have known her about two years; I never knew any harm by her.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


