






327, 328. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Elkins 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty thousand of naiLs, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Adams 
                  



                
            , August 10

. And 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Martin 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            . ||


                  Samuel 
                  Adams 
               



            . I am a builder
, and live in St. James's



. I lost out of my compting-house upwards of twenty thousand of nails, lath nails, four penny brads, two penny nails, &c. some of them I lost on the 8th, 9th and 10th of August last. The prisoner Elkins was my servant ten weeks, and was discharg'd my service a fortnight and three days before he was detected in this robbery.
Q. When did you miss them?
Adams. I never miss'd them till he was taken on the 10th of August. I saw him in the custody of Mr. Johnson. he was brought back with the nails on his shoulder; he confessed to me that he stole them from me, and that he had stole others on the 8th and 9th.
Q. What was the weight of the nails that he was detected with?
Adams. Thirty-six pounds, they were tied up in an apron. He confessed he had sold the others to the other prisoner Martin, and that he lived in High-street, St. Giles's, near the pound. I had a search warrant, and found them there.
Q. Can you swear to any of them?
Adams. I can to the lath nails that I saw there.
Q. When did you search his house?
Adams. I think it was on the Monday following, the day that we detected the boy ( the nails produced in court;) these (laying his hand on a parcel) are the nails that Elkins rob'd me of on the 10th of 
               
                  August 
                  The 
               



             whole that I found in divers parcels at Martin's house are three quarters of a hundred, seven pounds and two ounces.
Q. In what part of his house did you find them?
Adams. In the back part of his house, on the ground floor, in the very same place the other prisoner had before told us of.
Q. Were they conceal'd?
Adams. No, they were not.
Q. How long had the prisoners been taken up before you searched Martin's house?
Adams. They had been in consinement a week.

Q. By what marks can you swear to these nails ?
Adams. I had a large parcel, 27 l. worth; the man who I had them of sold me these nails, a great deal bigger than common, which no body in London uses; he saw I did not much understand it.
Q. Is there no trade uses such nails as these ?
Adams. Yes there are; but there are just the size of them I have at home.
Cross Examination.
Q. Where had you these nails from?
Adams. The man had them in town, and sold them to me.
Q. Can you point out any mark upon any nail here, by which you know it.
Adams. Only by the size.


                  Benjamin 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Adams, we had a suspicion of the prisoner's coming for nails with a false pretence; and on the 10th of August we catch'd him, by watching him as he was coming from the prosecutor's shop, between ten and eleven o'clock, he had thirty-six pounds weight of nails on his head, apron and all. We brought him back and examin'd him, he pretended some workmen had sent him for the nails, but after much equivocation, he confessed he was going to sell them to the other prisoner Martin.
Q. Did you see where he brought the nails from?
Johnson. I saw him come with them out of my master's shop, and he confessed he took them from out of the shop. I ask'd him what he did with the nails he took the day before, he said he sold them to Martin. Then I ask'd him what he did with what he took the day before yesterday. He said he sold them to Martin, and that he never sold any to any body else. I was with the constable in apprehending Martin. The boy told us he could go and sell the nails that we took him with to Martin. So we let him carry them, and the constable and I went with him.
Q. How far does your master live from Martin's house?
Johnson. My master lives in Rupert-street, about half a mile from Martin's. When we came to the house, the boy went to the door, the constable and a soldier went with him. I went to a public house over the way, and look'd out at the window, but could not hear what past. The boy put the nails on the bench, and ask'd for Martin, but I found Martin was not at home; they staid at the door while a man as I believe was sent for Martin. I saw a man go out, the boy staid without the door; when the prisoner Martin came home, the boy went into the shop after him with the nails, and in about five minutes I went over to them, and found the constable had the two prisoners in custody.


                  Robert 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I am a constable. I went with the boy at the bar to Martin's house, but Mr. Martin was not at home. I staid, I believe, half an hour or better, while, I believe, the prisoner Martin was sent for. When he came the boy went into his shop with him, and laid the nails down on the floor. I stood at a pattern shop next door, unseen by Martin. The soldier, who was at a little distance, came to me and said there is a back door, perhaps he may go out there; I will stand so as to observe him, and do you watch my motion, for if he attempts that, I'll give you notice.
Q. Who speak first when Martin came home; the boy to him or he to the boy?
Johnson. I can't say which. Presently after they were in the shop, the soldier gave me notice that they were talking together about the nails, so I went directly into the shop; said I to the boy, what are you doing here my lad? nothing said Martin. The nails were lying on the floor, and Martin had the scales in his hand. The boy said I am come to this man with these nails. Said I, have you sold him any before? He said, yes. Martin said, you rogue, I never saw you before in my life. We took them both before the justice. About a week after which we had a search warrant, and found all the nails in his house that are mention'd in the indictment.
Elkins's Defence.
One 
               
                  Richard 
                  Throwd 
               



             sent me for these nails first of all. I never was in Mr. Martin's house before, nor never sold him any, neither did I receive any money of him; it was Mr. Adams's foreman that carried me to Martin's house. I did not know where they were taking me to.
Martin's Defence.
I did not know what the boy had got. The constable ask'd me if I knew the boy, or if I had bought any nails of him before. I told him I never had, nor did I know what he had got; then he told me he was a constable.
For Elkins.


                  John 
                  Alcock 
               



            . I live near Elkins's mother, and have known him these five years.
Q. What is his general character?

Alcock. He is a very honest lad as far as I know.
Q. What did he do for his livlihood?
Alcock. He used to serve the plaisterers.


                  Edward 
                  Riley 
               



            . I have known the boy better than six years. I never knew any ill of him in the course of my life; he always had a good character?


                  Joseph 
                  Austin 
               



            . I have known him about half a year; I never heard any thing bad of him in my life.


                  Ann 
                  Elkins 
               



            . I am his mother. I never heard any thing of him but what was just and honest.


                  John 
                  Malone 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was eight years old; he was always just and honest.
Rose Riley. I have known him four years. I know nothing by him but what is honest.
For Martin.


                  Samuel 
                  Oaks 
               



            . I was at Martin's house, who was out when the boy was there. I staid till he came in, and when he came in I did not hear him talk one word to the boy. In about two minutes the constable came in, while Martin was talking to me. I have known him five years; he is a very honest man.
Q. What is he?
Oaks. He is a carpenter. He work'd for my father about three or four years ago.
Q. What is his general character?
Oaks. I never heard any thing amiss of him.
Q. Did you see the boy come there first?
Oaks. I did. He put the nails down and ask'd for Martin.
Q. Do you live with Martin?
Oaks. No, I do not.
Q. What was your business there?
Oaks. I went for some brass work for a buroe that I bought of him, which he deliver'd to me.
Q. Did you see Martin take down his scales?
Oaks. No, I did not.
Q. Did you ever see that boy before that time?
Oaks. No, never.


                  Thomas 
                  Dobson 
               



            . I live at the first house in Oxford Street. I have known Martin four years. He has done several jobs for me as a carpenter.
Q. What is his general character?
Dobson. I never heard any thing amiss of his character before he was taken up for this affair.


                  John 
                  Harris 
               



            . I am a master taylor, and live in Berwick-Street. I have known Martin seven years, during which time I never heard the least dishonest thing by him. I always look'd upon him to be an honest man.


                  John 
                  Lankford 
               



            . I have known Martin better than three years.
Q. What is his general character?
Lankford. That of an honest man so far as I know; I always look'd upon him as such. He has had men at work at my house in the carpenter's way; sometimes he has work'd as master, and sometimes as servant.


                  Edward 
                  Pain 
               



            . I am an officer in the excise, and have known Martin about thirteen or fourteen years.
Q. What is his general character ?
Pain. He appear'd to me, in all stations that I knew him in, to be a very honest man. He is a carpenter. I knew him a publican, and when he was both master and servant; I never heard the least thing amiss of him.


                  John 
                  Gray 
               



            . I have known him nine or ten years; he is a very honest hard working man.
Elkins, 

               guilty
            .
Martin, 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


