






6, 7. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Lee 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     McCay 
                  , otherwise 
Selby




            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing ten 36 s. pieces, 19 guineas, and four half guineas, the money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wimble 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Nov. 9
. * 
John Wimble. The two prisoners came into the house where I was drinking.
Q. Where.
J. Wimble. It was at the Chequers in the Ambury.
Q. When?
J. Wimble. This was on the last Lord-Mayor's day at night; I went with them from the Chequers to a room belonging to one of them about 11 at night.
Q. What time did you go to the Chequers ?
J. Wimble. I believe I went in there between 7 and 8.
Q. What time did the prisoners come into your company?
J. Wimble. I believe that was hard upon ten.
Q. What did you lose?
J. Wimble. I lost ten 36 s. pieces, 19 guineas, and 4 half guineas; it was wrapt up in a rag, one piece over another, and put into an old silk handkerchief, and put into my fobb-pocket.
Q. Can you say you had this money in your pocket when you went into the Chequers ?
J. Wimble. Yes.
Q. Can you say you had it when the prisoners came into your company?
J. Wimble. Yes.
Q. You say you went with them to a room, were room ?
J. Wimble. No, there were none but they and I.
Q. Are you sure you had it in your pocket when you was in that room?
J. Wimble. I am sure I had.
Q. How long did you stay together.
J. Wimble. '
               
                  Till
               


             I fell asleep, and I awak'd between 4 and 5 the next morning, then my money was gone.
Q. Where were the prisoners when you awaked ?
J. Wimble. McCay was in the room with me, but the other was gone.
Q. Have you ever found any of your money since ?
J. Wimble. No, not one shilling of it.
Q. What did McCay say for herself when you said your money was gone?
J. Wimble. She said Hush; and immediately fled out of the room, and was taken at the Coach and Horses in King's-Street; we took her before Justice Wright.
Q. What did she say there?
J. Wimble. She said, 
               
                  Becky 
                  Lee 
               



             had robb'd me and was gone off with the money; after that Lee was taken up by Tower-hill, but I was not by when she was examined; I went to her in New-prison, but she would not confess.
Q. Did you go to bed in that room?
J. Wimble. No, I slept on the bed in my cloaths.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Grateman 
               



            . 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Lee 
               



             came between 12 and 1 in the morning, the day after Lord-Mayor's day; she had a little bit of candle in her hand, she pull'd out of her bosom two guineas and four or five shillings in silver, and said she had made a little sort of a move.
Q. What did you understand by that expression ?
E. Grateman. By her showing me the money, I supposed she had robb'd some man of it.
Q. Did she mention where she got it?
E. Grateman. No, not till I was taken in trouble with her, at the Tower; and when we were in confinement, she told me it was done in the new way in the Ambury; and she said 
               
                  Mary
               


             McCay was along with her, it being done in her room.
you a day at night I broke a little loose seeing the show; I happened to come into the Chequer ale-house in the Ambury, where this man was sitting by the fire-side; I call'd for half a quartern of gin between Lee and me; he got up and ask'd her to drink, she drank to me, he call'd for another pint of beer, and ask'd her several questions, then we sat down in company, he ask'd her to go home: No, said she, I don't want any company at all; I took my candle and went home, and he follow'd us to the door; then he came in and flung six-pence down on the table, and said he had no more money in the world; but he would give us that to have to say to us both. Then he sent out Lee for a pot of beer and a halfpenny candle, she came and returned the two-pence-halfpenny to him.
Lee's defence. We had some gin together, after that he gave us a pint of beer, then he follow'd us home, and toss'd down a six-pence, and sent for a pot of beer and a halfpenny candle. I fetch'd it, and gave him the two-pence-halfpenny out of it, he wanted to have to do with us both.
For McCay,


                  Sarah 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I have known McCay from a baby, she is a very honest woman as ever I knew in my life.


                  Robert 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I have known 
               
                  Mary
               


             McCay about three years, she us'd to wash for me; I never knew any thing of her but what was very honest, that is, as to our dealings betwixt she and I.
Lee 


               guilty of felony only
            .
McCay 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


