





154. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Lokin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six yards of Brussels lace, value 20 s. two linen shirts, value 5 s. one linen waistcoat, one muslin handkerchief, one lawn apron, one cambrick apron, one lawn, handkerchief, one yard of lawn, one silver spoon, four muslin neckcloths, two damask napkins, one cotton bed gown, two linen aprons, and five shillings in money numbered, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Macdaniel 
                        




                      
                  , Nos, 9 ++
            



                  James 
                  Macdaniel 
               



            . I am a publican
, and live in St. Giles's


; the prisoner was a customer. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment. Mr. Woodward the constable sent for me, having the prisoner in custody. We took him before justice Fielding, where he confessed in my hearing, that he had given the piece of face and the lawn to a young woman and the two shirts, two aprons, and a handkerchief to a companion of his, who had pawn'd them for him. He mentioned their names, they were sent for and came; they are here, and will give a farther account.
David Spiret. I live at the corner of Crown Court. I took in a remnant of lace, fix yards of it, of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Davis 
               



            , on the 11th of October (produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Sarah 
                  Davis 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar made me a present of this lace on my Lord mayor's day, he told me he had it of a smuggler, and gave me also a piece of lawn.


                  Thomas 
                  Woodward 
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody on the 14th of last month. He confessed he sent Kenny to Mr. Bibby's to pawn some of these things, and he own'd that the neckcloth, which he had about his neck, was the property of the prosecutor, and that he stole the things mentioned from him.


                  Richard 
                  Munk 
               



            . I live with Mr. Bibby, a pawnbroker. On the 14th of November 
               
                  Luke 
                  Kenny 
               



             pawn'd with me two shirts, two aprons, and a handkerchief, for 7 s. (Producing them.)
Prosecutor. These things are my property, and what I lost at that time.
Prisoner's Defence.
The man that I had the lace of told me he belonged to a ship, I know nothing of the other things.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


