






222. (M.) 
               

                              Robert 
                              Finley 
                           



                         
                     
                  , and Judith 
                  his wife





            , were indicted, for that 


               they on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Anne 
                           Sennet 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, did make an assault, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and stealing from her person one 36 s. piece of gold, one 27 s. piece of gold, one 3 l. 12 s. piece of gold, and two guineas, the money of the said Anne, &c
            . June 19
. *
Anne Sennet. I came up to London to look for a daughter. I had been at London-bridge on Sunday last, and coming into St. Giles's, I went into an alehouse, this man at the bar was sitting there, he said I think you are a country woman of mine; I said I cannot tell that; he said he knew I was; then he asked me to drink with him; I said I had called for a pint, so as I had drank with him, I made him drink with me; then he said he had seen me at Derby, and desired I would call upon him at his lodgings, at one Mr. Welch's in Church-street


. This was about eleven o'clock on that Sunday night; I eat a little victuals with him; I said I wanted to buy a pair of shoes; he said his wife wanted a pair too, but he could not afford to buy her a new pair, he would buy her a pair of second hand ones. We went and bought a pair of new for me, and a second hand pair for her. We walked about till night; he had seen me draw out half a guinea from my pocket, to pay for a reckoning. I was then for going to my lodgings, he said there were such riffraff sort of people about, that would rob me, and they carried me bodily up to their own garret, where they lay. When I saw what a poor sort of a destitute nasty place it was, I would not stay; then they said they would conduct me to where I lodged. They had made me pull my shoes and stockings off; I left my stockings behind me; they both came down stairs with me. When we were walking along, he put his hand into my pocket, and said you will be robbed, give me this money.
Q. What time was this?
Sennet. This was about eleven at night; I said no body will rob me.
Q. Did he take your money?
Sennet. He did, he took all I had, which was a 3 l. 12 s. a 36 s. and a 27 s. piece, and two guineas.
Q. Did you endeavour to prevent him?
Sennet. I did, from putting his hand in, but could not.
Q. Did you call out?
Sennet. I did not, I was afraid of being used ill, and being a stranger in the city, I desired him not to take my money.
Q. What country woman are you?
Sennet. I come from Liverpool. I went to my lodgings, and said nothing of it till morning, then I went to their lodgings, and the woman where they lodged, told me she believed they were run away, and that in her debt for a week's lodging. I ran out immediately, and by inquiring found one had gone from the door one way, the other the other way. I ran the way I was informed the man went, and soon met with them both together; he ran away upon seeing me; the woman got a parcel of woman to mob me, and there they spouted water upon me, and called me many such names, that I am ashamed to mention, so that I was ashamed to stay in the street. When I asked her where her husband was, she said he was here and there and every where. I insisted upon having my money, then she said her sister-in-law would help me to it. I went with her, and we found one who said she was her own sister; she gave her a very bad character, and would do nothing for her. I would not part with her.
Q. When was the man taken?
Sennet. He was taken last Sunday.
Q. Did the woman assist in the taking your money from you?
Sennet. She did, she got hold on me at the same time that he took it.
Q. from R. Finley. Did not I drink with you in Derbyshire ?
Sennet. I do not know that you ever did; you told me in London you had seen me at Derby.
R. Finley. She is as vile a drunken woman as any in England, she wanted to lie along with me, and my wife came and catched me upon her, in my room that night.
J. Finley. I did catch her and my husband in an indecent action.
Prosecutrix. These are all lies.


                  John 
                  Blyth 
               



            . I am a constable, last Sunday I was sent for to the house of one Flannagan, at the Hampshire hog, St. Giles's, there was the man at the bar; I was ordered to take him into custody, I searched him, and found a 36 s. piece and two guineas, (producing them) upon him, which he acknowledged to be the prosecutrix's money.
Q. Was the prosecutrix there at the time?
Blyth. She was.
Q. Had she charged him with robbing her?
Blyth. She had.
Q. What did the prisoner say for himself?
Blyth. He said she gave him the money. I asked him what he had done with the 3 l. 12 s. he said he had changed that in St. Paul's-churchyard, and it wanted 3 s. of weight; then I said what have you done with the 27 s. piece, he said he knew nothing of that.
R. Finley's defence.
The woman really gave me the money, she wanted me to leave my wife and child, and go and live with her.  R. Finley 


               guilty of felony only
            , and J. Finley 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


