





160. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Calwell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one copper tea kettle, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jackson 
                  




                
            , March 1
.


                  John 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I keep the tap at the Saracen's-head, Snow hill




; on the first of March I missed a copper tea kettle out of the tap-house.
Q. What was it worth?
Jackson. Half a crown. The next morning a watchman came to me and asked me if I had lost such a thing, I told him I had, he desired me to go with him to the constable's house, I went and found it to be mine, they had sent the prisoner to Wood-street Compter. I went before the sitting alderman and swore to my kettle (produced in court and deposed to) I know not how it was taken away, I had seen it but a little before I miss'd it.


                  Samuel 
                  Evans 
               



            . I am a watchman; a little after two o'clock on St. David's day in the morning, I found the prisoner lying under a bulk in the Fleet Market. I pulled him out, he had got this tea kettle tied under his coat, which was taken from him in the watch-house; the constable examined him, he said he had it at Knightsbridge, and was to carry it to the Swan at Islington. I left him with the constable and went out on my duty.


                  Edward 
                  Maschall 
               



            . I am the constable, the tea kettle here produced I took from the prisoner, it was tied under his coat. I told him he must go to the Compter, then he said he'd tell the truth if I would go by myself, which I did; then he said he had been at the Saracen's-head on Snow-hill, and seeing the tea kettle in the tap-room, and nobody being there, he brought it away.
Prisoner's Defence.
I don't know how I came by it, nor I don't know that I was there. I had lost my hat, and when the watchman pull'd me out I took up the kettle instead of my hat.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


