





403. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pound and fifteen ounces of greentea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Oram 
                  




                
            , May the 4th
. ++


                  William 
                  Oram 
               



            . The prisoner was my porter
, I am a grocer
 and live in Cheap-side


: On Saturday, the fourth of this instant May, about eleven o'clock at night, the prisoner had shut up my shop; my people below call'd him down, and desired I would search him; I laid hold of his collar, and said, Sam, are not you a sad rogue? He said, for God's sake have mercy on me, it is the first fact I ever committed. He lifted up the flap of his coat, and in his pocket was the tea: I weigh'd it, and it weigh'd one pound fifteen ounces. The other witness can give an account how he came by it.


                  Richard 
                  Blechyndon 
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Oram: On Saturday the 4th of this instant, my master desir'd I would go down below and see for some clean tea lead, and under the lead I found this parcel of tea concealed; I went up stairs, and fetch'd down the journeyman to let him see it; we both agreed to let it lie and see who would take it away, which we did after supper ; he and I watched, I saw the prisoner go down with a c andle, by which light I saw him go to the place; he came up again, and after he had shut up the shop he went down again with a candle; we look'd through the cellar window and saw him take the tea from thence; we let him come up stairs, and as he was going out of the house we stop'd him, he had it in his pocket.
Q. Did you hear him say any thing concerning this?
Blechynden. I heard him acknowledge to Mr. Oram, he would make him satisfaction, but I was sent to fetch a constable, and was not there all the time.
Q. to Mr. Oram. Did he say from whence he had taken the tea?
Mr. Oram. He pointed to a tea canister, and said, he had it there.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was going through St. Paul's church-yard, I met a sea-saring man, who asked me to buy some tea, saying, he wanted a little money, and would sell a pound or two very cheap; so he desired me to look at it, which I did, and bought it of him.
To his Character.


                  William 
                  Alexander 
               



            . The prisoner work'd with me some time, and I took him to be a very industrious honest man.


                  William 
                  Wilson 
               



            . The prisoner work'd with me as a porter, and behaved very well.
Mr. Turner. I have known him about five or six years, and never heard any ill of him; he lived eleven months with me as porter, and behaved very well.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


