






300, 301. (M.) 
               
                  John
                    Child
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Hall 
               



             , were indicted , for that they together with John Low, on the 2 d of March
, 


               about the hour of 8 it the night, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Capper 
                     




                    did break and enter, 8 handkerchiefs made of and muslin, value 22 s. linnen handkerchiefs, 31 kerchief seven handkerchiefs, the goods of the Charles, in his dwelling house, in the Liberty of Westminster, in the parish of St. Vest, Foster-lane, in St. Martins le Grand


, did steal, &c. 
            *
Charles Capper. On the 2d of May, about 8 in the evening, I was sitting in a little room joining to my shop, I heard the window break, I went into the shop, and saw the handkerchiefs move in the window; I unchained the door: there is a turning at the corner of my shop, that is call'd the New Rents; I went up that court after them; when I came almost to the upper end, I saw them push forward; I called out, stop thief; Child turned hastily to me, and said, where is he? where is he? which is he? I took hold on his collar, and said, I think you are one, I'll take you at a Venture.
Q. How many did you see?
Capper. I saw but two ; I took Child into my shop, and sent for a constable, and left him in his care, and went up to the Place where I took him, and there I found these handkerchiefs, and brought them into the shop. (Produced in court and deposed to)
Q. How far from your window did you find the handkerchiefs ?
Capper. About 100 yards off.
Q. Where did these handkerchiefs lie in your shop?
Capper. They had lain all that day in the window close to the glass for show. The prisoner at first, said, he was going home, and went there to ease himself, (it is thorough-fair) but when I found the handkerchiefs and shew'd them to him, he confess's, that he, the other prisoner, and one Low, had been together all day, that they had been to a person that owed Hall some money, and they could not get it, and Hall said, he would have money, or money's worth, before he went home. That he himself was not the man that broke the window, but he stood by and took the handkerchiefs after Hall had taken them out, and ran away with them. We took up Hall about 3 days after, and had him examin'd before the Justice; there I heard him confess, that he was a party concern'd in taking the handkerchiefs, saying he deliver'd them to Child.

John Whittaker. I am constable : on the 2d of March, about eight at night, I was sent for to the prosecutor's, there he had got Child; I took him to my own house, there being a mob about the door; I told him he had better tell the truth; said he, shall I not be committed to Newgate it I do: said I, if you are admitted an evidence you will not, then he said, 
               
                  John 
                  Low 
               



            , William Hall, and myself, had been together all that day, and was disappointed in taking some money due to Hall, and Hall said, he would have money or money's worth before he went home, that then Low said, I can help you to some handkerchiefs; then they went to Mr. Capper's shop: Hall said, before the justice, they walked three times by the shop before they had an opportunity, which they took as a coach was going by; then Low put on his glove and broke the glass, and Hall took out the handkerchiefs and gave them to Child: Child there said, he did not take them of Hall: Then Justice Fielding said, he would not admit any to be an evidence, for they both confessed the fact.


                  Charles 
                  Maynard 
               



            . I live over-against the prosecutor; I happened to be looking out at my window above stairs; about eight o'clock that night I saw three men by the prosecutor's window, two of them stood very close together, I heard the glass break, after they had broke the glass one of them put his arm one way and the other to break it on each side: two of them ran up the New-Rents, and the other was pulling at the window for a considerable time, I thought he was pulling at the iron bar that goes cross the window; there were a candle or two in the shop, and a lamp at the next shop, but I cannot take upon me to say, the prisoner's were two of them. I saw Mr. Capper come out of his little room into the shop, then the two were gone; then I went down stairs, and Child was taken by Mr. Capper and brought into his shop. He went on and confirmed the account given by the other two.
Child's Defence.
Monday is generally a loose day, I went to see a cozen of mine, and coming down St. Martin's-le-grand, I believe it might be about seven or eight o'clock; I went up this turning to ease myself, I saw two men push by me, before I had-buttoned my breeches up, they cried stop achieves, I said? which is he, which is he? the prosecutor said, I'll take care of you; to be sure I was in liquor, but as for owning any thing, I did not.
Hall's Defence.
I know nothing at all of the matter, I own'd nothing; I was not asked three question, and them that I was asked, Capper stood behind my shoulder and answered in my room.
To Hall's Character.


                  William 
                  Burton 
               



            . I have known Hall ever since he was a baby, I never knew any thing admiss of him.


                  Mary 
                  Sparks 
               



            . I have known him from his birth, he has a very good character.


                  George 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I have known him twelve or fourteen years; I have dealt with him for some pounds, he is very honest.


                  Martha 
                  Cordoroy 
               



            . I have known him from a child; I never heard he wrong'd any body in my life.


                  William 
                  Sewell 
               



            . I have known him from an infant, and have had dealings with him within this seven or eight months in fruit consigned to him and me, I always found him very just.


                  Thomas 
                  Bowman 
               



            . I have known him fifteen years, he always bore a good character.
Both 


               Guilty of Felony, Acquitted of the Burglary
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


