





205. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rose 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver sleeve buttons, val. 10 d. and three guineas
            , the goods and money of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ashley 
                  




                
            , spinster
, March the 4th
. +.


                  Mary 
                  Ashley 
               



            . I live in Great St. Andrew's-street


 near the Seven Dials, and am a servant
. I live with one Mr. Whittle, and the prisoner is a porter
 there. I miss'd the three guineas out of my box in the kitchen, and the prisoner having talked in the shop of buying things which we knew he could not afford to buy with his wages, I took him up on suspicion, but did not miss the sleeve buttons till the prisoner gave them to the constable, with the money, of which he returned all but three shillings. [The buttons and money produced in court.]


                  Thomas 
                  Ashley 
               



            . The prisoner came up into Mr. Whittle's shop, where I was at work, and there talked of buying such and such things, which every one thought he could not do with his wages; hearing that 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ashley 
               



             had lost the money he was suspected by every one of us.
Q. Is the last witness any relation to you?
T. Ashley. She is my sister; she lives servant, and I work journeywork there. The prisoner was called into the parlour to know whether he knew any thing of the matter, but he denied every thing till the constable was sent for, and then told where the money was laid, two guineas he had hid in the kitchen, and the rest in his bed-cloaths where he lodged.
Q. Did you find them where he told you?
T. Ashley. The buttons were found in his bed-cloaths, the prisoner said he took them, that they were the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ashley 
               



            , and that he took the money.
Thomas Green. I was present when the prisoner was apprehended, and heard him say that he took first of all one guinea and then two guineas.
Q. Where was this?
Green. In Mr. Whittle's parlour. He told them where to find two guineas, and they found them there. I went to the prisoner's lodging, where he opened the bed-cloaths and pulled out eighteen shillings, with a little box.
Q. Was you present then?
Green. I was.


                  Alexander 
                  Carnagy 
               



            . On the fourth of March I was sent for by one of the men that work for Mr. Whittle, who told me their maid servant had been robbed. I went, there was the prosecutrix, the prisoner at the bar, and more that were strangers to me; they accused the prisoner, who said the little boy took it; the boy being called up, he came crying and said he had no hand in it at all. They then had the prisoner down in the kitchen, where he confessed to me that the boy was innocent, and that he took the money out of the box himself. We found the two guineas where he said they were put. On my asking him where the other guinea was, he said he had changed it, but would sell his coat and make it up; I told him to return the remainder. We went into the room where he lodged; he put his hand into the bed and pulled out a box, in which were eighteen shillings, and a pair of buttons.
Q. Are these the buttons?
Carnagy. They are, and the same money.

Prisoner's Defence.
They frightened me to what I said. I did not own one thing of it, but said I knew nothing about it, and what I said was in a fright.
Q. to prosecutrix. What character has the prisoner?
M. Ashley. I knew nothing of dishonesty by him before this. He lived at our house about eight months; we have lost several things about the house, but never suspected him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


