






193, 194. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hoskins 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lloyd 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one iron chafing-dish, value 2 s. one thousand of iron nails, value 18 d. one stove-grate, value 13 s. one iron fender, value 1 s. one box-iron, value 4 s. 6 d. two pair of heaters, five gimless, eight files, one thousand of brass nails, one iron-hand-vice, two knots of jack-line, two balls of pack-thread, and one ring of of iron wire, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Molineux 
                        



                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said Richard
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , May 14

. + .


                  Edmund 
                  Chantrell 
               



            . Mr. deputy Molineux lives in Cateaton-Street, near Guildhall. I am constable and beadle of that ward. He having had an information sent to him, that one of his servants had robb'd him of goods, at several times; and that they might be found, as was suppos'd, in the house of 
               
                  Jeremiah 
                  Warren 
               



            , in Bridgewater-Gardens, Mr Molineux being out of town, Mrs Molineux desir'd me to go along with her to the Mansion-house, to get a search-warrant from my Lord Mayor; after which I and one of the deputy's servants, went in order to search the apartments in Mr Warren's house, belonging to the prisoner Lloyd. I found nothing in his chamber; but I found a padlock on a garret door. I ask'd whose room that was. Lloyd said, it was his room. I desir'd to look in it; he pull'd out a key and let me in. We search'd. It was a kind of a a lumber-room; there we found the things mentioned in the indictment, which I took an account of before his face.
Q. Mention them.
Chantrell. There were an iron chafing-dish, an iron stove-grate, one iron fender, one box iron, two pair of heaters, five gimlets, three papers of files, about a thousand of nails; an iron hand-vice, a parcel of brass rings, two knots of jack-line, two knots of pack-thread, and one ring of wire, part iron, and part brass. I ask'd him how he came by these things. He said, he had bought part of them of an Ironmonger in Barbican, and part of them at an Ironmonger's in Colman-street, and part in Morefields, and could bring the people of whom he bought them. I told him, I hop'd he would bring them along with him. Then I dispatch'd a constable that was with us to go and take the other prisoner.
Q. What was he?
Chantrell. He was a hired servant in Mr Molineux's house, in the capacity of a porter. Then the two prisoners at the bar were brought to the Mansion-house, before Sir Crisp Gascoyne and Mr Alderman Rawlinson; Hoskins acknowledg'd that he had stole all these things, at divers times; and that they were his master's property; and that he did it at Lloyd's infrigation: Sir Crisp ask'd him, if Lloyd gave him a valuable price for them; he said, some times he would give him six-pence; sometimes a shilling; and was very frequent in treating him with beer.
Q. Was Lloyd present at this time?
Chantrell. He was; and the goods were there also.
Q. Did Mr Molineux's servant swear to any of the goods?
Chantrell. He swore particularly to the iron chafing-dish; there was their own shop-mark upon it; and another servant was there, and he swore to the nails and gimblets, to be Mr Molineux's property, to the best of his knowledge: after that, Lloyd did acknowledge he had purchas'd the chasing dish and nails of Hoskins. Sir Crisp ask'd what he gave for them? He said 6 d. and two full pots of beer. Then Sir Crisp ask'd the servant, What these things were worth? He said, they stood his master in upwards of 4 s. Then Lloyd was order'd to withdraw, and Hoskins was examin'd. Hoskins acknowledg'd, he had carry'd 
               
                  Lloyd
               


             an iron stove-grate; and Lloy'd had given him four or five shillings for it. Lloyd was ask'd afterwards concerning the stove-grate; he said at first, he could bring the person he bought it of; but when he heard Hoskins say he sold it him, he acknowledg'd he had it of Hoskins. Then Sir Crisp committed one to the Poultry-Counter; and the other to Wood-street Counter.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did Lloyd very willingly show you the goods in the garret?
Chantrell. I told him the door must be open'd, and we rummag'd our selves.
Q. What did he say before he open'd the door?
Chantrell. He said, there was nothing there but what he could give an account of.


                  James 
                  Chaplin 
               



            . I am a servant to Mr Deputy Molineux: I went with Mr Chantrell to search, according to an information master had receiv'd concerning Hoskins's robbing of him. He confirmed the evidence given by Mr Chantrell, with this addition: that Lloyd would often come and drink with Hoskins; that the chasing dish was mark'd with chalk by his own hand; and he knew the nails to be his master's property, by the mark on the paper they were in, mark'd by the eldest apprentice; the gimblets were mark'd with the proper shop-mark; and that the stove-grate was worth fifteen or sixteen shillings; and that Hoskins had behaved well and honestly, to all appearance, 'till he got acquainted with Lloyd.


                  John 
                  Middleton 
               



            . I was sent for to the Mansion-house this day fortnight, when the two prisoners at the bar were under examination before Sir Crisp Gascoyne and Mr Alderman Rawlinson. I was ask'd if I knew any thing of them goods; I look'd over them, and found there were nothing mark'd by me, only one thousand of nails, and one single gimblet: the gimblets are commonly put in bundles of straw, a dozen in a bundle; I heard Hoskins own the taking of every thing; and that they were the property of my master Deputy Molineux.
Q. Was Lloyd by at the time?
Middleton. He was.
Q. What did Lloyd say upon his examination?
Middleton. He, on his first examination, denyed buying any thing of Hoskins; but said, he bought them at three different places: but after that, he own'd (when Hoskins said he sold them to him) that he bought every thing that was produc'd of Hoskins.
Q. Did you hear him say what he gave for them?
Middleton. Hoskins said, Lloyd gave him sometimes six-pence, sometimes a shilling; sometimes more, sometimes less.
Q. from Hoskins. How did I behave in my place?
Middleton. I know nothing bad of Hoskins, 'till this affair; nor never suspected him.
Cross examination.
Q. Do you know that there was such a stove-grate missing?
Middleton. No, I do not; probably there might be many lost, and we never miss them.


                  Jeremiah 
                  Warren 
               



            . I rent a house in Bridgewater-gardens; Lloyd lodg'd in my house; the prisoner Hoskins us'd to come and stand in the street, over-against the window where Lloyd lodg'd, and would call, (hollow, Lloyd) then the other would come down immediately and let him in; they would go up, and when they came down, Lloyd would say, Tom, when will you come again? I want such and such a thing; once he named a set of cannisters; said Hoskins, I cannot tell when I can come again, but as soon as possible I can, I will. The next time he came, he repeated the same, hollow, Lloyd, Lloyd at that time was very busy, having a carpenter making a bedstead in his room; he did not hear the first call.
Q. When was this?
Warren. I remember, the second time was on the nineteenth of March last; between the hours of eight and nine at night; Hoskins open'd my street-door and went up stairs; and staid a little while; then they both came down into my yard; there Hoskins took out a lock, from two sheets of paper.
Q. What sort of a lock was it?
Warren. It was a large street-door lock; he gave it to Lloyd; they tried it, to see whether the key went free or not; Hoskins said, you must go to a Smith; he will do it for you, for a pot of beer; there were two keys to it. Lloyd said, God bless you, my prince; Hoskins said, for the world, do not let the Carpenter see this lock: no, said the other, I'll take care he shall not see it; but when will you come again, my prince? They took their leave of one another; and parted; Lloyd carried the lock and put it openly in the garret, in a washing tub.
Q. How do you know that?
Warren. My wife and I went up stairs afterwards to satisfy ourselves in it; and there we saw it lying, with the two keys: Lloyd us'd generally to say; my prince, when will you come again? God bless you; I wish you a good night.
Q. Was you there at the time of searching?
Warren. I was.
Q. Was that lock found in the garret?
Warren. No; Lloyd took it out the morning after Hoskins left it; and where he carry'd it I do not know; he went with it into Red-cross-street; and came home without it.
Q. Did you see it when he carried it out?
Warren. I saw the shape of it in his apron.
Q. from Hoskins. Do not you think Lloyd made me in liquor several times?
Warren. No; I never saw that.
Q. Did you never hear him importune me to stay and drink?
Warren. Yes, I have; saying, you must and shall come up; and you have said, I dare not, I cannot stay.


                  Hannah 
                  Warren 
               



            . I am wife to the last witness; I have very often seen Hoskins come with something to Lloyd, in a sack; but what, I do not know; he us'd to call at the window, hollow, Lloyd; Lloyd us'd to come down, and oblige him to go up stairs.
Q. At what time of the day did he usually come?
H. Warren. Always in the evening, or in the morning.
Q. For how long time has he made a practice in coming to Lloyd?
H. Warren. He has come too-and-again to him, for upwards of ten months: he came one Sunday morning between four and five; and call'd at the window, as before; and we were all in bed; his usual time in the morning, was about five, or betwixt four and five; and on evenings, he us'd to come at nine, ten, or eleven o'clock; I remember that Sunday morning, which was in February, I got up and open'd my door a-jar; I saw a ring of iron wire, with some brass wire, on the inside; he carried in into Lloyd's room, and left it there; Lloyd came out again, and let him out at the door, and told him he wanted some brass rings; and ask'd him if he had any in his master's shop.
Q. What sort of rings?
H. Warren. They were to put upon curtains: Hoskins told him, there were some in his master's shop, and he would bring him some; Lloyd said, when? he said, he could not tell; he ask'd him to come on the Wednesday and Saturday night; he said he could not, because he had his master's shop to clean out; but would come as soon as he could: I once saw the shape of a round fender, in a bag, on Hoskins's back; which he carried through the entry up stairs to Lloyd; and always when he came, he used to make him punch or give him drams or fetch strong beer for him; Hoskin's was always very fearful of seeing me, he used to slide out and hang down his head.
Cross Examination.
Q. How do you know he has given him punch and such liquors you have mentioned?
H. Warren. I have seen him fetch punch and strong beer when Hoskins has come on nights, and have seen punch on his table afterwards; and heard Lloyd say he should stay and drink a little tiff with him.
Q. Have you ever been in the room at such a time?
H. Warren. No: but the door has been ajar, and I have look'd in.
Hoskins's defence.
This man first inticed me, by getting me in liquor; I'll do myself justice, I have taken many a thousand pounds for my master, and never mole a mistake in my life.
To his character:


                  Jonathan 
                  Delver 
               



            . I have known Hoskins ever since he was a boy; I was born in the same place where he was, at Hays in Kent; he first went to service to a farmer were he behav'd himself very well, and his master gave him a good character; afterwards he came to London to Mr Deputy Molineux's, who lik'd him very well, and behaved honest and sober.


                  William 
                  Ashby 
               



            . I have known him ten or a dozen years, and lived near him in the country.
Q. What is his general character?
Ashby. He had a very good character; I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life 'till now.
Q. Where do you live?
Ashby. I live at Hays.


                  Samuel 
                  Kingswood 
               



            . I have known him ten or dozen years: I come from Tunbridge: the prisoner did live servant with a Maltman and Brewer there, he always behaved himself very well there; I have often heard that master say, he was a very industrious servant; I never heard before this, but that he always behav'd well wherever he lived.
Lloyd's defence.
As I was a new beginner in the world this Hoskins living in the neighbourhood, he came to see me several times as an old acquaintance; I treated him with the best my poor lodgings would afford I ask'd him if any body in the shop sold a stove; he made reply, if I wanted any thing of this kind, he would get it of the maker at the same price his master was served; he brought me a stove without a back; I ask'd him what it came too; he said, give me seven shillings; our Backmaker lives in Morefields, I'll get a back to it; he brings a back about an inch too wide; if it would not do, said he, I'll leave this back here and bring another; and then the stove and back would come to twelve shillings; then I gave him five shillings more. One night, about a week or a fortnight after, he and 
               
                  Peter 
                  Riley 
               



             a Carpenter, brought a back and fitted it on to the stove, and carried the other away; another time one 
               
                  William 
                  Eades 
               



             came along with Hoskins; they brought some wire with them; I wanted about two yards of wire for a little short curtain; he left half with me, and said, here is enough to serve you seven years, and the other half he carried away with him; he said, any thing that I wanted at any time I should have at prime cost, from the maker as his master had; upon these conditions I returned him thanks, and took him to be a sincere honest man, and treated him as such. I bought a chafing-dish of him; I told him I had no more money in my pocket but a shilling, and I paid him seven-pence half-penny towards the reckoning; and said, I'll pay you the remainder the next time I see you; I paid for every thing time after time.
Hoskins. He never gave me the seven shillings.
For Lloyd.


                  William 
                  Eades 
               



            . I have drank with the two prisoners at a publick house; I went with Hoskins to Lloyd's once; he carried some wire with him.
Q. What quantity?
Eades. I cannot tell.
Q. What did Hoskins say to you at that time?

Eades. He said nothing to me only he was going to carry some wire there.
Q. Was you in Lloyd's room with him?
Eades. I was.
Q. Had you any conversation with them about the wire?
Eades. No, neither did I hear any: nothing said, nor nothing paid.
Q. What was done with the wire?
Eades. It was put into a room by Hoskins; he said, here is some wire.
Q. What time was this?
Eades. This might be about nine at night, about four or five months ago.
Q. Where did you go from with it?
Eades. I went from the Daggers with Hoskins, that is near his master's.
Q. Did Hoskins carry it open?
Eades. He did.
Q. Who called at the window to Lloyd ?
Eades. Hoskins did.
Q. What words did he make use of?
Eades. I do not know.
Q. How long have you known Lloyd?
Eades. I have known him a year and a half.
Q. What is his character?
Eades. I never heard any thing amiss of it: he was always a very good natured civil man.


                  Thomas 
                  Dabbs 
               



            . I have known Lloyd about twelve months, he work'd in a ware-house were I work'd; he was servant to 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Chambers 
               



            .
Q. What has been his behaviour?
Dabbs. All the time he work'd with me there he did his business as other men, and bore a very good character.
Q. What is your business?
Dabbs. I am in the bed way for shipping.
Q. How long did Lloyd work there?
Dabbs. I cannot justly say: I believe near a year; he behaved very honest as far as I know.


                  Phillis 
                  Ives 
               



            . I have known him four years.
Q. What is his general character ?
Ives. Always a very honest sober industrious man; as to the stove, I saw it standing there myself in the room for some months; as for the sender he bought that in Morefields.
Q. Was it a straight or a round one?
Ives. A straight one.
Q. What are you?
Ives. I am a working woman; I work for my bread at my needle.


                  Christopher 
                  Nicholson 
               



            . I have known him upwards of three years.
Q. What is his general character?
Nicholson. A very honest industrious sober man; he work'd in the India ware-house in the bed way.


                  Susannah 
                  Freeman 
               



            . I have known Lloyd two years.
Q. What is his character?
Freeman. He is a very honest man, an industrious man.
Q. What is your employ?
Freeman. I make hats.


                  John 
                  Read 
               



            . I have known Lloyd from about Christmas last; he came to me to buy a bed ticking, and said, he was going to house-keeping; I set him the price and he thought he could buy one cheaper, but he came again two or three days after and gave me my price; I never heard any thing amiss of him.
Q. Do you live in his neighbourhood?
Read. No, I do not.


                  Robert 
                  Pryer 
               



            . I have known Lloyd upwards of a year.
Q. What is his general character?
Pryer. A very honest man, as far as ever I heard; I live in his neighbourhood.
Q. What are you?
Pryer. I am a Carpenter.
Hoskin's 


               guilty of stealing, but not in the shop
            .
Lloyd 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


