





516. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Carrol 
                     Phenix 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, val. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Hezekiah 
                  Senecal 
               




             , Sept. 22
 ++
Hezekiah Senecal. On the 22d of September, as I was coming along Ludgate Hill


, between two and three in the afternoon, I stood to look at a picture shop. The prisoner came and stood close by me. By the time I had been there two minutes I saw a handkerchief like mine hang below the prisoner's coat. I felt and miss'd mine ; I had wiped my nose but about four or five minutes before. Then I took hold on the prisoner and said, You rascal, you have picked my pocket of my handkerchief: he said, No indeed, nor I, then he shifted the handkerchief from one side to the other under his coat, and ran up to a post where a man stood, and dropped it; he then held out his hands, and said, You see I have never a handkerchief.
Q. Did you see him drop it?
Senecal. I did; I took it up, and took hold of him again. The mob gathered together, and said, Duck him. I said he should not be ducked, but should be carried before a magistrate. The handkerchief produced in court, and deposed to.


                  Samuel 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I was standing at my father's door. He is an oilman on Ludgate Hill. At this time I saw the prosecutor take hold of the prisoner at the bar, and say. You picked my pocket of my handkerchief. I saw a handkerchief under the prisoner's coat; a good piece of it hung down.
Q. What colour was it?
Hudson. It was a blue one. I saw a fellow at a post. The prisoner slipped the handkerchief on the other side and got near the post, seeming as if he in ended to give it to the man that stood there: it fell down, the prosecutor took it up, and secured him.
William I obick, a person going by at the time, confirmed the account before given.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going of an errand for my mother. Coming towards Ludgate, I stopped to see a picture shop; a gentleman took me up, and said. A thief, a thief! He has picked my pocket. Said I, I am sure I have not. He shuffled round me. There was a handkerchief lay on the ground. Then they lugged me away.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


