





24. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Robinson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one basket, value 3 d. and seventy two drinking glasses, value 27 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Windle 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Quinton 
                  



                
            , Nov. 1
. ++
At the desire of the prisoner the witnesses on both sides were examined apart.


                  James 
                  Hambleton 
               



            . I have been acquainted with the prisoner at the bar about three years; he lived just by the glass-house, and was a servant
 to the prosecutors.
Q. In what capacity?
Hambleton. He was sometimes packer, and sometimes porter.
Q. Have you any particular place for packing up goods?
Hambleton. Sometimes they are packed up in the warehouse, and sometimes in the yard. About seven or eight weeks ago the prisoner and I took out glasses several times, and carried them away.
Q. What quantity at a time?
Hambleton. I cannot directly say how many; I know he took six dozen and brought them to my house at night about eight or nine o'clock, and left them there with my wife; I was not at home.
Q. Then how do you know that he carried them to your house?
Hambleton. I found them there when I came home; they were packed up before to be brought, and it was the same basket which I saw packed.
Q. Did any of your master's people know of his bringing them away?
Hambleton. No.
Q. What were they worth per dozen?
Hambleton. They were worth four shillings and six-pence per dozen, they were the best glasses.
Cross Examination.
Q. Was it not his business to pack up glasses to send to customers?
Hambleton. It was.
Q. Has not your master a variety of baskets belonging to his warehouse?
Hambleton. Yes, he has a great many dozen.
Q. Can you swear positively that was the same basket which you saw pack'd before, as you speak of?
Hambleton. I cannot say it was the same basket; they were the same goods.
Q. Is not one glass like another?
Hambleton. Yes.
Q. Can you swear to one particular basket from the rest?

Hambleton. We cannot, but I am very confident this basket is what I saw in my master's warehouse, which was brought to my house.
Q Was you not once in Newgate?
Hambleton. No, never in my life.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hambleton 
               



            . I have known the prisoner a good many years.
Q. Do you remember his bringing glasses to your house
E. Hambleton. I do, several times.
Q. When was the last time that he brought some?
E. Hambleton. He brought a little basket to our house about two months ago; there were glasses in it.
Q. What became of them?
E. Hambleton. Mrs. Hart, a Jew woman, came and fetched them away.
Q. How long had they been at your house before she came?
E. Hambleton. They did not stay long before she came. She brought her maid (named Brown) along with her sometimes, but she took these away herself.
Q. Do you know what money was paid for them?
E. Hambleton. No, I do not; the prisoner has brought several dozen of glasses in his pockets at dinner and supper times to our house.
Q. What sort of glasses?
E. Hambleton. Drinking glasses.
Q. How often?
E. Hambleton. A number of times, but I cannot tell how many indeed; he has brought half a dozen at a time.
Cross Examination.
Q. What is your husband?
E. Hambleton. He is sometimes one thing, and sometimes another; he did work there.
Q. What sort of a basket was it which the prisoner brought to your house?
E. Hambleton. It was a little basket.
Q. How many glasses were there in it?
E. Hambleton. I cannot tell.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner brought the glasses to your house?
E. Hambleton. I am sure he packed them up to bring.
Q. By what are you sure?
E. Hambleton. Because I heard my husband say so.
Q. Can you tell who brought them?
E. Hambleton. Upon my word I cannot tell who brought them, whether my husband or the prisoner, for they were both together when that was brought; but it is out of my power to tell how many basket of glasses they brought in all.
Council Your husband just now denied bringing the last basket.
E. Hambleton. That basket Robin brought I am sure.
Q. When was that brought?
E. Hambleton. I cannot tell that; the prisoner has often told me he has packed up glasses to bring, and has laughed and said, he would not have his late wife know of it, for she would tell.
Q. Who came with Robin when he brought the basket?
E. Hambleton. I cannot tell, he came to me and told me he had left a little basket, and that the Jew woman was to come and fetch it away.
Q. Where was you when he brought it in?
E. Hambleton. I was then in the kitchen, and he put it in the shop.
Q. Could you in the kitchen see what was done in the shop?
E. Hambleton. I believe it was night.
Q How far is your kitchen from the shop?
E. Hambleton. It is just by.
Q. Did the prisoner bring that basket you speak of alone?
E. Hambleton. There came none but himself, and my husband followed him a little after.
Q. How came you to let the baskets be brought to your house?
E. Hambleton. Because they made a frequent practice of it.
Q. For what purposes were they brought there?
E. Hambleton. Because they were stolen goods.
Q. Was you present when Mrs. Hart took that basket and glasses away?
E. Hambleton. I was.
Q. By whose order was that?
E. Hambleton. By Robin's order; they used both to go together. He used to come to our house on Sunday mornings, and take my husband with him to Mrs. Hart's.
Q. How do you know that?
E. Hambleton. Because my husband has told me so, and I have seen them go together.
Q. Was not your husband committed to prison once?
E. Hambleton. No, never in his life; he was never in custody before this.
Q. Was not you once in Newgate?

E. Hambleton. I was, for buying two pounds and a half of sugar in my own shop.
Q. Did not your husband run away for it?
E. Hambleton. No.


                  Mary 
                  Brown 
               



            . I did live servant with Mrs.. Hart, and have been at Hambleton's house with her twice, to fetch-away glasses; she used to hire me as a chairwoman, and to work plain work.
Q. How many glasses can you say there were?
M. Brown. I believe about nine or ten dozen.
Q. When was the last time that you fetched glasses from thence?
M. Brown. I believe it is about a year ago, or better; she has gone on above a year and half buying of these people.
Q. What people?
M. Brown. These three people, Swingwood, the prisoner, and Hambleton: I have been with her to all their houses, have seen her pay for them, and take them away.
Q. Where did Mrs. Hart live?
M. Brown. She lived in Gravel Lane, Houndsditch.
Q. What did she use to do with the glasses?
M. Brown. She used to bring them home to her house, and sell them to Jews that hawk about the streets; she is a Jew.
Q. What did she use to give for them?
M. Brown. She used to give two shillings per dozen for what she had of Swingwood, and half a crown for what she had of Robinson; I have seen it paid to Robinson in his own house.
Q. Did you know where they were brought from?
M. Brown. I saw the prisoner come out of the glass-house with some in his pocket, from Mr. Quinton's back gate, by his garden, and deliver them to Mrs. Hart.
Q. How long is that ago?
M. Brown. That is about ten months ago.
Q. How do you know they were Mr. Quinton's glasses?
M. Brown. I knew he worked there. When I went once with Mrs. Hart he said,
"Why do you bring this person with you; can she keep a secret?"She answered, I know her very well, for she has been with me so long, she will not tell. I did not know that the glasses were stolen till that time he came out of his master's gate with some. When I came home, I said to Mrs. Hart, I fancy he does not come honestly by them, or why did he ask you whether I could keep a secret.
Mr. Windle. All these glasses, manufactured at our glass-house, are my partner's and my property.
Q. Was the prisoner your servant?
Windle. He was
Q. Did you ever give him leave to carry out glasses to sell?
Windle. No; there never were such privileges given to any of our servants; he has sometimes had bills and receipts with him, to bring the money for them, but he never carry'd any out to sell by our order.
Cross Examination.
Q. Do you know, of your own knowledge, any of these glasses, which the witnesses have been speaking of, to be your property?
Windle No, for I saw nothing; I only speak by the information of other people.
Q. Did you trust the prisoner to carry out glasses?
Windle. I did, as a porter, and he was to deliver those glasses to the people where the bills mentioned.
Q. Might not these be glasses which you delivered to him for that purpose?
Windle. I apprehend not.
Q. How long has he lived with you?
Windle. I cannot say exactly, but I look upon it to be three or four years.
Q. How has he behaved?
Windle. He behaved very well, as we thought, till about three or four months ago, when we had occasion to suspect him.
Q. Upon whose information?
Windle. Upon his not giving an account to us when we asked him concerning the glasses which were stolen. There was one Levi, a Jew, who was another servant of ours, as a labourer, had told the prisoner if he would get glasses out of our warehouse, he would sell them for him; and he never told us of it, which was his duty, being our servant. We have suspected the prisoner above twelve months, but we never could catch him before, so we were obliged to abide by the loss.


                  Thomas 
                  Quinton 
               



            . I am joint partner in this manufactory with Mr. Windle.
Q. Did you ever give orders to any of your servants to carry out glasses to sell?
Quinton. No, never; neither are there any among us that give orders to any servant so to do.
Cross Examination.
Q. What was the prisoner in your service?
Quinton. He was packer, and used to carry out parcels of glasses to customers, with bills and receipts at the bottom; to receive the money for small parcels; but this was but very few times.
Q. How came you to apprehend he was concerned in stealing glasses?
Quinton. I had reason to suspect him; some time ago we lost a box of glasses, so I took him along with me to examine some that we suspected; I looked at them, and told the prisoner that the greatest part of those goods were mine. He looked at them, and said he did not think they were. I said, do you not remember this and the other remarkable glass? He said, no, he did not think they were ours, which made me suspect he was concerned in the thing, and from that time I had a bad opinion of him.
Q. Did you ever find any glasses upon him?
Quinton. No, I never did, nor in his house.
Q. Did you ever see him take any away?
Quinton. No.
Q. When this charge was made against the prisoner, did not you disbelieve it, from his former behaviour?
Quinton. I did disbelieve it at first.
Q. Even after the information you had received, was you not desirous of still keeping him in your warehouse?
Quinton. I'll tell you the reason of that; I said, Robin, there is an information against you that you have been concerned in stealing glasses and things from us a great while, on which he cry'd and seem'd to take on terribly; he said he never saw any thing taken, and that now as his character was gone how should he get his bread.
Q. Who did you receive the information from?
Quinton. From 
               
                  Mary 
                  Brown 
               



            , the witness; upon which I took three of my servants up, and Hambleton turn'd evidence.
Q. Was not the prisoner desirous of seeing his accuser face to face?
Quinton. I mentioned Levi to him and said, Bring him to me, and let us see you face to face; he said, if Levi was above ground he would bring him, but he never did, tho' he had opportunities enough; Levi is since run away, but he was not for three weeks after I mentioned him to the prisoner. Levi came to me one Saturday night, and said here I am, why will not Robin take me up, saying also he durst not.
Prisoner's Defence.
As to that woman 
               
                  Mary 
                  Brown 
               



            , I do not know I ever saw her in my life till before justice Fielding; I brought Levi into the warehouse, but my master was not there, and I had no opportunity since; as to the case of the glasses, I was not there when the fact was committed, and I suppose they exasperated my master against me, because I would not swear to the thing I was not privy to.
To his Character.


                  William 
                  Bursley 
               



            . I have known the prisoner eight or nine years, at Newcastle upon Tyne.
Q. What is his general character?
Bursley. I never heard it stain'd in my life: he went under he character of a very honest industrious man, and work'd as a packer to Mr. Bates at Newcastle; he in liquor one day enter'd as a soldier, and I have heard Mr. Bates say he was sorry when he went away.
Q. to Mr. Quinton. Did you know him at Newcastle ?
Quinton. Yes.
Q. What character did he bear there?
Quinton. I never heard any thing amiss of him there.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since I can remember any thing.
Q. How has he behaved?
Smith. He always had a good character.
Mrs. Smith. I have known him 16 years.
Q. What is his general character?
Mrs. Smith. A very good one.


                  James 
                  Harris 
               



            . I am paymaster serjeant, and have known the prisoner 4 or 5 years; he behaved extreamly well as a soldier, and was trusted in the store-room, where there is money and things; he always behaved as an honest man, and is now a soldier.


                  John 
                  Caunt 
               



            . I have known him ever since I can remember, and never heard any thing amiss of him before this.


                  Richard 
                  Curtise 
               



            . I belong to the same company as the prisoner does, and have known him 4 or 5 years; he always behaved as became a soldier.
Q. What is his general character?
Curtise. I never heard any thing amiss of him till now
John Ingleton. I have known him about 11 years.
Q. What is his character?
Ingleton. I work'd some years with him in the same shop at Newcastle, and never heard a bad character of him before.


                  Mary 
                  Ingleton 
               



            . I have known him 11 years, his character is extreamly good, and I never heard a bad thing of him till now; he lodged in my house, and afterwards lived the next door to me for 7 years, at Newcastle.
Q. How long have you been in London?

M. Ingleton. No more than 5 months.


                  James 
                  Rubins 
               



            . I have known him 20 years; he has the character of a sober, honest and industrious man; I knew him when he work'd at the glasshouse in Newcastle, and before.


                  Thomas 
                  Wilkerson 
               



            . I have known him about 9 or 10 years; he bears the character of an honest man.
Q. Have you known him lately?
Wilkerson. Yes, I am clerk to Mr. Quinton; he behaved as a very diligent servant, and I can say nothing against his honesty.
Q Are you clerk in the compting house?
Wilkerson. Yes.
Q. Are you related to Mr Quinton?
Wilkerson. I married his sister.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


