





315. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Waite 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one quart silver mug, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Hills 
               




             , September 19
. ++
John Hills. I keep a Publick-house and Eating-house
; the prisoner came into my house on the eighteenth of September last, in the evening, and lay there; he got up the next morning about eight o'clock and dressed himself by the fire-side, and came to me at the bar, and desired me to serve him with a two penny glass of brandy, and told me to keep the same bed for him in the evening.
Q. Did you know him before?
Hills. I do not know that ever I saw him before; he said, he should be in at about two in the afternoon, and then he would let me know whether he should lie there or not; then he went out; accordingly, he came between one and two, and dined with me; I seeing him, said, Are not you the gentleman that should lie at my house to night? he said, yes, I left him, and turn'd about towards the kitchen; he went up stairs, and I saw no more of him 'till he came down; there were four gentlemen up stairs, two in each company: one of the companies came down and paid for what they had had; presently after, came the other two gentlemen; just after they were gone out, the prisoner came down stairs in a sort of a hurry; I immediately had a jealousy that he had taken one of the silver mugs the gentlemen had been drinking out of, he going out at the door in such a hurry; I said to the waiter, Thomas, that man has got one of my tankards, I am sure, go up stairs and see; I stepp'd out at the door and saw the prisoner turn towards the Tower; I observed he guarded his right-hand pocket as he turn'd the corner least it should hit against the corner, as if he had a bottle in it, there seemed something in it; Thomas came down, and said there was one of the mugs missing; I ran, and my man after me; I got beyond the prisoner; my man call'd and said, The man that dined above stairs is behind you; I turn'd about and took him by the collar; and said, Come, my friend, you must go back again along with me; he said, For what? I said, You have got one of my tankards; No, I have not, said he; I lifted up his pocket lid, and there I saw my mug; he would have pull'd it out in the street; I said, no, you shall go back to my house; when he was in my house he pull'd it out of his pocket, and set it on the table before many witnesses. I sent for a constable, and took him before Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chitty 
               



            , and he sent him to New-gate. The mug produced in Court and deposed to.
Q. What did he say for himself before the Alderman.
Hills. He said the maid-servant put it in his pocket; since that, he said, in Newgate, that she had no hand in it; and that all that he said before the Alderman was false.


                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . On the nineteenth of September the prisoner din'd at my master's (the prosecutor's ) house; after he was gone out of the house, my master said he had got one of the silver mugs, and bid me go up and see; and I went up, and came down, and said, one was gone; my master went after him, and I followed; I saw my master running by him; I call'd out, Sir, the gentleman that din'd at our house is behind you; my master turn'd about and collar'd him; and I saw the silver mug shine in his pocket, any body might see it; he was brought back to the Darkhouse; I ran and got a constable, and we took him before the Alderman at Guildhall, and there he was committed to Newgate.


                  William 
                  Carter 
               



            . I am a Fellowship-porter; I was in Thames-street; I saw the prosecutor and his servant running; I heard the servant say, Sir, here is the gentleman that din'd at our house; he turn'd about, and laid hold of the prisoner's collar; I saw the mug in the prisoner's pocket as he walk'd along; the prosecutor desired me to assist him; I laid hold of the skirt of the prisoner's coat and we took him to Mr Hills's house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been come from sea about three days; I exchanged my note that very day I went to lie at his house; the next morning I got up about eight o'clock, and was thinking to go to Deptford, but I thought it better to go the next morning; when I was going to go away I missed some of my money; said I, I'll go and borrow half a guinea; and returned and said I should lie there that night; I dined there and was a little in liquor and very drowsy; I do not know which way I came by the tankard in my pocket.
For the Prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Waite 
               



            . I knew the prisoner before he went to sea. I am a Taylor; I have made him a great many cloaths; he call'd upon me the same day this accident happened; I have trusted him in my house, where is more value than this mug.


                  Robert 
                  Winter 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was a child; he was brought up a Butcher at York; he had misfortunes, and failed in his trade and came up to London, and has been in the East-Indies; I never saw him since he went out, 'till in Newgate.
Prosecutor. This evidence came to my house to mitigate the thing with me; I told him the law should take it's course; he told me, in few words, I should not hang him, for his father was Butcher to the Archbishop of York; and I might do my worst, and seemed to dare me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation.]


