





189. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Porter 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing eighteen pewter plates, value 9 s. one silk gown, value 10 s. one crape gown, one quilted petticoat, one damask table cloth
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Morris 
                     Archbolt 
                  




                
            , Jan. 20
. +


                  Morris 
                  Archbolt 
               



            . I live in Edward-street, Bethnal-green


; on the 20th of January, between twelve and one at noon, I and my wife was above stairs, she went down, and I heard her cry out she was robbed: I went down, where I saw the chest of drawers drawn part out, some linnen, and other things that used to be kept there, put into an apron spread on the floor; the plates that were gone from the shelves were found in a silk gown of my wife's in the shed in the yard. I went in quest of the thief; a little boy said he saw a man jump over the pales.


                  Rebecca 
                  Archbolt 
               



             confirms the testimony of her husband. (The goods produced.)


                  Thomas 
                  Bean 
               



            . I am a neighbour to the prosecutor; after a little boy had described the prisoner, we went and took him at the ship, the corner of St. John's-street, Brick-lane. In going before the justice, the prisoner owned he had done the fault, and said he hoped I would make it as easy as possible.


                  William 
                  Feavour 
               



            . On the 20th of January, between twelve and one, I saw the prisoner at the bar jump over the pales from Archbolt's house; I was about twenty yards from him, he ran away, and presently after the people came and said they were robbed.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


