





291. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing 2 a plates , one china punch bowl, one china bason, one china cup, one china saucer, 2 stone plates, one stone quart mug, one stone sugardish, one glass tumbler, 2 covers to chairs, 2 harrateen window curtains, and 1 copper saucepan
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Medley 
                  




                
            , June 22
 +


                  John 
                  Midley 
               



            . I keep a coffee-house
, and the prisoner was my servant
. I missed goods at times She had lived with me about seven or eight days. I told her I suspected she had broke them, and put them out of the way. She said, as they were lost since she had been in my service, she would pay me for them. I sent a servant to her lodging, and she returned with some of the things. Then I got a warrant for the prisoner, and found all the rest. (produced in court.) Here are all the goods mention'd in the indictment, except the tea kettle, which we left under the seat of the coach we came here in.
Q. Had you a character with the prisoner?
Medley. She told me to go and enquire at a batcher's in Great St. Andrew's Holbourn, where they gave her a very good one.
Q. Was the prisoner present when you found the things in her lodging?
Medley. No, she was not; she was sent to the Gatehouse. She was taken after that before the justice, and there she acknowledged she had taken away the things mentioned, and beg'd I'd forgive her, saying she'd be better for the future.


                  Catharine 
                  Collins 
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my house from Sunday till Friday. The prosecutor's other servant came and found some of the things here produced; after that he, and the constable, and that servant came again, and I delivered the rest to them.
Mary M'Gear. The prisoner was a fellow servant with me at the prosecutor's house.
Q. Look at these goods here produced, do you know them?
M. M'Gear. I do, they are my master's property. I was present at their being found in the prisoner's lodging.


                  Charles 
                  Conner 
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Medley came to me with some of the china things that the last witness had found in the prisoner's lodging. We went and got a search warrant, and searching the lodging we found the other things; the next day 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Collins 
               



             brought the curtains to my house, and said she had found them under her bed. I have had them in my custody ever since. The prosecutor owned them to be his property.
Prisoner's defence.
The things produced here are my own property



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


