





177. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Monk 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one walnut-tea-chest, six silver tea-spoons, one pair of silver tea-tongs, one silver tea-strainer, one gold ring, two pair of silver shoe-buckles, one pair of silver knee-buckles, one silver stock-buckle, one pair of silver sleeve-buttons, one damask table-cloth, one silk waistcoat, flowered with gold, two silk gowns, one linen gown, one cotton gown, two silk petticoats, four other petticoats, one cloth cloak, one cloth coat, three linen waistcoats, two pair of sustain breeches, three linen shifts, two lawn aprons, one linen apron, eight china tea-cups, eight china saucers, two glass candlesticks, one glass mug and cover, one china basom, two glass salts, one velvet hood, one pair of cotton gloves
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Walter 
                  




                
            , Dec. 25
. ++
Han. Walter. I live in White-horse-alley, Cow-cross


.
Q. Have you heard the indictment read over?
Walter. I have; I lost all those goods on the 25th of December last. I went out to dinner on Christmas-day, the prisoner lodged in a ready-furnished room at two shillings a week in my house, I left my room-door locked, but when I home found it broke open, and several other locks; I left her at home, when I returned at about a quarter after ten at night she was gone, and all the things mentioned in the indictment. I found some again at the prisoner's lodging, and some at a pawnbroker's, by her directions, where she said she had pawned them.
Q. How came she to be taken?
Walter. She sent me a letter owning the fact, and after that came to my house, but I was so much affrighted I could not bear to see her, and bid her go out of the house; she did, and was not taken till last Wednesday. I was informed she was a patient at St. Bartholemew's hospital, there I took her. I took her before my Lord-mayor; I gave in a list of all the things I had lost, and she owned she had taken them all before my Lord.
Q. Was the list read over to her?
Walter. I gave it to some of the people, whether it was all read I know not.
Q. Are you sure all these goods were left in your house when you went out on Christmas-day ?
Walter. I am sure the greatest part were, for aught I know she might have taken some away before.
Q. When had you seen them before?
Walter. There were many of them in a trunk, and the trunk was broke open that day, part of them were in a chest in my room, and part of them locked in a chest of drawers.
Q. Can you say that chest of drawers was locked when you went out?
Walter. Yes, I can; I always kept them locked whether I was abroad or at home.
Q. Were any other lodgers in your house?
Walter. I had men-lodgers, but they were out then; there are three of them, two came in after I came home.
Q. Was the room you found the goods in an apartment in your house?
Walter. No, it was in a lodging she went to after she left my house. She owned this letter she sent to me, and that she wrote it, and desired my Lord-mayor to read it through. (It was read to this purport:)
'' Mrs. Walter,
'' I think myself very wicked to use you in '' the manner I have, but had I been in my '' senses at that time I would have scorned to have '' acted such a thing by any body, much less to '' you; but I hope your goodness will bear me '' no ill, for I cannot enjoy one moment's peace '' till every thing is returned to you, and I think '' is my duty to let you know where they are '' pawned, it being out of my power to redeem '' them, that you may get them again; and as '' soon as I got a little money I will return yours '' first, and then to them. If you go to Mrs. '' Mullings's in Hare-court, you will find a pair '' of silver tea-tongs, three tea-spoons, a yellow '' stuff silk gown, another silk gown, the silk '' waistcoat and a cotton gown.'' Giving an account what they all lay for, and likewise where to find the rest of the goods; concluding she was heartily sorry for what she had done; and by way of postscript observed, poor Mr. Delerant is cast for life. Signed by her name, and directed to Mrs. Walters in White -horse-alley, Cow-cross, near West-smithfield, London.


                  Hannah 
                  Summerbill 
               



            . I live betwixt Aldersgate-street and Jewin-street, in a little square, the prisoner came to lodge in my house in the beginning of January last, and she brought a trunk and bundle with her. After she had been at my house nine days she went to an alehouse just by, and at her return there came in a man, and challenged her to be a thief; and when he went away, he said, he would go and get some help and take her up. When he was gone away she went and left her things behind. In about half an hour after she was gone away, Mrs. Walter came to my house and owned these goods here produced, (which were divers sorts of wearing apparel. )
Catherine M'Lane. I live at the bottom of Cow-lane, near the prosecutrix; when the prisoner lodged at her house, I was in the court before the window. I saw a light in the prosecutor's room above stairs, about eight at night on Christmas-day; I called and asked if Mrs. Walter was at home, the prisoner came down with a candle in her hand to the door, and I observed there was no light in the room above, she answered me Mrs. Walter was gone out; she had been up stairs making her beds and doing her work. The next morning we had the account of Mrs. Walter's being robbed.
Q. to prosecutrix. Did you lock that room-door she speaks of above stairs at your going out.
Prosecutrix, I double-locked it.
(Mrs. Mullings produced a blue silk petticoat, a pair of silver tea-tongs, three silver tea-spoons, one yellow stuff silk gown, one India silk gown, one silk waistcoat, flowered, one cotton gown. )
Mrs. Mullings. I am a pawnbroker; my servant took these goods in, all but the tea-tongs.
Q. Where do you live?
Mrs. Mullings. I live at the corner of Hare-court in Aldersgate-street.
Q. Where is your maid?
Mrs. Mullings. She was brought to bed the day before yesterday.
Q. Who brought you the tea-tongs?
Mrs. Mullings. I am confident the prisoner did.
Q. Did she put them in her own name?

Mrs. Mullings. No, she pawned them in the name of 
               
                  Elisabeth 
                  Harris 
               



            .


                  John 
                  Madkinson 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I live in Goswel-street; I don't know the prisoner at all. There were two pair of silver buckles and a gold ring brought to our house about December and January last, by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Platt 
               



            ; she told me they were her mother's.
Q. Did you know Platt before?
Madkinson. I thought I knew her before somewhere in the neighbourhood.
Q. to prosecutrix. Look at these beckles and ring, do you know them?
Prosecutrix. I believe they are mine, mine were such buckles; the ring I am sure is mine.
Madkinson. This 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Platt 
               



             came along with a woman, and said she brought several things, and there are several things that Mrs. Walter declines.
Court. You pawnbrokers are the bane of society; it is a question but if you were to be indicted for receiving those goods, knowing them to have been stolen, but that this worthy jury would find you guilty.
Prosecutrix. The prisoner told me these goods were at this man's house.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of the accusation against me.
To her character.


                  Barbara 
                  Platt 
               



            . I have known the prisoner seven years; I never heard any ill of her.


                  Robert 
                  Horne 
               



            . I have known her about five years; I never heard any ill of her till now.


                  Adam 
                  Gainer 
               



            . I have known her fifteen or sixteen years; I never knew her deprive any body of a pennyworth till now.


                  Thomas 
                  Weaver 
               



            . I have known her between four and five years; I never heard any ill of her in my life.


                  James 
                  Lamb 
               



            . I have known her four years; I never heard any ill of her in my life till this.


                  Anne 
                  Dosset 
               



            . I have known her eight years; she is a very honest sober person.


                  George 
                  Whitehead 
               



            . I have known her five years; I never heard any thing bad of her.


                  John 
                  Dosset 
               



            . I am husband to 
               
                  Anne 
                  Dosset 
               



            ; I have known the prisoner eight years, I never heard any ill of her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


