





71. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Moon 
                  , otherwise 
Mohun




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one woman's dimity gown, value 10 s. 6 d. and one linen shift
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Reynolds 
                  




                
            , Dec. 31
. +


                  James 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I live in Poland-street, Spital-fields; my wife went on Christmas-day to her father's house; on the 1st of January her father came and told me my wife, which was at his house, had lost a dimity gown and a shift; he said he thought the person that stole them was in the house; I went with him; then we challenged the prisoner with taking them, she would not own she had. My wife went out to see if she could find the things, she returned and said, she had found the shift at 
               
                  David 
                  Davidson 
               



            's, a pawnbroker by London-wall, I went with her there, the shift was then produced to us, they said it was in the name of 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Moon 
               



             ( produced in court, with the sleeves sewed in with blue worsted.) I know she had one with the sleeves sewed in with such; the prisoner at last owned she had pawned the gown at Mr. Brown's on Snow-hill; my wife and the prisoner went and found it accordingly (produced in court.) This I believe to be my wife's, then I took the prisoner before the sitting alderman at Guild-hall; I don't remember she said any thing there either to own or deny the fact.
Mary Reynolds, his wife, confirmed the above account, and deposed to the gown and shift, as to her property, with this addition, that she had hung the gown and shift up to dry at her father's, and they were taken away, and that the prisoner was an acquaintance of another lodger in the house, and was there at the time.


                  David 
                  Davidson 
               



             deposed, the prisoner pawned the linen shirt to him on the 31st of December, and


                  William 
                  Wilson 
               



            , servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



            , that he took in the gown of the prisoner at the bar.
The prisoner in her defence said, she went to see a young woman an acquaintance of hers at Mr. Hancock's, the prosecutor's father-in-law. She found the gown and shift on the top of the stairs, pinned up in a cloath; her acquaintance was not at home, so she brought them away and pawned them.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


