





317. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Lucas 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton gown, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Cane 
                  




                
            , Sept. 6
. +


                  Richard 
                  Cane 
               



            . I live in Clare-Market


. This 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lucas 
               



             stole a cotton gown, my property. I am a bricklayer's labourer
.
Q. When did you lose this gown?
Cane. I lost it last Tuesday was se'n-night.
Q. Where did you lose it from?
Cane. From out of a cellar where I live.
Q. Are you sure it was there last Tuesday was se'n-night?
Cane. I am sure it was there last Tuesday was se'n-night; my wife saw it, but I did not. The pawnbroker that she pawn'd it with told me she brought it to him.
Q. When did he tell you so ?
Cane. Last Wednesday was se'n-night, and she acknowledged that she stole it.
Q. Was you present when the gown was found?
Cane. I was at the place where the gown was found; it was found at the pawnbroker's house.


                  Catherine 
                  Cane 
               



            . I lost a gown last Tuesday was se'n-night.
Q. When did you see it?
C. Cane. I saw it in my cellar that morning, about seven o'clock.
Q. How long was it before you missed it?
C. Cane. I missed it about ten.
Q. When did you see it again?
C. Cane. I saw it again the day after at Mr. Welch's house.
Q. How came you to suspect the prisoner?
Cane. Because the man next door pected her, and said that nobody went out but she; I went to the pawnbroker's, and there I saw her come in; and mistrusting her I took hold of her, and carried her before the justice.
Q. Where is the gown?
Cane. The pawnbroker that she pledg'd it with has it here. (The gown produced in court, and deposed to.) I know it is mine, because it is a new one and never was mended; the prisoner told Mr. Welch's servants that she took it.


                  John 
                  Coates 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Covent-Garden; the prisoner brought the gown to me on Tuesday was se'n-night, the 6th of September.
Q. Was it before ten in the morning?
Coates. I can't tell; I know it was not before seven or eight.
Q. Did she say it was her own?
Coates. Another woman, named 
               
                  Ann 
                  Brown 
               



            , was with the prisoner, and took the money of me for the gown in the prisoner's name. I reckon'd it was pawn'd by this 
               
                  Ann 
                  Brown 
               



            . I took it to be her property. Justice Welch sent his man to our house with the prisoner at the bar, where she said she would pay for the gown, and desired I would speak to the justice of the peace to be as favourable to her as possible. I told her it was not in my power. She told me she would pay for the gown if she work'd her fingers to the bone, if I would interceed with the justice to forgive her. I spoke to the justice, and he said he could not compound felony.
Q. Did she say how she came by it?
Coates. I did not hear her say how she came by it; she told the justice that 
               
                  Ann 
                  Brown 
               



             had two shillings of the money, and that she had the rest. I never heard her acknowledge that she stole it from Cane.
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


