





304. (M.) 
               
                  Edward 
                  Williams 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tompson 
                  




                
            , July 1
. +


                  John 
                  Tompson 
               



            . On Saturday night, the 1st of July, about 10 o'clock, or half an hour after, I was in my bed, at the bunch of grapes , Castle-street, Long-acre


, a publick house  , I heard a person coming up stairs.
Q. Did the prisoner lodge there?
Tompson. I spoke to that person, he made but a low answer, and pretended to go up another pair of stairs, but came down again in about a minute, I ask'd him who was there? he said he wanted 
               
                  Dick 
                  Edwards 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Davis 
               



            . I ask'd him how he came up without a candle? he made but very little answer; I told him he came of no good design; he went away, and pretended to go down stairs.
Q. Did you know who it was ?
Tompson. I did by his tongue, it was the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Was you acquainted with him before?
Tompson. I was but little acquainted with him; the next morning I got up and missed my watch.
Q. Did you hear him go down stairs?
Tompson. I cannot say I did; he seemed to attempt to go down.
Q. Was your room-door fastened?
Tompson. No, I was oblig'd to leave it open on account of the boy that was not come to bed, that lay in the same room.
Q. Where did you put your watch when you went to bed?
Tompson. I hung it on a nail by the bed-side.
Q. What sort of a watch was it?
Tompson. It was a silver watch.
Q. How long was you before you fell asleep after you spoke to the prisoner?
Tompson. I do not know; I am a dray-man, and our business is very laborious, so that we soon fall asleep after we get to bed.
Q. What time did you awake in the morning?
Tompson. I awak'd about 8 o'clock, then I missed my watch.
Q. Did the alehouse boy lie in the same bed with you?
Tompson. He lay in the same room, but not in the same bed.
Q. Which got up first, the boy or you?
Tompson. The boy did.
Q. How came you to charge the prisoner?
Tompson. I had a mistrust of the prisoner, because there had been a watch lost in the next room to where I lie, and he was suspected of having that. I got a warrant of Mr. Fielding, and went and took him in his lodgings in Eagle-street, Piccadilly. I took him by the collar, and charg'd him with taking my watch, and he own'd directly he had it, it was in his bed, he took it out, and delivered it to me, (produced in court and deposed to.) I asked him how he came by it, he said he gave a guinea for it; I asked him who he bought it of, he said of a man, his name was Davey.


                  John 
                  Walker 
               



            . I am constable of the parish of St. James's, we took the prisoner up on the second of July in his lodgings, and he confessed he had the watch, and took it out of his bed himself, this is the same watch.

Prisoner's defence.
I had been to Marybone; I owed Richard Edwards a guinea, I had some money in my pocket, which I brought to pay him; I had a pint of beer, there came in one Morgan Jones, that lives in Swallow-street, he called me out, and asked me to let him have a little money, he said he wanted to go to Portsmouth: I said I had a trile, and that I must give to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Edwards 
               



            , he said I need not be afraid of my money, he would give me a watch for security, in case I would lend him a trifle; so I lent him a guinea upon the watch, he said when he returned he would give me my money, and take the watch again.
To his character.


                  William 
                  Price 
               



            . I have known the prisoner seventeen years.
Q. Have you seen him lately?
Price. No, I have not seen him this two years, I am just come home from sea, he did bear an honest character, he is a farmer's son, and used to labour with his father in Wales.


                  Thomas 
                  Evans 
               



            . I have known the prisoner a great many years, he has been in London about two years, he did live with an apothecary in St. James's-street; he always bore a very honest character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


