





209. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Anderson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Matthew 
                  




                
            , April 23
. +.


                  George 
                  Matthew 
               



            . I live in the Green-Yard, Montague-Close, upon the back-side of Pepper-Alley


, and am a carman
. I was out at work upon Tuesday last, and I lost a silver watch, but can give no farther account of it; my wife can inform you better.


                  Ann 
                  Matthew 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; my husband's watch was laying on the dresser in our kitchen last Thursday, there was no body in the house but a relation, myself, and the prisoner at the bar.
Eleanor Deady. I have known the prisoner three months almost, he had been at my house some time before with some sea-faring men, and last Tuesday he brought a silver watch and desired me to lend him five shillings upon it 'till he went home to his lodgings; I lent him five shillings; about two hours after he came in and asked me for more money; I said, if he had a mind to pawn it, there was a pawnbroker near he said it was an old family watch, and he would not lose it for ten guineas. Then he desired I would go with him, so we went together to Mr. Longarth's, he lent him a guinea upon it, and he payed me what he owed me for liquor, and what he borrowed, in the whole nine shillings and six-pence.
Q. Is this the watch?

Deady. I cannot swear this is the particular watch.
Q. Was it taken in in the prisoner's name?
Deady. It was.
Prisoner's Defence.
On Tuesday morning I was sent for by my commander capt. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lee 
               



            , about eleven o'clock, he ordered me to go to his lodging, I did, and took water at Hungerford-stairs, and went to the prosecutor's house, being acquainted with her brother; there we had three or four tankards of beer, this was between nine and ten at night: I staid there all night. In the morning the man of the house and I had a tankard of purl, I staid there to breakfast; then we all three went down to a house where I had been well used; I staid a little and came up again; the watch was in my pocket; I believe I was a little disguised in liquor; Mrs. Matthew saw me put it in my pocket when we were at breakfast.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


