





212. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Weaver 
                  , otherwise 
Anthony Robertson




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Geo.
                   Pratt
               




            , March 9
. ++


                  George 
                  Pratt 
               



            . I live at the Antelope in White-hart Yard


, the prisoner was at my house on Sunday the 18th of March last, on which day I lost a silver spoon.
Q. Did you know him before?
Pratt. I have known him two years and upwards; I enquired among the pawnbrokers, and found it in the possession of Mr. Gibbons, a pawnbroker. ( Produced in court, and deposed to by an Elephant's head for a crest, &c.)
Mr. Gibbons. I think the prisoner brought this spoon on Monday the 19th of March to pawn; he wanted 6 s. on it; I asked him whose it was; he said it was his own; I asked him if he had any more; he said he had three; I asked him who he bought them of; he told me Mr. Johnson, a Pawnbroker, and that he gave 9 s. a piece for 'em. I weighed it, it weighed 2 ounces, then I said, I hoped the others were a great deal bigger than this, if he gave that money for them; he said they were a great deal bigger (and this was worth much more than nine shillings, I was satisfied he had not bought them for that money); so I said I would stop it: he told me his name was 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Robertson 
               



            , and lived at a Chandler's shop in Wild-street, and that he'd stay till I came back, if I would go and enquire. I went and describ'd him, and said he was a Lincolnshire man as he had told me: they told me there was one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Weaver 
               



            , a Lincolnshire man lodged there, who answered the description of the prisoner; but when I came back he was gone. The prosecutor came and owned the spoon, and brought another and compared with it. I described the man; he said he believed it was one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Weaver 
               



            , so he took him up.
Prosecutor. The time the prisoner was at my house, he was twice out of the room backwards; but how he came by the spoon, I know not; the spoons were in the house, in another room.
The Second Part of these Proceedings will be publish'd in a few Days.






THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Goal Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON; And also the Goal Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX, HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 2d, Thursday the 3d, Friday the 4th, Saturday the 5th, and Monday the 7th of May,
In the 26th Year of His MAJESTY's Reign, BEING THE Fourth SESSIONS in the MAYORALTY of the Right Honble Sir CRISP GASCOYNE, Knt. LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
NUMBER IV. PART II.
LONDON:
Printed, and sold by M. COOPER, at the Globe in Pater-noster Row. 1753.
[ Price Four-Pence,]

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Goal Delivery held for the City of London, &c.

Prisoner's Defence.
I WAS in the house, but not out of the room, and there were no spoons in the room I was in, the prosecutor says.
To his Character.


                  Gabriel 
                  Weaver 
               



            . I am half uncle to the prisoner, I have known him from his infancy; I never knew him to steal any thing.
Q. What sort of a life has he liv'd, what is his character?
Weaver. I have had no conversation with him a great while; I believe he gets his livelihood by working, but I don't know.
Q. Have you had any occasion to make an experiment of his honesty ?
Weaver. No, I have not.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


