





248. (M.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of 
                     
                        Duncan 
                        Campbel 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one featherbed, value 4 s. one holster, value 2 s. two blankets, value 3 s. four linnen sheets, one pillow, two linnen pillowbiers, one handkerchief, one looking-glass, one woollen coverlid, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Gascoyne 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging-room let by contract
            , &c. Sept. 11
. ++.


                  Peter 
                  Gascoyne 
               



            . I live in Lumber-court Seven Dials


, the prisoner took a lodging of me about five weeks ago, to live by herself; all the things mentioned in the indictment were let with the room, at 1 s. 6 d. per week, last Wednesday night I missed the things; she was charged with taking them. She owned she had, and desired to stay in the house 'till morning, and said, she would go and show us where she had pawned them, which she did. We found a coverlid, a pair of sheets, and a pillowbier, at Mr Johnson's the corner of Crown-court, and the other things mentioned, at Mr Powell's in Tybourn-road, some of them are now at my house, and the rest here.


                  Thomas 
                  Powell 
               



            . I live in Oxford-road: I am a Pawnbroker: on the 8th of August the prisoner pawned a blanket with me for two shillings, (that is at the prosecutor's house) and on the same day a looking-glass for eight-pence, the 11th a pillow for six-pence, on the 16th a small blanket for four-pence, on the 1st of Sept. a bed for four shillings, the same day a bolster for one shilling, on the 11th of Sept. a pair of sheets and pillowbier for two shillings. Produced and deposed to.


                  Henry 
                  Geer 
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Johnson 
               



            . He produced one coverlid, two sheets, and one pillowbier. These were pawned to me by the prisoner at the bar.
Prosecutor. These are my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did pledge them goods being in want, but I did it with an intent to return them again when I could.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


