





161. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Whitmell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 8 s.
             the property of the 
               
                  right
                   reverend father in God Thomas lord 
                  bishop
 of Kildare




             in the kingdom of Ireland, March 14
. ++
Justice Willis. I am butler to the bishop of Kildare; on Friday the 14th of March last the prisoner at the bar was at our house, and that day we lost a table spoon, after which a silversmith advertised it; the bishop sent a man, who found it to be the spoon we lost.
Q. What was the prisoner in that house?
Willis. He was footman
 to the bishop's mother then. After that the spoon and prisoner was brought to justice Fielding by the silversmith; I went there, and knew the spoon to be the property of my lord bishop. The justice asked the prisoner if he was guilty? He said he was. This answer he made twice over.
Mr. Carman. I am a silversmith in Holborn; the prisoner at the bar brought a silver spoon to my house on Thursday the 29th of March last, it was broke in two pieces, (it is produced). This is it. I told him it could not be his, for the crest had been almost rubbed out. I said I would stop the spoon, and he should see it advertised the next day. I said I could not stop his person. I advertised in it about five or six days; a footman belonging to the bishop of Kildare came to me, and produced two spoons out of his pocket like it. At my first seeing it, I said it is your spoon. The next day the bishop's sister came, and a person with her; we talked about it; she desired me to go down to Gloucester-street to her house; the prisoner at the bar opened the door of the lady's house; I knew him immediately, and said that was the man that brought the spoon and offered it me.
Q. Was you before Mr. Fielding !
Carman. I was, and heard the prisoner twice own before him that he took the spoon; after that the people said, why do you confess? why do you confess? Then he stisly denied it.
Prisoner's defence.
That evidence said he knew me by my person; but could not swear to my dress.
Carman. I knew his person the moment I opened the door.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


