





297. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rawlins 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 12 d. halfpenny in money
            , the money of 
               
                  Tipping 
                  Rustate 
               




             , June 17
. ++
Tipping Rustate. I am a grocer
, and the prisoner was my servant
. Having missed halfpence out of my desk several times, on the 14th of June last I took five shillings in halfpence to a scalemaker's, to be mark'd. The same night I put them loose in the desk, and in the morning there were six pennyworth gone. I took the rest out, and at night I put t he 4 s. 6 d. in again, and on the Wednesday morning there was 6 d. more gone, and on the Thursday morning 7 d. I then charged a constable with him, and found upon him 25 halfpence all mark'd, which I can swear to be mine.
Q. Was the desk always open?
Rustate. It stands upon the counter, and is always unlock'd. I put money therein, to defray the expences of the week; there is no lock to it. I took him before the alderman, where he own'd he took them out, but intended to put them in again.
Q. from prisoner. Did you ever miss any thing besides these?
Rustate. I missed half pence before, which was the reason I had them mark'd.
Q. Had not the prisoner liberty to go to that desk, and take out money?
Rustate. No, he had not; he was not shopman, he was porter.


                  Peter 
                  Lime 
               



            . I am constable. Mr. Rustate sent for me on the 17th of June. The prisoner turn'd out 6 s. and 6 d. and a quantity of half-pence, out of which Mr. Rustate took up 12 d. halfpenny. The prisoner own'd he took them in order to buy a frock, but intended to put them in again (the halfpence produced in court) they have been in my custody ever since.
Q. to prosecutor. Look at these halfpence.
Prosecutor. They are the same the scalemaker mark'd for me.


                  John 
                  Goodman 
               



            . I mark'd these halfpence at the request of the prosecutor with a dot in the letter G, and a scratch in the Britannia betwixt the arm and the body.
Prisoner's defence.
I had a frock brought home, which I had not money enough to pay for about me, so because I would not leave the shop I took the money out of the desk, and intended to put it in again.


                  James 
                  Peer 
               



            . The prisoner lived with me nine months, and behaved as well as any body ever did; and if he was clear'd of this, I'd take him again.


                  Thomas 
                  Plumer 
               



            . I have known him upwards of two years. This is the first thing I ever heard amiss of him.


                  Richard 
                  Harne 
               



            . I have known him I believe about 3 years.
Q. What is his character?
Harne. A very good character for what I ever heard. He was porter where I served my time.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


