





48. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fleming 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 30 yards of woollen stuff called say, val. 5 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Tooke 
                        




                      
                  , in the warehouse of the said William
            , Nov. 9
. ||


                  William 
                  Tooke 
               



            . I am a warehouse man
 in the woollen way; on Thursday the 9th of Nov. as I was sitting in my counting-house, which is about 25 or 30 yards from my warehouse door, -
Q. Where do you live?
Tooke. I live in Princes-street near Stocks Market


, I saw a man a little within my warehouse door : (I can't say I saw him come in.) His back being towards the light, it is impossible for me to speak to his face; but by his shape and apparel I have no doubt of the prisoner being the identical person; I saw him go on the left hand side of my warehouse, and immediately came back again, there were some packs, intercepted my sight, that I did not see him for a very short space of time; he went out immediately, I went round my desk and came into my warehouse; and got my eye upon him again; the distance of time that I lost sight of him, was so short that it is impossible he could have any accomplice to give my piece to, I saw a piece under his arm when he went out; and he had it when I saw him in the street; I went and took hold on him within 30 or 40 yards of my warehouse door; whether I seiz'd him first, or the next evidence, I can't say; we took the goods from him. ( Produc'd in court and deposed to.)
Q. What is the value ?
Tooke. It is worth 5 l. and upwards.
Q. In whose custody has it been since ?
Tooke. It has been in my custody ever since; and I immediately set a mark upon it; the prisoner was secur'd, and committed from the time he went out of my shop, to the time we took him, which I apprehend was not above two minutes.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Tooke. It was near four in the afternoon.


                  Thomas 
                  Matthewson 
               



            . On Thursday the 9th of Nov. about 3 or 4 in the afternoon, I was looking out at my dining room window, I saw the prisoner lurking about, backwards and forwards several times, near the prosecutor's door.
Q. Where abouts do you live?
Matthewson. I live about thirty or forty yards from his warehouse ; at last I saw the prisoner go in.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner ?
Matthewson. I am; and he came out again without any thing; in about the space of a minute he went in again and brought out a piece of white stuff.
Q. Look on that parcel (produced), was it like that by the quantity and colour?
Matthewson. It was; I ran down the street and collared him, and in the interim Mr. Tooke ran from his warehouse door to the prisoner, there might be about 2 or 3 feet distance between us and not above; I don't remember which of us took the piece from him, but we carried him back to Mr. Tooke's warehouse. Mr. Tooke sent for a constable and charged him with the prisoner.
Q. What did the prisoner say?
Matthewson. He said a gentleman gave him three halfpence to go and take a piece of stuff that lay down there.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming along on my lord mayor's day a little in liquor, and a gentleman, very well dressed, told me, if I'd take that bundle which he had under his arm and carry it to the end of the street, he'd give me three pence to buy me some beer. Some of these gentlemen came and laid hold on my collar. The man was quite a stranger to me, he was just before me; he went away and they took me.
Q. to Matthewson. Did you see any body before the prisoner when you took hold on him ?
Matthewson. I saw no body near him at that time.
For the Prisoner.


                  Isaac 
                  Ford 
               



            . I live in Old Bedlam, and am a porter. The prisoner has lived in my house upwards of a twelvemonth, and he went away about the latter end of August last; I have trusted him when I have been about my business; I never knew him to wrong me, or any body else.
Q. What is his business?
Ford. He is a shoemaker
.
Q. What is his general character?
Ford. As to his character, I have little to say about that, no farther than knowing him while he was in my house; I never remember him being cut after ten o'clock; we always shut up between nine and ten.


                  Mary 
                  Ford 
               



            . I am wife to the other evidence, and have trusted the prisoner in a great measure with all I am worth ; I never knew he wronged me of a pin's point.
Q. How long have you known him?
M. Ford. I have known him two years and a half.


                  Thomas 
                  Colton 
               



            . I live in Old Bedlam, and am a shoemaker. The prisoner has worked with me a whole twelvemonth, and have known him two years and a half, but never heard any harm of him before.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


