






426, 427. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kingston 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Wright 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one cotton gown, value 6 d. two linen shifts, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Eliz 
                        Hurdle 
                     



                   , Widow; two linen-shifts, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Hudson 
                  



                
            , spinster, June 22
.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hurdle 
               



            . I live at Hackney


; I hung out these things, mentioned in the Indictment, to dry in my garden, June 22, between 11 and 12 o'clock, and missed them about 3 in the afternoon, as near as I can guess. I do not know who took them; they who did came over the wall. We could see the currant bushes trodden down. The other witness can give an account how the prisoners were taken, and the goods found.


                  Matthew 
                  Ecclestone 
               



            . I am constable; I was sitting at my own door about 1 o'clock the 22d of June; I saw Wright go by with something in his apron; he seemed much affrighted; he dropped one corner of his apron, and I saw some linen in it. I made a signal to a person, who, with the assistance of another, took the prisoner. He dropped the things behind the watch-house, and they were owned by the prosecutrix.


                  George 
                  Hoxford 
               



            . I was at dinner; I heard the cry in the street that they had taken some rogues, who had stolen some linen. When Wright was taken, he made an attempt to get away, and fought the people that held him; he bit me, and said, if he got his liberty, he would kill me.


                  William 
                  Shear 
               



            . As the prisoner (Wright) came by me, the constable beckoned to me; I ran, and he flung the things down behind the watch-house; I took him, and brought him back. The people said, there was another ran up the Flying-horse-yard, who had hid himself in a ditch, and was there taken.


                  William 
                  Tomline 
               



            . I was with the last witness in taking the prisoner, Wright [the rest as the last witness as to Wright] I saw Kingston run up the Flying-horse-yard as soon as Wright was taken.


                  Anthony 
                  Holley 
               



            . I was working in a farrier's shop; there was a report of a man gone by with something not his own in his apron. I went out, and saw the things lying by the watch-house. They had then taken Wright.
Wright. I a m guilty; I was by myself.
Kingston's Defence. I had been drinking at Hackney. As I was going cross the field, they ran after me. I went to jump over the hedge, and fell into the ditch. They came and laid hold on me, and said I must go back to my companion. The young man [meaning the prisoner, Wright ] was asked, if he knew me; he said no otherwise than that he had seen me at the alehouse some time ago.
Kingston 

               acquitted
            ; Wright 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


