





350. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Scot 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one deal box, value 12 d. two cloth coats, value 10 s. two flannel waistcoats, value 3 s. one shag waistcoat, value 2 s. one dimity waistcoat, value 1 s. seven linen shirts, value 20 s. one guinea and a half, the goods and money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jones 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Racket 
                     



, then a widow, July 20
. ++


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am drawer at the Gentleman and Porter in Leicester Fields
. On the 20th of July last, between one and two o'clock, the goods mention'd in the indictment were all in my lodging-room, up one pair of stairs, in the house of Mary Racket, then a widow; the box the shirts were'in, and the cloaths on it, were taken away, but I can't say the exact time.
Q. Did you ever get them again?
Jones. I have all my cloaths again, except two shirts. The prisoner was taken with some of the things on his back, and carried before justice St. Lawrence, where he said he bought them of a woman, and denied having any of the money. We found the box by his directions; that and what was in it he said he had of a man to carry.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Jones. I had seen him once or twice come into Mary Racket's house, and call for a penny worth of beer; I know not how he came by the things.
Q. How came you to suspect the prisoner?
Jones. I had inform'd my uncle, at the Plough in St. Martin's Lane, of my loss, who told me he let a man with such cloaths on a horse, to go to a place near Edgware, so I and another went after him. (The cloaths found produced in court, and deposed to.)
Q. What do you value them at ?
Jones. At ten shillings.
Q. Was he search'd when taken ?
Jones. No.


                  Benjamin 
                  Brown 
               



            . I went after this man. My brother-in-law living with the prosecutor, he was committed on suspicion of stealing these things. There came in a porter at the Gentleman and Porter in Leicester Fields, where the box was taken from, who said he had carried a box the last night from Rupert-street to somewhere in the Strand. Justice St. Lawrence granted me a warrant, so I went with the prosecutor, and we took the prisoner after looking for him at divers places to no purpose; but having had further intelligence of him, we went to Kingsbury Green, and found he had been at a farmer's house there, but was gone towards London. I followed him, and found him at an alehouse door. By his dress and the horse he rode, I took him to be the person. I ask'd him his name, he said Smith. I asked him if he had not once lived at the Cock in the Haymarket, and he said no. I took him and had him before justice St. Lawrence, with the prosecutor's coat. waistcoat and shirt on, which he own'd. On searching him, he had three shillings and some halfpence in his pocket. He was committed to Newgate on his second examination, and by his direction the box was found at the Green Man and Still in Tyburn-road. I saw it opened, there were four shirts and a coat in it, and the prosecutor swore to the things there.
Q. to prosecutor. How many shirts were found in the box?
Prosecutor. There were four, my property.
Q. How big was the box?
Prosecutor. It was three quarters of a yard in length.
Q. Was the door where it was kept lock'd or unlock'd?
Prosecutor. We had a bean feast that day, and many people going up and down stairs the door was not lock'd.



                  Robert 
                  Thornton 
               



            . On the Sunday after the prisoner was taken up I went to see him in Newgate, when he told me he believed we might find the things at the Hog in the Pound in Tyburn-road; we went accordingly, and found them there.
Q. How far is that from the Green Man and Still?
Thornton. It is the same house, only it has a double sign. I saw the box opened, and some shirts taken out of it.
Prisoner's defence.
I was at work for one farmer Finch at Kingsbury-Green. On a wet day I came to London, and met with one Stapleton, who had got that box, and talk'd of going on board the Antigallican privateer; he said he would sell me the cloaths very cheap, so I agreed with him for 30 s. for the coat, waistcoat, and shirts. I paid part of the money in the Hay-market, and told him I would pay the rest in Lambeth Marsh, at the King's-Arm, where I attend.
Brown. When I was bringing the prisoner to town, he sham'd drunk, and fell from his horse twice; he then wanted to call at an alehouse to do a chare for himself, where he flung this Common-Prayer book down the vault, and the landlord and we took it out (producing one.)
Prosecutor, That is my prayer-book, and was in my box.
For the prisoner.


                  William 
                  Fryer 
               



            . I never saw the prisoner but once in my life, and that was at the Three Compasses in Silver Street, on the 20th of July, where he stay'd from five o'clock till about half an hour after nine.
Brown. That is about half a mile distant from the place where the box was taken from.
Q. to Prosecutor. What time did you miss the box?
Prosecutor. I missed it between twelve and one, when I went to bed.
Q. When had you seen it last?
Prosecutor. I saw it at eight overnight.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


