







60, 61. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harris 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Catharine
                   wife of 
                  
                     
                        George 
                        String 
                     







             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Witchard 
                  



                
            , Esq
; and the other for 


               feloniously receiving the handle of the said spoon, well knowing the same to have been stolen
            , January 2

.* 
Henry Spencer. I am servant to Mr. Witchard, in St. James's Street



. The prisoner, Harris, has been about my master's house for some years, to do jobs and go of messages. Last Sunday was se'night I was in a hurry and got him to rub over some silver spoons for me. I told them over to him, and when he had done I missed one of them. I challeng'd him with it. He said if he had thought I would have mistrusted him he would not have done them. After that the prisoner's (String) husband came, and told me the prisoner, Harris, was taken, by a silver smith, before the justice.
Q. What is the silver-smith's name?
Spencer. His name is Hemming. A watchman came with her husband to me. I went with him, and saw the prisoner, Harris, in the watch-house. I asked him if he had stole any thing from my master. He said he had not. He said he found the bowl of a spoon towards Turnham-Green. I went to the silver-smith's and he was not at home. I returned to the watch-house, and there I heard the prisoner confess the taking the spoon. (Produced in court in two pieces.)
Q. Look at this spoon.
Spencer. This is my master's spoon, and one of the number I gave the prisoner to clean. Before the justice he confessed he had broke the spoon, and given it to the woman at the bar. I asked her after it, and she denied it. Then her husband said, '' Madam, are you confederate with this '' man.'' After that I saw her take the handle out of her bosom. They both confessed before the justice that he gave it to her when he was in the watch-house for her to throw away, or hide.
Q. Did Harris confess he stole it?
Spencer. He did.


                  John 
                  Mellons 
               



            . I went to the watch-house along with Mr. Spencer. I asked Harris about the spoon, and he told me he found it at Turnham-Green. After that I said you had better confess it, for perhaps Mr. Spencer will lose his place by it, or get some ill will. Then he said, '' If you '' will send for a glass of gin I will tell you.'' I sent for some. He drank a glass, and the woman at the bar with him another. Then he said he took the spoon out of the kitchen, in order to give it her to buy some gin for her to drink, and that she had ruin'd him.
Q. Was she in the hearing of this?
Mellons. She was not, for he said he would not confess if any body was by; so he and I went by ourselves.
Q. What was the whole of what he did confess?
Mellons. He said he broke the spoon in two pieces, and carried one part of the spoon to a silversmith to sell, and the silver-smith took him before the justice, and that she gave him that part to carry there.
Court. Where is Mr. Hemming?
Prosecutor. Mr. Hemming is not here.
Harris's Defence.
I happened to be a little in liquor that Sunday morning when I went to clean the spoons. I found one was crack'd, that I broke; upon which I thought I should get a great deal of anger, so I put it into my pocket and carried it to the silversmith's; not to sell it, but to see what it weigh'd, and he would not tell me what it weigh'd. He secured me, sent me to the Round-house, and from thence to Newgate.
String's Defence.
Harris gave me the handle of the spoon and bid me hide it. I put it in my bosom and did not know what it was; but at his request I took it. It was dark, about seven o'clock at night. I thought, be it what it would, I'd take care of it. God will revenge my cause I hope.
Harris 

               guilty
            .
String 

               acquitted
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


