





204. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mungotroid 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four ounces of thread, value 4 s. five ounces of sewing silk, 3038 yards of linen tape, 175 yards of quality binding. 96 yards of silk ribbon, 54 metal shirt sleeve buttons, 200 of needles, 2 pound of pins, 2 pounds weight of worsted, half a dozen of wax necklaces, and 6 bonnets, all to the amount of 7 l. 14 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Pine 
                  




                
            , Jan. 12
.


                  Henry 
                  Pine 
               



            . On the 12th of January last, about five in the evening, I sent some goods according to an order, to go by the Southampton waggon, at the Rose at Holbourn Bridge, pack'd up in a deal box.
Q. What are you ?
Pine. I am a haberdasher of small wares
.
Q. Who did you send them by?
Pine. By my servant, named 
               
                  Robert 
                  Callis 
               



            .
Q. What goods were there?
Pine. There were threads, tapes, needles, pins, quality bindings, and worsted.
Q. What was the value of the parcel ?
Pine. The whole came to 7 l. 14 s.
Q. Can you swear to any particular quantity?
Pine. There were 200 of needles, value 1 s. my servant did not return till ten o'clock.
Q. How far do you live from the inn?
Pine. My house is above a mile from it, I live in Tooley street, Southwark; when he returned he told me he had been rob'd.
Q. What have you got to say against the prisoner at the bar?
Pine. About the latter end of March, I hearing there was such a man in the Poultry Compter for putting off a bad note as my boy described, I went and took my servant with me, to see if he could pick him out; the boy went in, and there were about a dozen men standing in the yard, and the prisoner among them; the boy pick'd the prisoner out, and said that is the man. I took him before my Lord-mayor.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before?
Pine. I had several times.


                  Robert 
                  Callis 
               



            . I am sixteen years of age. I am servant to the prosecutor, who sent me on the 12th of January with a parcel of goods to the Rose Inn, Holbourn Bridge.
Q. Do you know what sort of goods they were?
Callis. They were threads, tapes, bindings, worsted, needles and pins.
Q. Did you see them before they were put into the box?
Callis. I saw them put into the box; going along Ludgate Hill, about half an hour after five o'clock, or something more, I met the prisoner and another man.
Q. Was it light or dark?
Callis. It was not dark. I turn'd up my head to let the box slip upon my shoulder, and look'd up and saw him well. He ask'd me where I was going, I said not a great way. They bid me take care I saw no more of them till I got to turn up the market, where I saw them both going up the inside of the market. I was near the houses.
Q. Did you tell them where you was going?
Callis. No, I did not; whether they saw the direction on the box I can't say. As I was going to the book-keeper, there stood the prisoner on the steps of a door, next to the White-Horse, within about fifty yards of the Rose-Inn; he stop'd me, and ask'd me where I was going; I said to the Rose Inn. He took hold of the top of the box and pull'd it off my head; then again I saw his face.
Q. What sort of a man was the other with him?
Callis. He was a short man. ( The prisoner was very tall.) The prisoner told me he was the bookkeeper.
Q. Where was the other man then?
Callis. He was gone then.
Q. Did the prisoner take it forceably?
Callis. He took it by force; my hand was on the cord. He hurt my hand very much. I went to the inn yard, and there was the book-keeper in the warehouse. I told him of it; he said I was rob'd of it, and there were a great many tricks done this way. Then I ran up and down all the turnings I could think of, but could not see any thing of them.
Q. When did you see him after this ?
Callis. I saw them both together about three weeks after that on Snow-Hill, but I was afraid, so did not speak to them.
Q. Did you see the prisoner after that time?
Callis. I did, in the Poultry-Compter. Master told me I should go along with him there. There was the prisoner. I went and pick'd him out from a dozen or more.
Q. Did any body point out the prisoner to you?
Callis. No; I knew him as soon as I saw him. I was there before my master.
Cross Examination.
Q. Could you distinguish the person's face so as to know him?
Callis. There is a lamp close over the door where he stood, and another very near it, and by those lamps I saw him plain, and I knew him by his dress; he had the same black coat on when he was in the compter.
Q. Before you went to the compter, or in going, did any body describe the prisoner?
Callis. No; I did not go with my master and the other gentleman, I went before.
Q. What time of the day was it that you met after him that on Snow-Hill ?

Callis. It was between three and four o'clock.
Q. Was it light ?
Callis. It was, and I knew him again.
Q. Why did you not speak to him?
Callis. I had nobody with me, and it is such a bad place I did not care to speak to him.
Q. Did you see any irons on him when you saw him in the compter ?
Callis. No, I did not.
Q. from prisoner. Did Mr. Neal, the man that went with your master to the compter, say he had any dealings with me?
Callis. No.
Q. Is the prisoner the book-keeper?
Callis. No
Wod. Cuel I am book-keeper at the Rose Inn, Holbourn Bridge. This boy came to me and said he had lost some things, as he was bringing them to me; a person had taken them that told him he was the book-keeper.
Q. What day of the month with it?
Cuel. I don't know; it was on a Wednesday night, the latter end of January, or beginning of February.


                  Thomas 
                  Woodman 
               



            . I am keeper of the Poultry-Compter; I was by when the boy pick'd out the prisoner from amongst seven or eight people.
Q. Had he any information from any person, before he pick'd him out?
Woodman. He had no information at all; he pointed him out before he went into the prison, by seeing him through the bars.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was at Hudersfield in Yorkshire at the time this box was stolen, the place where I was born; I never knew the time they designed to charge it upon me, till they arraigned me at the bar. One Neal brought the prosecutor and boy to the compter to see me, after I had been there three days; he said he'd give 50 l. to see me go up Holbourn-Hill to be hanged. It is all revenge. If I thought I had a drop of blood in my veins that would do such a mean thing, as to take such a box from such a lad, I would let it out immediately.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Mungotroid 
               



            . I live at Hudersfield in Yorkshire; I am father to the prisoner.
Q. What is his business ?
Mungotroid. He is an ironmonger by trade.
Q. Where was he on the 12th of January last?
Mungotroid. He was at Hudersfield in Yorkshire; he came to my house on Christmas-Eve, and staid, I think, till the 15th of January.
Q. Where was he, any one day of the year, besides the 12th of January?
Mungotroid. I don't know.
Q. What day of the month was Christmas-Eve ?
Mungotroid. It was the 24th of December.
Q. What day of the week did he go from your house ?
Mungotroid. I don't know.
Q. Which Christmas was it you mean ?
Mungotroid. I don't know which Christmas it was; I think we reckon it new Christmas.
Q. Don't you know what day he went from your house?
Mungotroid. I think it was on a Friday; Friday and Friday is eight, and Friday is fifteen, if I can remember.
Q. What day was the 15th of January?
Mungotroid. It was on a Friday.
Q. Who was he in company with, while he was at Hudersfield ?
Mungotroid. He was with several gentlemen.
Q. Where are they?
Mungotroid. They are at home; here is nobody here but me.
Q. By what do you know the day he went away?
Mungotroid. I know it was the 15th.
Prosecutor. The prisoner knew the day of the month he was charged with taking these things; when we were before my Lord-mayor, the boy and I too mention'd the day.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


