






142. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Gill 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one baize cloak, value 4 s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 3 s. one cheque apron, one cotton handkerchief
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Emmerton 
                  




                
            , January 23
. ||


                  John 
                  Emmerton 
               



            . I am a porter
 at Billinsgate


; the prisoner came to live servant
 with me on the 22d of January last; and on the 23d she took away the things mention'd in the indictment. On the Sunday after I took her near Old-Street, with the apron upon her. She said if I would not prosecute her, she would tell me where the other things were; as I was bringing her along she drew a long clasp knife at me (producing it) and swore she would go no farther. I held her fast, and brought her home; then she said she had ty'd the cloak under her petticoat, and if I would not prosecute her, she would let me have it; and that the other things were pawned in Bishopsgate-Street; but we had none of the things again but the apron.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Emmerton 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. On the 22d of January the prisoner came to live with me; and on the 23d she rob'd me of the things mention'd.
Q. How do you know it was she that took them?
E. Emmerton. When she was there, they all were there; but when she was gone, they were gone. I had the cloak in my hand about a quarter of an Hour before she went away. I saw her go out, but did not suspect her.
Q. What did she go out about?
E. Emmerton. She went out to sell some sprats; but did not return till my husband brought her. As my husband was going out to get some people to be witness to what she said, then she said she would not speak before any body, and snap'd her fingers at him, and said if she was to go out of the nation, she would go with the cloak about her shoulders. I ask'd her where she had pawn'd the other things? she said in Bishopsgate-street; I ask'd her where? she said she supposed I would charge a constable with her; and so she would not let me know where they were pawn'd. She gave me my apron, and said it is your apron, take it.
Q. from prisoner. Did not you lend me the apron to go out with, as mine was very dirty?
E. Emmerton. Upon my oath she never ask'd me to lend it her; if she had ask'd me, I should have lent it her, either that or the cloak; but I did not lend her any of the things.
Prisoner's defence.
I was at Billinsgate; they came to me, and ask'd me if I would come and live with them for a bit of victuals and drink; or whether they should let me have a little money to go to work with; he let me have a little money; then I bought some sprats, and went out with them, but did not come home that night; he came to me and swore that I had rob'd him of those things. I put the apron round my shoulders to keep the rain off; he said if you have not taken the things, you shall come and live with me again. When he was going along he put his hand to my throat and beat me sadly, and after he had hauled me about, he carried me before the justice.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


