





446. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hilton 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing three tin canisters, value 9 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Coxal 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said James
            , June 2
.


                  James 
                  Coxall 
               



            . I live in Featherstone-street, St. Luke's parish


. On the second of June, between 10 and 11 at night, I had been out, and when I returned, I found the prisoner in custody in my shop. On Monday he was taken before Justice Withers, there he confessed he conveyed tin canisters out of the shop to his companions; and my wife took him with a 3 d. in his hand concealed behind him.
Q. What do you value the three canisters at?
Coxall. The tea and all we valued at 9 s.
Court. Here is no tea in the indictment. What are the canisters themselves worth?
Coxall. The three canisters together cost ( second-hand ) 3 s. 6 d.


                  Catharine 
                  Coxall 
               



            . I heard a noise in my shop, about 8 o'clock, on Saturday the second of June; I stepped into the shop, there stood the prisoner with a canister in his hand; I took it out of his hand; then I missed the other two; I asked him what he had done with them? he denied he touch'd them. Before the justice I heard him own he came for a farthingworth of beer, and he had handed them out to his companions, which he said were 
               
                  Henry 
                  Brown 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  James 
               



            , who were waiting at the door.


                  James 
                  Coxall 
               



            . We were after these other two, could hear of them, but not find them. The prisoner's own uncle came before the justice, and said he should be glad to have him transported.
Prisoner's Defence. I went in for some beer; I was much in liquor; I knocked with a halfpenny; I had my hand upon the canister, but had no design to take it away.




               Guilty 3 s. 6 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


