





13. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Ware 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Dagg 
                  More 
               




             , Oct. 30
. ++
Dagg More. I was going along Fleet-street, near St. Dunstan's Church


, and had just roll'd my handkerchief up and put it into the bottom of my pocket; the prisoner came and pick'd it out of my pocket; he had endeavoured several times to push betwixt me and the wail, so I suspected him. I took him by the collar while he had it in his hand, and carried him before Justice Fielding.
Q. Did he own he took it?
More. No, he did not; but he said going along if I'd let him go he'd never do so any more.
Cross examination.
Q. By what do you know your handkerchief?
More. Here are the two initial letters to my name on it, 
               
                  D.
                   M. 
               



            ( produc'd and examin'd.)
Q. Did you feel him take it?
More. I perceived his hand in my pocket, and my handkerchief go.
Prisoner's Defence.
I pick'd up a handkerchief in Fleet-street, and coming by this gentleman he laid hold on me, and said I had picked his pocket, but I never touch'd his pocket.
To his Character.


                  Ambrose 
                  Price 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about a year.
Q. What is his general character?
Price. He has a very honest character.
Q. What is his business?
Price. He is in the watch way.


                  John 
                  Gregory 
               



            . I live in High Holbourn, I have known him a year and half; all the time I knew him he behav'd as an honest sober young man. He is a watch gilder by trade.


                  Ann 
                  Hayward 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was born, I never knew any harm of him.


                  Mary 
                  Seybourn 
               



            . I have known him from a child; I always took him to be an honest lad.


                  Charles 
                  Wright 
               



            . I am a cordwainer. I have known him from a child; I never heard any thing of him but that of an honest lad before this.


                  Michael 
                  Hebirt 
               



            . I am an enameller. I employ'd the prisoner to learn my business, and I have trusted him with every thing in my house.
Q. What is his general character?
Hebirt. It is very good.
Mrs. Welch. I keep the Bull and Butcher in Smithfield, I never heard any thing amiss of him before this.


                  Mary 
                  Whay 
               



            . I am a market woman, I have known him from a child; he is a very honest child as far as I know.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


