





58. (M) 
               
                  Ann 
                  Gregory 
               



            . spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one 30 s. piece, twenty guineas, three half guineas, and 11 s and d in money number'd,
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Lawranson 
                  




                
            , January 2
. ++
Abigall Lawranson. I have in New Palace Yard, the prisoner was my servant
; I missed money several times: the first time seven pounds. I missed it by four or five guineas at a time, and twenty-four pounds was found upon the prisoner when she was taken up.
Q. What reason have you to believe this was your money ?
A. Lawranson. She went away on the 2d of January, and on the 4th a person said to me he never saw the house so empty before of waterman. I said, I supposed they were all gone to the wedding (the prisoner was to have been married that day. He said, she does not want for money, for I saw her with 30 s. pieces, guineas and silver, to the amount of twenty pounds. I told my husband of it.
Q. Do you keep a publick house ?
A. Lawranson I do. I had told out 40 l. for the brewer. and laid they. When he came I said to him, here you He settled his book, counted the money, and said there was but 33 l. Then I saw him it over two or three times, and there was no more of
Q. Where did you use to put your money ?
A. Lawranson. I used to put it in a drawer in my escriore.
Q. Did you use to lock it?
A. Lawranson. We always did.
Q. Did you ever had the prisoner at it?
A. Lawranson. No, never. We had been very uneasy about the loss of money for some time. I thought my husband had made some mistakes, and he thought the same of me, not suspecting the girl at the bar, till we heard she had so much money. Then I told her I had lost the key of my drawer, and wanted to know if any of her keys would unlock it. She said she had but one, and delivered it to me; but finding that would not open it. I returned it to her again.
Q. How long had she lived with you?
A. Lawranson. She had lived with me six months, a fortnight, and three or four days. When she came to us she had no cloaths to her back, so I let her have 13 s. before it was due, to buy her a gown. After the money was found upon her she offer'd me a guinea, and took one out of her pocket, if I would not let her go to Bridewell; she felt down on her knee, asked me to forgive her and said, before the constable, that the money found upon her was mine, and that she had taken it out of the drawer.
Prisoner. Please to let the money be deliver'd up to me; then I am ready to take my trial, and will give an account how I came by it.


                  Joseph 
                  Lawranson 
               



            . My wife told me she had missed money at several times, and we were very uneasy, not knowing which way it could go. I began to think it was high time to give over business. As soon as my wife understood, from the old man, a waterman, that the girl had got so much money about her, I thought proper to get a warrant for her, which I did from Mr. Wright, in Palace Yard. Having intelligence she was somewhere in the Mint, in Southwark, I sent the constable and a porter there to see for her. The porter returned, and told me they had found her with a great deal of money about her. I went to justice Wright, got a search warrant, and went to the prisoner and constable.
Q. Was you by when she was searched?
Lawranson. No, I was not; the constable produced the money, which, he said, he found upon her.
Q. Was she by at the time?
Lawranson. She was, and said it was my property; that she took it out of the drawer at several times.
Q. What was the sum?
Lawranson. Twenty guineas, three half guineas, eleven shillings and six pence in silver, and a 36 s. piece. She would not confess how she got the drawer open, but said she found the buroe open. The constable after this insisted upon searching her, which he did, and found some tea spoons and other things somewhere about her stockings. She at last pretended they were her mother's but afterwards owned they were bought with my money.

Q. Did you promise to forgive her, on condition she would confess ?
Lawranson. No, I did not.
Court. Prisoner, have you any questions to ask your master ?
Prisoner. I will not speak till the money is delivered up.


                  John 
                  Munn 
               



            . I am a constable: I went over with a warrant in order to apprehend the prisoner at the bar, and in or near Mint Square I saw her running. I went and took hold of her, and said she must go along with me, for she had rob'd her master. She beg'd of me to let her go to a publick house, where she had an acquaintance. I said I should take her to a house where I had some purl, which I did. Then she beg'd leave to speak to the landlady of the house, and went into the bar to her. I thought I saw her put her hand under her arm and pull out a little purse, and offer it to the landlady. The landlady said, God forbid, held he hand up, and said to me, I believe here is the money you have been talking about. After that the prisoner denied she had any money; but when the landlady said there is money, for she put it to my hand, but I would not take hold of it; then the prisoner produced it to her; she delivered it to me, and I to the landlord, and desired him to count it, which he did; there were twenty guineas, three half guineas, a 36 s. piece, and eleven shillings and six pence in silver. Then I sent for a constable out of the Borough. He came, and we judged it proper to send for the prosecutor; so I did, and he came. Then I searched the prisoner, and found a silver cream pot, a pair of silver tea tongs, three little tea spoons, and a large table spoon in her stockings I ask'd her how she came by them. She said, they were bought with her master's property, and also that the money was his.
Q. Was you before a magistrate at her examina tion?
Munn. I was, and so was her master; she acknowledged the very same before justice Wright, both the money and plate.
Q. Were there any promises or threats made use of to induce her to confess ?
Munn. No, there were none at all.


                  Mary 
                  Gumse 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar, was an intire stranger to me. After the constable brought her into my house, she came to the bar to me, and desired to speak to me; she came into one corner of the bar and privately ca'd a purse into my hand, and desir'd I would take care of it for her. I said I would have nothing to do with it. and call'd to the constable to take it. Then the prisoner denied it, but the constable insisted upon her delivering it, and she produced it; at first she said it was her own. It was counted, to the best of my memory there were twenty guineas, three half guineas, a 36 s. piece, and 11 s. 6 d. in silver. I heard her own before the justice that it was her master's property.
The prisoner was call'd upon to make her defence. Her answer was. She did not chuse to speak till the money was delivered up.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


