





196. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Smith 
                  , otherwise 
Cox, otherwise 
Brown




            , widow was indicted for 


               stealing one copper stew-pan, two pair of jumps, one bodkin, one pair of scissars
             ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Newport 
                  




                
            , April 24
. ++


                  Eleanor 
                  Newport 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor, and am a stay-maker, and live in Rosemary-lane


; the prisoner worked for me, she left my house, I missed the stew pan, bodkin, and scissors; she was taken up, I had delivered the jumps to her to finish, she never returned them, she told the constable where she had pledged the stew-pan, and jumps; the bodkin and scissars were found upon her. (The jumps and stew pan, produc'd in court and deposed to.) I had lent her the stew-pan to fry some fish for her supper; she lodged in my house.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Mercy 
               



            . The prisoner lodged in Mrs. Newport's house, my mistress went out and left me in the shop; the prisoner staid out all night, she had four pair of jumps to finish up, we missed two pair of them; the prisoner was found in Mill-yard, she was taken before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , and charged with taking way the things mentioned, she confessed there in my hearing; that she took out the jumps in order to finish them; that she got in company, and got in liquor, and pawned them; and that she took the stew pan out and pledged that at one Mr. Prat's.


                  Thomas 
                  Jeffs 
               



            . On Wednesday was se'ennight I was fetch'd, being a Constable, and was charged with the prisoner, and took her to the watchouse; there were the bodkin and scissars lay near the prisoner, in the house where she was taken in Mill-Yard; I put her in the cage, and brought her to my own house the next morning; she told me where she had pawn'd the jump, to Mr. Jennings in Spittle-fields; she went with me and shew'd me the house ; after that she said the stew-pan was at Mr. Pratt's, carried there by a woman whom she sent with it.
Q. Did she say how she came by these things?
Jeffs. No, she did not.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had these two pair of jumps to make up, there came a woman that had a pair to mend, and I could have more of her, than for my mistresses work; I pawn'd her jumps to raise money to do them, thinking to fetch them again when I was paid; as to the stew-pan, I know nothing of it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


