





42. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Delmore 
                  , otherwise 
Delmar




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 7 guinea
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Waters 
                  




                
            , Nov. 3
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Waters 
               



            . The prisoner was servant
 in the house where I lodge. On the 3d of November I was informed by her mistress she was gone, and had taken her boxes away, and left the door open. Having missed things before, I went up to my room, examined my portmanteau, and missed 7 guineas which I had left tied up in a silk purse the day before. About 3 or 4 hours after that, her mistress was informed by the porter, who carried her boxes, where she was in Westminster. I went to justice Fielding and took out a warrant; then went with her master, and found her in a publick house. She cried very much, put her hand in her pocket, and gave me her purse.
Q. Was it your purse?
Waters. No, it was not, for that was left empty. She told me, there was my money. I turn'd it out, and found 6 guineas in gold, and 12 s. 6 d. with a pair of knee buckles of her mistress's, which she acknowledged. She was taken before justice Fielding, and there confessed she had taken my money.
Mr. Undershall. I live in Fetherstone Buildings


, the prisoner was my servant, and the prosecutor lodged at my house. On Monday the 3d of November I got up at 7 o'clock, and rang the bell for the maid to rise. A little after that I heard her get up, and go into the parlour and open the windows. I went to sleep again, and then people came and knock'd at the door. I got up, and found the street door open. I went into the kitchen, and found the prisoner's boxes gone. I then went to the person who recommended her to me, to tell him. When I return'd, my wife told me the prosecutor had been rob'd; then I applied to find the porter who carried her boxes, who told me where he had left her; we then got a warrant, and took her up. [ The re the prosecutor had deposed before.]



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


