





233. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Shefield 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver quart tankard, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Williamson 
                  




                
            , April 10
. ||


                  William 
                  Butler 
               



            . On the 1st of April, in the evening, I was at Mr. Williamson's house; I saw the prisoner set drinking in a box near the door, there was another person with him; I now and then looked at them and they at me; after I had been there some time, I turned my head, and Mrs. Williamson scream'd out the fellow is run away with my tankard; I, and several others ran after him ; a coachman told me, he was run down Lawrence-Poultney-lane, I went there, I saw somebody going as if they went through the rails; when I came to the court I saw a gentleman standing with a tankard in his hand, and the prisoner as if he was going into a house, I went and took hold on him.
Q. Was the prisoner drinking out of a tankard at the prosecutor's house?
Butler. He was, I saw it; the prisoner was brought back to the prosecutor's house; there he said it was real want that occasioned him to do it.


                  Anthony 
                  Merry 
               



            . A person ran by me with something white in his hand about half an hour after nine at night, about three weeks ago; I can't tell the day of the month, there was the cry, stop thief! I ran after him, he dropped the tankard at some rails on Lawrence-Poultney-Hill, and made up to a gentleman's door, as if he was going in; I took up the tankard, and another man took hold of the man; I gave the people the tankard that were by, and went home.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man that dropped the tankard ?
Merry. I can't be positive to that.


                  William 
                  Milton 
               



            . I was following the man, I saw Mr. Merry take the tankard up; I was before my Lord-Mayor, and there heard the prisoner own he stole it out of the prosecutor's house.


                  James 
                  Grant 
               



            . I am constable; I carried the prisoner before my Lord-Mayor, there he owned he stole the tankard out of the house, where he had been drinking in Nicholas-lane. (The tankard produced in court and deposed to by 
               
                  John 
                  Williamson 
               



            , the prosecutor, who said he keeps the Windmill in Nicholas-Lane. )
Prisoner's Defence.
The person that was drinking with me named 
               
                  George 
                  Henley 
               



            , ran out with the tankard, I was a lighting my pipe, I was surprized, and ran after him; he dropped it in the street, and they took me in his room.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


