





420 (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Kirkwood 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing two silk gowns, value 10 s. one silk petticoat, value 5 s. one cloth cloak, value 1 s. one cambrick handkerchief, value 6 d. one cotton handkerchief, value 4 d one linnen petticoat value 1 s. and one linnen apron value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Nichols 
                  




                
            , August 25
. *.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Nichols 
               



            . I lodge at a house in Old-Gravel-lane


; I lost the goods mentioned in the indictment. (mentioning them all over) this day fortnight, they were taken away out of a box; I was ill and kept my bed, they were in another room from whence they were taken, but I did not see them taken, or miss them, till I was informed they were gone.
Q. Was the box lock'd?
E. Nichols. I cannot say whether it was or not.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner ?

E. Nichols. He lodged in the same house, and from that time he deserted his lodgings; he was taken up and confessed the taking the things to me and others, before we went to the justice of peace; he said he left them at a friend's house, and told us where he lived, I went there and found them accordingly, (produced in court and deposed to.)
Elison Mood. I have known the prisoner 32 years, and never knew a bad action of him before.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner confess any thing?
Mood. I did, he confess'd he took all the things out of the box, I pawn'd part of them for the prisoner, and fetch'd them again when I found whose they were.


                  Richard 
                  Rook 
               



            . I am constable, and was sent for to the house of one Roy, where the prosecutrix lodg'd. Roy had been to Greenwich, and fetch'd the prisoner from thence, he gave me charge of him; the prisoner confess'd the taking the things the prosecutrix has mention'd; and said they were at a house in Chiswel-street. I went there, the person deliver'd them to me, and said, he lent the prisoner 18 s upon them.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Price 
               



            . I never heard any ill of the prisoner in my life, before that, and I have him 20 years. I believe it was hardship that was the cause of his doing of it.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


