





145. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Leonard 
                     Baker 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing fifteen shillings in money, numbered
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Carr 
                  




                
            , Feb. 23
.* 
Sarah Carr. I live at the Queen's-head, Queen-street, Cheapside


; the prisoner came to live with me last Friday; I called him up on Sunday-morning in order to make a fire about half an hour after seven o'clock; about an hour after that I called my daughter up; and I heard a great noise below; I heard an uncommon voice say, Mr. Carr, what is your doors open. I got out of bed and came down part of the stairs, and saw the pestil lying in one place, and the mortar in another, on the floor in the kitchen; I went down, and missed three shillings and six-pence in halfpence, that the prisoner at the bar had put into a pewter tankard in a woollen cap the night before, which was his own that he brought from his last place. I had bought a coat for my daughter and left the money in the mortar, which was fifteen shillings, and told her if the man brought it to pay him, the boy at the bar knew of my putting it there. I know it was in the mortar at twelve at night when I went to bed, but it was gone when I got up and the prisoner too; about eleven o'clock on the Monday the prisoner was brought home by a man that knew him.
Q. Was any money found upon him?
S. Carr. No, he had none about him.
Q. How old is he?
S. Carr. He is about fifteen years of age; we told him if he would tell us the truth we would do nothing to him, but he would not own any thing. We took him before the alderman, there he confessed what he had done with the money, and said an old man, which we found to be innocent, was concerned in it.


                  Francis 
                  Cockayne 
               



            . The prisoner went from my service on the Friday; I heard he had robbed his master on the Sunday, he was taken, and I went to him in the Compter, and asked him how he came to be so wicked as to rob his master, he said an old Dutchman got him to do it; he said, the Dutchman came into his master's house in the morning before his master and mistress were up, and threatened to stab him with a knife if he did not give him that money, and he fetched it and gave it him, and they went away and were all night together. I apprehended he was telling me a parcel of lies, I begged he would tell me the truth, and said, he would fare the better for it, and worse if he did not; then he told me the Dutchman was not with him when he committed the robbery, but said he took the fifteen shillings out of the mortar. I asked him how he came to look in the mortar for money? he said, his young mistress gave him some brass to scower and he saw the money in the mortar over-night, as he had to do with the brass things near it. I asked him what he had done with the money? he told me he owed one of the princess dowager of Wales's servants eleven shillings, named Parker, and where he lived. I sent a servant to inquire, and I found he had paid him the money he said he owed him. He is a poor man's son at Gloucester, and has no friends in town.
Prisoner's defence.
If I could be cleared I would take care to pay the money back again.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


