





274. (L.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Radshaw 
                     



                  , otherwise 
Sarah Radshaw, widow





            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Walker 
                  




                
            , May 27
. ++


                  John 
                  Walker 
               



            . On the 27th of May I was in the fields going to Stepney, with the prisoner. We lay upon a hay-cock together.
Q. Was you acquainted with her before?
Walker. I have known her 16 or 18 years; we were neighbours children.
Q. How long were you together that night?
Walker. From 11 over night to 3 the next morning. I had turn'd the chain of my watch within-side my breeches, when I lay down. When I awaked about 3 o'clock I was all alone, and found my watch was gone.
Q. Was any other person with you?
Walker. No; we were by our two selves. I took her up in the Minories about 5 o'clock that night. She would not confess she had it.
Jos. Collet. I am constable; I was sent for to a publick-house; the prosecutor there charged me with the prisoner, for stealing his watch. I went out and got a watchman; and going along she said she wanted to ease herself. I bid the watchman be modest, and let her sit down. After that she said she wanted again; and after that again; and made a halt each time. Then I suspected she had the watch about her, and wanted to shift it. As we were bringing her through Aldgate she gave her cloaths a shug up; the watchman then put his hand into her bosom, and took out a watch. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Lee, the watchman, confirmed the constable's evidence.
Prisoner's defence.
I'll take my affidavit I never saw a watch upon the prosecutor; I found that watch lawfully; and when he challenged me with it, I did not think it was his watch; for he could neither read or write.
To her character.
Elis. Studd. The prisoner is a poor honest child, and gets her living by buying old cloaths.


                  Sarah 
                  Dyer 
               



            . I have known her from a very little girl; I never heard of any fault she ever did.


                  Mary 
                  Read 
               



            . I knew her before she was half a year old; she is my brother's child; I never knew her in any scrape in my life, in any way of robbing.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


