





229. (L.) 
               
                  James 
                  Lapham 
               



             was indicted for 


               breaking the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Weight 
                        




                      
                   on the 18th of March
, about seven at night, and stealing ten silk handkerchiefs, value 27 s. and seven pair of horsehair, glove-tops, value 20 d.
             the goods of the said Joseph. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Weight 
               



            . I live in Fleet-street


; on the 18th of March I was sitting in a room behind my shop, about seven at night a man came and said a boy had stole some handkerchiefs, he had the prisoner in his hand; we searched him, and found seven pair of horsehair glove-tops, and four silk handkerchiefs in his bosom, and two in his breeches behind, the other four were dropped on the ground where he was laid hold on; [ produced in court and depos'd to.] I took him before my Lord-Mayor, and he was committed.


                  Henry 
                  Atterbury 
               



            . I was coming down Fleet-street at that time and saw the prisoner standing at the prosecutor's window; before I got to the door I heard the glass break; I saw the boy run away. I went and told Mr. Weight a boy had broke his window; I ran after the boy, and called out, stop him; the prisoner was stopped near the end of Salisbury-Court. I brought him back and some handkerchiefs which were found dropped near him; he put the handkerchiefs in his bosom when I brought him along.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was walking along and found these handkerchiefs on the ground, and I had no other place to put them in but my bosom and breeches; I am but between ten and eleven years of age.




               Acquitted of the burglary, Guilty of felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


