






14. 15. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Simpson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Parker 
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing two odd shoes, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Mairis 
                  




                
            , Oct. 25
. ++
Parker 


               pleaded guilty
             as soon as set to the bar.


                  Robert 
                  Mairis 
               



            . On the 25th of Oct. the two prisoners came to my shop, and Parker desir'd I'd measure him for a pair of shoes. I measur'd his foot, and after they were gone I missed two odd shoes, made of callimanco; about an hour after that I was sent for to Justice Welch, where were the two prisoners and the two odd shoes (I have the fellows to cach to produce.)


                  Thomas 
                  Gibons 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, ( he produced two shoes.)
Q. to prosecutor. Look at these shoes.
Prosecutor. They are my property, there is my name on each of them.
Gibons. Parker brought these shoes to me.
Q. Did he come alone ?
Gibons. I did not know that any body was with him then, but afterwards I found there was. I asked him how long the shoes had been made, he said about a fortnight. I said they were not made so long; he would have laid me a guinea on it, and that one 
               
                  John 
                  Edwards 
               



             made them; he went out to fetch him, as he pretended. I followed him, and heard him say to Simpson, Damnation to the shoes, they are stopt; then we thought proper to take them. My father took Simpson, and I pursued Parker, who took a run round, and I seized him as he came very near my door.
Q. Where was Simpson when Parker went out to him?
Gibons. He was walking backwards and forwards, within about 3 or 4 yards of my door in the alley.
Gibons the Elder. Parker brought these shoes to me. I asked him how he came by them, he said they were given to him by a countryman to pawn. I desir'd he'd be so good as to fetch him; he went out of the shop, my son looked after him, and said there is another man join'd him; I went out, and they parted. Parker went down Little Queen-street, and Simpson cross'd the way; I went over to Simpson and asked him if he knew that gentleman, he said what gentleman, I said that gentleman that was with you; he made a stop for some time, and said a man spoke to me and ask'd me to go and drink a glass of wine. I ask'd Simpson if he'd go to our house and look at the gentleman; to see if he knew him; he said yes. I said if you know him to be an honest man, you'll give him a character; he came with me, my son had taken Parker, and I ask'd Simpson if he knew him; he said he was a very honest young man, and no doubt but he can give an account how he came by the shoes. Then I took them before the justice, and they were both committed. We found the prosecutor out by his name being on the shoes.
Prisoner's Defence.
Parker asked me to go into this shoemaker's shop to bespeak a pair of shoes, after that he told me he had something to pledge, and said he had some money to pay to a person in Newgate-street. There was an execution against him. He bid me stay without till he came, which I did.



               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


