





24. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Peart 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of shoebuckles, one silver knee-buckle, one metal medal, two half guineas
            , the goods and money of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Trimmer 
                  




                
            , November 3
. +.


                  Samuel 
                  Trimmer 
               



            . I live at Haggerstone


. On the 3d of November there was a fire next door to me, I> throwed my goods all out at my window; some of them were carried safe, there were three drawers in a bureau in which were some plate, they put into my yard. I came down stairs after I staid as long as I could; then I found the lower part of my house was clear'd into the garden; then I look'd about me, to see who I had with me. I saw the prisoner walking in the yard, after that I thought of my effects in the cellar, I called for help and got in there, I had help till I got best part out. After which I was pulled out of the window, with my shoes and stockings burnt, I missed several things and had intelligence that there was room to suspect the prisoner. I got my Lord Mayor's warrant on the Wednesday morning, I went to this house and found his daughter; I asked her if her father had not given her some plate? she said he had a hat-buckle and a medal ; she show'd me the medal it is a mixt mettle, and said the hat buckle is at a pawn-broker's. She went with me, the pawnbroker delivered it to me, it was pawn'd for 1 s. 6 d. The prisoner was brought to me at the Red-Cross in Red-cross-street, by Mr. Fuller. I said to him, do you know me ? he said he remembered something of me. The constable held the candle down under the table. I looked on the buckles in his shoes, and knew them to be mine. I ordered them to be taken out, which they were, [the three buckles and medal produced in court and depos'd to.] I lost several poundsin money, but I cannot fix it on the prisoner.
Q. Had you those things in your house at the time of the fire?
Trimmer. I had, my Lord; the prisoner seemed to be exceeding busy at the fire. After I came to my self, being almost spent, he was cutting my window, where there was no danger, I said, pray don't go to do me more damage, he said d - n you, I'll take it all down. Mr. Brian spoke to him to desist, so I took the hatchet out of his hand.


                  Henry 
                  Fuller 
               



            . On the third of last month, the prisoner came home about ten at night, he said he had been at a fire at Hagerstone with one Mr. Rule. On the next day in the morning, my wife informed me he had given his daughter a knee buckle to wear in her hat, and when I came home at night, she inform'd me the girl had showed her a pair of silver shoe-buckles and a medal, and that she said she had a box of stones. I was at home, his daughter and my wife were with me; he came in and asked his daughter if she wanted any money? the girl said yes? he asked her if she would have gold or silver; she said half-pence would do, so he pulled out a linen bag, but I was reading. I did not see the money, but heard it chink; he gave her some halfpence, and said I have got a piece of gold left still. On Tuesday morning I went to work, he did not, we are both carpenters, and work together. Mr. Rule was at work with me, he was at the fire. I asked him if the gentleman had given the prisoner any thing for assisting at the fire? he said he did not know. Said I, his daughter show'd my wife several things; he was all of a tremble, and said, I wish the gentleman is not robb'd. The prisoner told us he was going to buy himself a new waistcoat. I saw him that day at night with one on, we not having opportunity to talk then, agreed to meet at the Green-Dragon in Moorfields to talk more about it, so after I had done work, I went and found Mr. Rule there. We agreed to acquaint the Gentleman of it, which we did. I described the silver shoe-buckles to him, with mens faces upon them, he said he had had them several years by him, and also an odd knee buckle; so he agreed to come the next day with a warrant; he did, and sent for me to the Anchor in Coleman-street, to take up the girl. Rule and I were sent by the prosecutor to secure the girl; we met the prisoner at the end of Beach-lane, we brought him in at the Red cross to the prosecutor. The constable told him he had a warrant against him from my Lord Mayor, for robbing that man at the fire, and that we had found some things already. The prosecutor ordered the candle to be held down, he look'd at the silver buckles in his shoes, and said they were his property. Then the constable took them out. I was with him before my Lord Mayor, he there said he found the buckles just by the place where the prosecutor took the out of his hand. When he was going to Newgate, he said he found a bag on the floor, but said rat me, there was not above 2 d farthing in it, that he found a box, but there was nothing in it but gum, and that when his acquaintance came to hear he was in trouble, he should get the things and he'd send them to the gentleman.


                  James 
                  Rule 
               



            . The prisoner went with me to the fire, he was a fellow workman with me. I was at the taking of him at the end of Beach-lane. He confirmed the testimony of Fuller.


                  Mary 
                  Fuller 
               



            . I am wife to Henry Fuller. When the prisoner came home from the fire, he came into our room and asked for his daughter, he said he had been at Mr. Rule's, and there was a fire happen'd just by. My husband asked if he help'd at the fire ? he said he did. On the Monday morning I was ill in bed, his daughter came and said, her father had given her a buckle for her hat, and I saw these silver buckles in the prisoners shoes. That night he said he bought them, and that they cost 22 s and 6 d; he bid me take the candle and look at them: he asked his daughter if she wanted any money, she said yes. I saw him pull out a linen bag, and take out half a guinea, and said he had got a bit of gold yet.


                  Samuel 
                  Brian 
               



            . When the prosecutor's house was on fire, I went to it; as the fire increased, he gave me his bureau to take out. The prisoner was standing by when I put down the drawers, he kept by them some time.


                  Benjamin 
                  Bull 
               



            . I am positive these shoe-buckles are the property of the prosecutor my master, I have taken them in and out of the snowglass a hundred times.



                  John 
                  Howard 
               



            . I am the constable ; on the 6th of Nov Mr. Trimmer came to me with a warrant to serve on the prisoner. I went to the prisoner's house, there I found his daughter. I examin'd her about the effects mention'd in the warrant, she took the medal out of her pocket and said her father gave it her and the knee buckles ; we kept her in custody till we found her Father; he was brought in at the Red-Cross in Red-Cross-Street. I took the candle and held it to his feet; the prosecutor said they were his property, they were taken off, I have had them in my custody ever since. I took him before my Lord Mayor; there he said he found the buckles near the place where Mr. Trimmer demanded the ax from him, and at Newgate he said he found a bag with 2d farthing in it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I picked them buckles up in the field, 7 or 8 foot from the wall, joining to the prosecutor's garden, when he brought out a link, neither did I swear once at him, I said let it burn and welcome. I stood still and did not stir.
To his Character.
Mr. Blackden. I am a carpenter, and live in Coleman-Street. I have known the prisoner about 7 years, I have had no doubt about his honesty, the other witnesses and he were all my servants, I believ'd them all honest.


                  John 
                  Maddock 
               



            . I am a Carpenter, I have known the prisoner 10 years. I have often worked with him, he always bore a good character.


                  John 
                  King 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 20 years. I have trusted him many times in my house, he has had opportunities to have done me injuries if he would; I never had room to suspect him.


                  Benjamin 
                  Beal 
               



            . I have known him 2 years and have done business with him, where has been hundreds of pounds value, and never knew him to wrong any body.


                  William 
                  Preston 
               



            . I have known him 30 years, we were fellow prentices together. I never heard any thing of him, but that of an honest hard working man.


                  Thomas 
                  Draper 
               



            . I have known him between 7 and 8 years, I take him to be a working honest-man.


                  Thomas 
                  Cliff 
               



            . I have known him 5 or 6 years. I never heard any but he was a very honest man, I believe him so.


                  John 
                  Carter 
               



            . I have known him about 7 years, I have employed him several times in my house, I always deemed him a very honest man.
Silcocks Crosier. I never heard any thing dishonest of him in my life.
Prosecutor. Maddock came and offered me, if 4 or 5 pounds would do, he would give it to be favourable to the prisoner.
Maddock. I said it is a sad thing to take away a man's life, and said I would give 4 or 5 pounds to moderate the thing. I went on my own accord, no body sent me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


