





106. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Gorge 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 10 s. one silver tea-spoon value 2 s. and one cotton handkerchief
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Tho.
                      Summerson
                  




               
            , Jan. 26
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Summerson 
               



            . The prisoner came into my house for a penny-worth of beer the 26th of Jan. about eleven at night. I have known her three years. She sat down by the fire to warm herself. I went up to bed and left my wife and this little girl the evidence here with her. The large spoon was then in the bar; the little one in a corner cupboard in the kitchen. I was called up in about ten minutes after, and my wife told me the prisoner had taken a spoon. She accused the prisoner with it. The prisoner said she knew nothing of it, making use of a great deal of ill language. I was tying my garter up by the fire and saw part of the great spoon lying among the ashes. I took it up, and put the poker in the ashes to see for the teaspoon, and found the cotton handkerchief and the tea-spoon there; then I charged a constable with her, and she was committed.
Q. Did you ever hear her confess she had put them in the ashes?
Summerson. No, I did not.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hawkins 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; after my master was gone to bed, the prisoner sent me into the kitchen to get some butter, and when I was coming back into the tap room, I saw the prisoner in the bar, with her hand up to the cupboard. I had been gone about three minutes. I had put the large spoon there but a little before my mistress went up stairs. When she came down, I called her on one side and told her what I had seen. She went to the cupboard and missed the table spoon. Then my mistress asked her about it, but she denied it. Then I called my master, who came down. The prisoner had seen me put the tea-spoon that afternoon into a cupboard in the kitchen, so we went to look for that, and that was gone also. When she went before the justice, he asked her if she had been guilty of any thing before. She said no, she never was before that time. I saw the spoons and handkerchief found in the ashes. The spoons and handkerchief produced in court and deposed to.
The constable. I heard the prisoner say before the justice, she never did so before.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of it.
To her Character.


                  Ann 
                  Steele 
               



            . I have known her seven years. I never knew any harm of her.


                  Mary 
                  Freese 
               



            . I have known her four years and a half; she has got her bread in a very honest way.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


