





223. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Hust 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Berry 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jones 
               



            , April 21. *
Robert Berry. I went out on a Sunday morning, a month next Sunday; I left my watch hanging up on a nail in the Kitchen in the house of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jones 
               



            ; I went out, and returned in about half an hour, and it was gone. I heard the prisoner had taken it; I went to her house, and she confessed to me she did take it, and so she did also before justice Fielding.
Q. Did she say how she took it?
Berry. She told me she came into the kitchen to light a candle, and she took it from off a nail.
Q. Does she belong to the house?
Berry. She does not.
Q. Did you ever meet with the watch again?
Berry. No, I never did; she said she went to the constable's house, and shewed it there; and one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Perry 
               



             came and took the watch, and he and two or three more ran away with it.


                  Thomas 
                  Jones 
               



            . I saw the watch hanging there when we went out in the morning, and it was missing when I came home. We took up a man that lodged in the house upon suspicion; but the next day she owned she had taken it, then we discharged him.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner own she took it?

Jones. I did, before the justice; and heard her say Perry took the watch from her. We took Perry up; but there was not sufficient proof against him, so he was let go again.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going to a chandler's-shop for some sand, and there came a man and asked me to carry a watch to pawn. I went to carry it; going along, 
               
                  Tom 
                  Perry 
               



             snatched it out of my hand. When I knew this man lost the watch, I went and let him know of it, and had Perry taken up. He was carried before the justice; he is a gambler, and there came about twenty Iriishmen to swear for him, and he was cleared.
Q. to Berry. Did she come to you and tell you Perry had the Watch?
Berry. No, she did not; another woman came and told me the prisoner had taken it, and I went to her, and asked her if she took it, and she said yes, I did; I took it to the constable's house, and 
               
                  Tom 
                  Perry 
               



             took it from me.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


