





281 (L) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Newman 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one hand saw, val. 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pond 
                  




                
            .

April 24
. ++


                  William 
                  Pond 
               



            . On the Thursday after Easter last I lost this saw, producing one. I advertised it on the Saturday following, and Mr. Brewin, a pawnbroker, inform'd me he had taken it in, so I had it again ; but as I was not at home when it was lost, can give no account of that.


                  Thomas 
                  Mead 
               



            . I am Mr. Pond's apprentice; on Tuesday morning about 10 o'clock, the 24th of April, I used this saw, and on the day following I wanted it, but it was gone: my master was in the country, he returned on the Wednesday night, I told him it was missing, and he advertis'd it.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner?
Mead. I never saw him in my life before he was taken up to my knowledge.


                  James 
                  Brewin 
               



            . I live at the corner of Hosiar-lane, Snow-hill; the prisoner at the bar brought this saw to me to pawn on the 24th of April, he said it was his own saw, and that he had it made for him longer than ordinary, because he did not choose to stoop at his work, so I lent him three shillings on it. Some little time after I saw the advertisement and found it answered the descriptions, so I sent to Mr. Pond, who came and own'd it; but left it in my custody, in case the prisoner should come again to secure him. The prisoner came again in about three weeks after, and brought another saw to pawn, I jumped over the compter and secured him, he was taken before Sir 
               
                  Henry 
                  Marshal 
               



            , where he said he bought it of a man in the street, but could give no satisfactory account about it.
Prisoner's Defence.
Coming up Coleman-street a man came to me and said, you look like a Carpenter; I said I am one. He said will you buy this saw, I look'd upon it, and found it one of White's make; he ask'd 4 s. for it, and I bought it for Half-a-crown and three half-pence; but can't say I know the man.



               Guilty
            .
See him tried befor e No. 496. in alderman Blachford's mayoralty.




[Transportation. See summary.]


