





80. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Randolph 
                     Banks 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 4 cloth coats, value 3 l. 1 pair of cloth breeches, value 8 s. 1 cloth waistcoat, value 10 s. 3 Russia drab frocks, value 12 s. 5 fustian frocks, value 28 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Leonard 
                           Lee 
                        



                      
                  ; and 1 cloth coat the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jenkins 
                        



                      
                  , in the shop of 
                     
                        Leonard 
                        Lee 
                     



                  , privately
            , March 12, 1755
.* 
Leonard Lee. I am a woollen-draper and salesman
. The goods mentioned were lost on the 12th of March last. I only know the goods to be my property, and the coat Thomas Jenkins's. I advertised the things, and Mr. Welch, who was then chief constable, took the evidence 
               
                  Charles 
                  Cain 
               



             and one West in Black-Boy Alley on the 15th of the same month. West and one Pryer have since been tried, cast, and executed for it. We had the goods here in court on their trial, but they are disposed of now.


                  Thomas 
                  Jenkins 
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Lee on the 12th of March last; on that day, between five and six in the evening I had taken in part of those goods, which had hung up at the door, and laid them across the counter. The great coat was mine. I step'd out at the door to speak to a country customer for a little time, and when I came in again the goods were gone.
Q. How long had you been gone out?
Jenkins. Perhaps it might be half an hour. We advertised the goods with two guineas reward. The Saturday morning Mr. Welch the high constable call'd on me and said, I fancy we have got some of your goods; if you will come to Mr. Fielding's about ten o'clock, you may see them. We went there, and there we saw them. I knew them well, being mark'd with my own hand. There were four articles not found, that is, my coat and three other things.
Q. Was the prisoner taken then?
Jenkins. No, he was not. Cain turn'd evidence, and declared the whole affair.


                  Charles 
                  Cain 
               



            . On the 12th o f March last I, 
               
                  Randolph 
                  Banks 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  West 
               



            , and 
               
                  Francis 
                  Pryer 
               



            , went to Mr. Lee's shop to get a great coat that had hung at the door; the door was shut, but the upper part was open, and the great coat taken in; they all went past except myself. I said to them, are you all blind, and said the door was open. They all came back, and 
               
                  John 
                  West 
               



             went into the shop and took out a bundle of frocks; I stood half in the shop and half out. The prisoner stood by the sign-post of the Bull and Gate, Holbourn. I took the frocks from the West and deliver'd them to Banks.
Q. How far is the Bull and Gate sign from the prosecutor's door?
Cain. It is about 20 yards, distant; in the whole we got 5 coats, 1 waistcoat, 1 pair of breeches, 6 frocks, and a great coat. We carried them to Randolph Banks's mother's house, from thence to Black-Boy Alley, where we sold them; two of us went down Fleet-Street, and two down Holborn, and so met there.
Q. What did you sell them for?
Cain. We sold them for 55 s. The next day I heard there was two guineas reward advertised for the things; in a day or two after, Mr. Welch came with a file of musqueteers, and took me and West out of Black-Boy Alley, on suspicion of stealing them; and in about a fortnight after they took 
               
                  Francis 
                  Pryer 
               



            , they have both suffer'd for it; the prisoner has kept off ever since. Some of the goods they found in Black-Boy Alley, and as Mr. Welch was going homewards with them, I told him where they were taken from, and he sent for the prosecutor and told him of it.
Q. Did you give the same evidence on that trial as you have now?
Cain. I did.
Q. from prisoner. Did you know me at that time?
Cain. The prisoner was the first person that was the occasion of my leaving my friends. He served the bock to my father, who is a plaisterer. We went picking of pockets together.

Q. From whence did you all set out the night you did this robbery ?
Cain. We set out from the Crown at the Seven Dials, with intent to take cloaths from this shop-door.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of it.
To his character.


                  Jane 
                  Webb 
               



            . I have known the prisoner these 10 years. He has been an honest lad, as far a I know, excepting this fact.


                  Mary 
                  Goodwin 
               



            . I never heard any thing against him before this, though I have known him these 14 years.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the shop
            .
See the trial of West and Pryer for the same fact. No 179 and 180, in Mr. alderman Janssen's mayoralty.




[Transportation. See summary.]


