





88. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Gyles 
                  , otherwise 
Friday




            , spinster
; was indicted for 


               stealing two gold rings, value 22 s. two half guineas, and ten shillings in money, numbered
            ; the goods and money of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Banford 
                  




                
            , widow
; Dec. 4
. *
Sarah Banford. The prisoner came into my house the 4th of December, for a pint of beer; she desired to toast a piece of bacon at the fire; she had a little knife like a pen-knife; she got to my pocket as I sat by her, and took out two Half-guineas, two gold rings, and some silver. When she had done, she got up and ran away, and left half her pint of beer; I presently ran after her, but never catch'd her 'till the Saturday following, in St Giles's.
Q. Did you perceive her to take the things?
Banford. I did not mind her when she was doing it; I took her before Justice Fielding, he could not make her confess any thing for a great while; I offered to give her the money if she would confess the rings; then she confessed to the Justice.
Q. Where did she say the rings were?
Banford. She confessed she had taken them and pawned them to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Western 
               



            ; the Justice sent to her, she came and brought the rings and shew'd them to the Justice.
Q. Do you know what money you had in your pocket at that time?
Banford. I had told it to pay the distiller; and I missed the money as soon as she was gone, and there was no body in the house at that time but the prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Western 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar pawn'd the two gold rings with me, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davenport 
               



            .
Q. When?
Western. On the 4th of December. Produced in court.
Q. What did you lend her upon them?
Western. I lent her a guinea upon them.
Q. to prosecutrix. Look at these rings?
Prosecutrix. These are my property, and what I lost at that time; the prisoner said she was going into Staffordshire, and wanted a little money to carry her down.
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


