





314. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Cain 
                  



widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one bushel of golden-pippin apples, value 10 s. and one wicker basket, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Morton 
                     Spire 
                  




                
            , October 15
. ++


                  Morton 
                  Spire 
               



            . I live in Sea-coal-lane; my wife is a Saleswoman in the Fleet-market


, she sells goods by commission, divers sorts of fruit: the prisoner was taken into custody for taking a basket with a bushel of golden-pippins from her shop-door. I was sent for, and we took her before Mr Alderman Alexander, there she confessed the fact; and likewise she owned to me, as I was going with her to Bridewell, that she did take them away.
Mrs Spire. Last Monday was se'nnight, I lost a bushel of golden-pippins from where I sell fruit in the Fleet-market. I told Mrs Chambers of it, and she ran out of her own stall, and by enquiring, who had been seen with such fruit, she found the prisoner: The basket produced in court and deposed to.
Mrs. Chambers. On the fifteenth of this month, I was in my shop near Mrs Spire's, she got up, and said she had lost a bushel of golden-pippins, which cost her ten shillings. I ran to the top of the market, and by enquiring, found a woman had gone up Black-horse-alley, into Fleet-street, in which is the sign of the Plough; I found a woman had been in there, and was gone out again, but had left the basket there empty. I went out, and at the end of the market, I was shewed to the prisoner, and told she had a bushel of pippins; I took hold of her, and charged her with taking them: she down upon her knees, and said, She had out-lived all her acquaintance, and wanted to be either hanged or transported, or else she would cut her own throat. I found she lived in Bare-lane Clare-market. I went there, and found the bushel of golden-pippins in a narrow sieve.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Abbot 
               



            . On the fifteenth of this instant; I saw the prisoner bring in this basket with apples in it, at the Plough in Black-horse-alley, where I live; she went through the tap-room, and set them down in the kitchen, and went out and brought in a woman with another basket, and put the apples out into the other basket, and left this basket here produced, at our house, and helped them on the woman's head, and away they went.


                  Susannah 
                  Evans 
               



            . I live at the Plough Black-horse-alley, Fleet-street; the prisoner came into our kitchen, and desired she might leave some apples there, 'till she brought a woman to fetch them away; she went out and came in again with a woman, and emptied the basket into another, and left this behind, and the other woman carried the apples away, and she went out with her.
Prisoner's defence.
On Monday was a week, was the day that this happened, I walk'd about the market to see what I could get best for my purpose; I saw nothing but rubbish; I came up to this Spire's shed, there was a man ask'd her the price of her golden pippins; she said, twelve shillings; he said he would give her ten shillings; said she, I gave ten myself; I said, I think he is a good customer; after he went away, I ask'd her the price of a bushel; she said, she would not bate me any thing of eleven shillings; I said, I do not think I can make eleven shillings of them; then there came a man, and bought a bushel; he gave her some half-pence; she said, curse the half-pence; I said, if you will take my money I'll give you all silver; I said, I had no basket; said she, I'll not let my basket go upon any account; I paid her eleven shillings all in silver, and said I would return again with the basket, as soon as I can meet with a basket-woman; if I go into eternity I will not tell a lie for it; when I was gone, she said, stop the woman with the basket; Pox on you, said I, do not you get a shilling, and I will soon return the basket; I went and set them up at the Plough, and then went to look for a basket-woman to carry them, and left the basket with intent to return it; I went down into the market again, and one of her companions in the way of higgling took hold on me, and Mrs Spire's came; do not you know that I gave you eleven shillings for them, said I, at the time that the man paid you some half-pence; said she, I do not know whether you did or not. If right takes place I ought to swear a robbery against them, for having my goods torn back again after I had paid for them; no, no, here is a Judge here and another in Heaven; they made such a halloo-belloo nothing could be like it; I was obliged to give up my own basket and my own apples; my sieve and my apron; and I had nothing in my pocket but two-pence half-penny.
Q. to Mrs Spire. Did the prisoner cheapen the apples.
Spire. No: I never saw her in my life to my knowledge, 'till Mrs Chambers found her; nobody had ever cheapened that fruit.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation.]


