





485. 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Gale 
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton waistcoat, value 2 s. five pair of worsted stockings, value 5 s. and other things
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lincal 
                  




                
            , June 12
.



                  Thomas 
                  Lincal 
               



            . I am a salesman
, I live in Rosemary lane. The prisoner had been my servant
 near three months. My wife being very ill, and to prevent being disturbed by the children, she chose one night to lie with the maid. The next morning she said to me, the bed was very hard; I said to her, it is pity you should let it be spoiled, I'd have you go up and make it yourself. About 11 o'clock she went up, and after some time she called me; there she found betwixt the bed and the sacking this petticoat. (It was produced in court, turned wrong side outward.) There were stitched to the petticoat 8 silk handkerchiefs, 5 pair of stockings, 4 cotton handkerchiefs, and seven white ones. I said to my wife, say nothing to her, but let us behave to her as usual. The girl was gone out. When she came in again, I said to her, where did you buy these gold ear rings? she said in the Minories. Said I to my man, go along with her, and see whether she bought them there or not. I found she said true. How she came by the money I cannot tell. Said I to her, you talk of going to another place, will you go now and see if the gentlewoman is provided. She went up stairs and dressed herself. I said, stay dinner. We sent her for half a pound of butter; my wife went up stairs, and found the petticoat was gone. After that I let her go out of the door about 50 or 60 yards, then I called her back, and had her searched; there I found the petticoat furnished as it now appears; she then confessed she took these things for her own wear, before my man and some neighbours.


                  James 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner strip herself, and these things were hanging stitched to the inside of the petticoat.
Prisoner's defence. I never carried any thing away before, but a waistcoat and handkerchief to present to my brother.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


