





158. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Farrah 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously and burglariously breaking the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Bradford 
                        




                      
                  , on the 13th of March
, about the hour of ten in the night on the same day, and stealing five linnen stocks, value 2 s. one fustain frock, one shagg waistcoat, one pair of velvet breeches, one Bristol-stone buckle, one gold-lace girdle, one razor, and one iron jack
            , the goods of the said Samuel. +


                  Samuel 
                  Bradford 
               



            . I was out of town at the time the fact was committed.
Q. Where do you live?
Bradford. I live at a place call'd the Vineyard, Clerkenwell


.
Q. How did you leave your house when you went out?
Bradford. I went out on Monday the 12th of March, and left the house fast, and the buroe likewise; and return'd on the Thursday following, and found the door broke open, and four locks broke in the buroe. I left a gardener and another servant in the house below; but the key that belongs to that room that was broke, I had in my pocket. I lost the goods mention'd in the indictment (naming them). I found also a looking-glass taken down, and a clock and Jarum, but not taken away.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
Bradford. My man took him in the room, and took him before Justice Keeling, who committed him.


                  Moses 
                  Ball 
               



            . I work in the prosecutor's vineyard; I was left to take care of his house. On the 13th of March I went to the Vineyard-house, and got a pint of beer and some bread and cheese; then I went to go to bed. About ten, when I was pulling off my cloaths, I heard a noise in my master's room above. I went round; his door is on the side of a mount on the backside, and that door goes in off the mount one story above mine. There I found the prisoner in the room; the door was open; I ask'd who was there; he seem'd to be trying to get out at the window. When he found he could not, then he came at me; I took him by the collar, and never let go of him 'till I got into a publick house.
Q. Where was you when he came at you?
Ball. I was then on the stairs; after we had struggled together some time, he offer'd me money and beer to let him go; I ask'd him how he came there; he said his master let him into the vineyard. I ask'd him who was his master; he would not tell me.
Q. Were the doors all fast when you was going to bed?
Ball. I had made all fast at between six and seven o'clock. I carried him before Justice Keeling.
Q. Did you ask him how he got in?
Ball. He said he got in at the window; but I found the door broke, and open.
Q. Did he say at what time he got in?
Ball. No, he did not; after I had confin'd him in prison, I went to see how he had got into the garden, and found a door that opens into the vineyard was broke open.
Q. Where did you secure him?
Ball. In Clerkenwell Bridewell for that night; the next morning I took him to Justice Keeling, who committed him to New-Prison.
Q. Were any things found upon him?
Ball. There were five stocks and a razor, and two or three odd matters.



                  George 
                  Preston 
               



            . I am constable: I was sent or on the 13th of March, between ten and eleven at night, to take the prisoner into custody; I search'd him, and found five stocks, a ock of a drawer, and an old razor, in his waistcoat pockets; there were other odd things (produc'd in court).
Prosecutor. These stocks and razor are nine; I have the key in my pocket (pulling it out) that locks and unlocks this lock; it is a lock belonging to a drawer in my buroe; the stocks and razor I left in my drawer when I went out.
Preston. Mr Bradford mention'd the marks on the stocks, before he saw them, to me.


                  Josiah 
                  Larser 
               



            . I live near the Vineyard house; it is the next adjoining house, though at some little distance; at ten o'clock that evening I was going to bed; I was half undress'd, and heard a sort of scuffle between two men. I came down, and found the first evidence had got the prisoner at the bar, leading him up to the Vineyard-house (a publick house ). I ask'd the woman of the house if she knew the prisosoner; she said he had had a pint of beer there a little before. I took care of him, while the witness went for a constable. Then he ask'd me to let him go, and said he would never do so any more. After the constable came, he ask'd me to go with Mr Ball to see what damage was done; I went, and saw the door was broke open; also we found three of the buroe locks were broke open.
Q. Describe the house.
Larser. This is a house in the vineyard; not the house call'd the Vineyard-house, which is a publick house; there is a door opens to the upper room from off a mount; there are several surprizing high hills in the ground, and there is a door on the other side that opens into the lower room, where the gardener lies; one side of the house is finish'd out of a high mount, and the other side quite in a bottom. I saw also a larum-clock taken down from the wainscot; the brass-work was taken out of the case; and several pictures, which used to hang round the room, were taken down and laid in a chair; and a large looking-glass lay in another chair; and a coat, waistcoat, and breeches, lay on the threshold of the door. When I returned back, I saw the constable search the prisoner, and take five linnen stocks, a lock, and a razor, out of his pocket. He was carried to Bridewell that night, it being too late to go before a magistrate. The next day, betwixt ten and eleven, he was committed to New-Prison. In the morning before we went to Mr Keeling. I went to see the situation of the place, and found the coat, waistcoat, and breeches, were gone from where I saw them, but no other things were removed from the places where I saw them before.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Sole 
               



            . I live with Mr Bradford (she takes the stocks in her hand); I know these to be my master's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going up the road to Hampstead, and I found these stocks lying in the road; I pick'd them up over-against the lane that goes to the Vineyard-house; I put them in my pocket; I went from thence, and going along to go home, in the lane past this house there was a man call'd out thieves, stop thieves. I stopp'd; he laid hold on my collar, and said, if you offer to make any resistance. I'll knock your brains out. He took me to a publick house. It being in the night, I can't say which man it was; I know he had a great thick stick in his hand. I said I have done you no harm, my friend; then he left me there in custody, and went for a constable and watch to charge me. This was, I believe, between ten and eleven at night; these things were found upon me; so from thence I was taken to Clerkenwell Bridewell, and remained there 'till next morning; then I was taken before Justice Keeling, who committed me back again. The man that took me said to me, You must have some confederate, for the house was stripp'd and robb'd after you was taken. I said I know nothing about it; I had no considerates. What they swore against me I did not deny; neither did I discover it. This is the first time I have spoke against it, now before all the gentlemen in the court.

Larser. When I had him in custody, I ask'd him what business he had there; he said he had got a little liquor, and he went there to go to sleep.
For the prisoner.


                  Lucy 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I have known the prisoner three years, and liv'd near him.
Q. What is his general character?
Lewis. I know nothing amiss of him.
Q. What is his business?
Lewis. He serv'd bricklayers.
Q. Where did he live ?
Lewis. In Old-street, St. Luke's parish.
Q. What countryman is he?
Lewis. I cannot tell; his wife nurs'd me of two children.




               Guilty of Felony. Acquitted of the Burglary
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


