





199. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Milward 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a bundle of iron hoop, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Wilson 
                  




                
            , Dec. 2
.


                  Geo 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I am a cooper
 in St. Paul's Shadwell. On the 23d of February last I was at dinner at the White-Lion-Tavern, Cornhill, where I was informed that the prisoner had sold some iron hoops to one 
               
                  William 
                  Adams 
               



            , who lives at the top of New-Gravel-Lane, and that there was another bundle to be bought, but Mr. Parr, to whom they were offer'd, would not buy them till he had informed some of the coopers in that neighbourhood, to know whether they missed any or not; upon that I and three others went down to Mr. Adams's and bought that bundle of hoops he had in his possession.
Q. What did you give him for them?
Wilson. I gave at the rate of 2d per lb.
Q. What weight did you buy of him?
Wilson. One 100 and 15 lb. (produced in court.)
Q. Do you think these were yours before?
Wilson. I can swear they were my hoops and stolen out of my yard; we took up the prisoner and he confessed he stole them out of my yard before justice Bury and justice Scot.
Q. Had the prisoner access to your yard?
Wilson. He had free access there.
Q. What were the words he made use of?
Wilson. He said he took them out of my yard, from the place where I used to lay them.
Q. Was that confession taken in writing?
Wilson. It was, I saw him sign it.
Q. Was it done freely of his own accord, without any threatening or promises?
Wilson. It was.
Q. Did you see the justices both sign it?
Wilson. I did.
It was read in court.
Middlesex, to wit,
The free and voluntary confession of 
               
                  William 
                  Milward 
               



            , &c. taken by us Walter Bury and 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Scot 
               



            , two of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of Middlesex.
Feb. 24, 1757.
By which it appeared he did confess he did feloniously steal, take and carry away from within the gates of Mr. 
               
                  Geo 
                  Wilson 
               



            , cooper, a bundle of iron hoops, the property of the said 
               
                  Geo 
                  Wilson 
               



            .
Signed, 
               
                  William 
                  Milward 
               



            .
Prisoner. I don't know whether I signed it or not, I was so drunk.
Q. to prosecutor. Was the prisoner drunk or sober when he sign'd it?
Prosecutor. He was sober.
Q. Where is Adams?
Prosecutor. He has made off.


                  Richard 
                  Parr 
               



            . I am a cooper, I had an occasion for some old hoops, and went to Adams's some time before last Christmas, and bought some; he shew'd me some new ones. I mistrusted they were not honestly come by, so I informed Mr. Wilson of the affair, and he, I, and others went to Adams's together, and bought these here produced of Adams.
Q. to prosecutor. Have you got any more of your hoops again, besides these produced?
Prosecutor. No, I have found no more.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never was before a justice in my life before, and I did not know what I did.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


