





90. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cornew 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 47 pounds weight of honey, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Holman 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said John
            , Dec. 16
. +


                  John 
                  Holman 
               



            . I live in Aldersgate-street


, and am a Grocer
; on the 15th of December at night, I lost a pot of honey out of my shop; it weighed 47 pounds 4 ounces; I can't tell who took it, but I found it on the prisoner at the bar. I was not at home when it was taken, but I came home soon after; a child told me some men had taken it; I went in pursuit of them; I went as far as Aldersgate-bars; a young gentleman went with me; then I went into Charter-house-square, on the right hand; when in the square, I met two men and the prisoner with them; he had my pot of honey on his head, but before I could come to them they shifted it from one to another. I went to lay hold of the prisoner, and he throw'd the pot of honey on my arm, which, by my preventing it from falling to the ground, least it should break, it prevented me from securing him for a little time; he struck me and us'd me very ill, but at last, I overcame him, and paid him pretty well; the porter of the Charter-house came to my assistance.
Prisoner's defence. Is it feasible to think that I should take the honey away, and am not able to buckle my shoe; I had been to carry a coat to the scowerer's, and went after that into the Square to look after a shipmate of mine; and there I went to do my occasions, I let down my breeches, and this man came and said, You have robb'd me; and I absolutely befoul'd myself in abundance. I know no more of the honey, than I know of the sacred God.
For the prisoner.


                  Edward 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I have known him about twelve months, he work'd for me about three months, he behaved very honestly.
Q. What is his employ?
Harrison. He is a Shoemaker; he was recommended to me by a master that had employed him.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


