





5. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Butterfield 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing twelve silver handle knives, and twelve silver handle forks, two silver spoons, and a pair of sheets
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cooper 
                  




                
            , October 17
 +.


                  Thomas 
                  Cooper 
               



            . On the 17th of October last I lost the knives and forks, and had no intelligence who stole them till three or four days after. [The knives and forks produced in court, and deposed to.] I apprehended the prisoner in Shug Lane, and took her before justice Fielding.

Q. Had she been your servant ?
Cooper. No; I knew her before, but I never heard she was guilty of any misbehaviour of this sort before. She went very willingly with us to the sign of the Green Man and French Horn in Covent Garden, where she confessed she had pawn'd them, and for how much. I told her there were three sheets missing. She said there were but two sheets missing, and that she ought to know best.
Q. Where were the knives and forks, and spoons pawned ?
Cooper. They were pawned to Mr. Andrews and Mr. Hunt.
Q. Where do you live ?
Cooper. I keep the King's Arms at Kensington.


                  Philip 
                  Andrews 
               



            . The prisoner pledg'd these knives and forks with me on the 18th of October.
Q. What account did she give of herself?
Andrews. I knew her near a year before; she had pledged some of her own wearing apparel with me before, such as aprons, stays, and other things. She asked me but six shillings on the knives and forks. I asked her who was the owner. She said they belonged to one Mr. Groves, who belongs to the king's kitchen at Kensington, and he had desired her to pledge them with whom she pleased, for his conveniency when he came to town. She gave an account also where he lodged. I not being satisfied about her account, sent to Kensington Gore, to know the truth of it; but seeing them advertised in the paper on Monday morning, I sent to justice Fielding, and he ordered me to come when the prisoner was examined.


                  William 
                  Hunt 
               



            . The prisoner brought one silver spoon to me on the 20th of October, the other on the 23d; I took them both in, and asked her if they were her own property. She had some wearing apparel in pawn, which she took out, and left one of the spoons for them; on the other she had eight shillings. [The spoons produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to Mr. Cooper's on the rejoicing night, and called for a pint of beer; there came in a gentleman, like a serjeant, and joined company with me. After we had drank pretty late, Mr. Cooper insisted on my staying at his house all night. He took a hammer and chissel and broke open a door to let me in, that his wife should not know of it, she being upstairs, and put me to bed, where he kept me all night, till four o'clock. He gave me these things, in order to make money of for the present, and said he would let me have money to fetch them again; but I have no witnesses of it; there were only he and I together.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


