





289. (M) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sibthorp 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 2 chissels, value  one hammer, one adze, and two iron pins, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Wheller 
                        



                      
                  , one chissel and one axe, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Pope 
                        



                      
                  , and one chissel, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Tickler 
                  



                
            , June 13
. +


                  George 
                  Wheller 
               



            . I lost several tools, but found only 2 chissels, one hammer, one adze, and two iron pins.
Q. Where did you meet with them?

Wheller. At Mr. Athill's.


                  Charles 
                  Athill 
               



            . I am a broker. The prisoner brought all the things mentioned in the indictment at noon day, and I gave him a market price for them. Produced in court.
Wheller. (He takes out two chissels, one hammer, one adze, and two iron pins ) These are my property.


                  Thomas 
                  Pope 
               



            . I was at work in the same house with Wheller, and lost a chissel and an adze. (He takes them from among the rest. ) These are they. The broker brought them all together.


                  William 
                  Tickler 
               



            . I lost this chissel at the same time ( taking it in his hand.)
Prisoner's defence.
There was one 
               
                  John 
                  Webb 
               



             came to my lodging on a Monday morning, and desired me to pledge these things, or sell them outright; and as I had sold things to this man, I carried them to him.
Athill. He never brought things to me in his life before. When I found these people had been robbed of them, I thought proper to take the prisoner up, and upon seeing him I went to secure him. He then had a saw in his hand, with which he made resistance, and was going to cut me down.
Prisoner. If I had stolen these things, is it likely I should go by this man's house afterwards ?



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


