





337. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Fox 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one mahogany tea chest, value 4 s. and one looking-glass, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Coulston 
                  




                
            , Sept. 27
. +


                  Isaac 
                  Coulston 
               



            . I live in Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields


, I lost a mahogany tea chest and canisters.
Q. From where?
Coulston. They were taken from out of a room up one pair of stairs; I went into the city of an errand, I came home about a quarter of an hour after nine o'clock; after which my wife was going up stairs for something she wanted, and found the chamber door come to her; she came and told me there were rogues in the house. I went up, and the prisoner was then coming down stairs. I took hold of him, he directly said, do not hurt me, and I will tell you the truth; I have carried away a looking-glass and tea-chest, and have removed the china up two pair of stairs, and that this was the second time of his coming into my house.
Q. Did he say where he had carried the things?
Coulston. He said he had given them to 
               
                  Tom 
                  Walker 
               



            , a hackney coachman.
Q. Did you ever get them again?
Coulston. No, we never did.


                  John 
                  Horniblow 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess he took the tea-chest and looking-glass to a man at the door, and he said if I went to the door and called Tom, he would bring them back again. I went to the door and called Tom, but no man came. He was committed, and the prosecutor never heard of his things again.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.

For the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Bickley 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about eight years, he was a very honest lad all his apprenticeship.
Q. What was he apprentice to?
Bickley. He was apprentice to a chaser.


                  Robert 
                  Lloyd 
               



            . I have known him about eight years, he has done work for me.
Q. What is his character?
Lloyd. I never heard any ill of him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation.]


