






302, 303. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Reddy 
                  



               
             , and 
               
                  
                     Zebulon
                      Thrift Blackston
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Geo.
                            Bellas
                        




                     
                  , Esq
 ; privately from his person
            . ||


                  Giles 
                  Nightengale 
               



             . I was coming thro' St. Paul's church-yard some time last month; the day I have forgot; it was between five and six in the afternoon; I met a gentleman of my acquaintance, and was standing near the toyshop at the corner; the two prisoners came by me, and followed Mr. Bellas close; I said to the gentleman with me, those boys look like pick-pockets, let us see if we can detect them; we followed them through Ludgate


; the prisoners turned up the Old-Bailey, and Mr. Bellas proceeded forward; we went to Mr. Bellas, and ask'd him if he had lost any thing?
Q. Did you see the prisoners do any thing?
Nightengale. The crowd was so great at Ludgate we could not see them do any thing.
Q. How near was you to them there?
Nightengale. We were within about 15 yards of them, and they were close behind Mr. Bellas all the way. Mr. Bellas immediately reply'd he had lost his handkerchief; we told him we suspected two lads that had followed him, and if he would turn back we might take them. We ran after them, and when the boys saw that, they run; we pursued them through several alleys, till we came cross Fleet-lane, and took them in an alley; they both run together; we carried them into a publick house, called a coach , and took them before my lord-mayor ; they were searched, but no handkerchief found, neither would they confess any thing . We came back to search where the boys had run; and as we were coming down an alley a man called Mr. Bellas , and said a girl had found a handkerchief .
Q. Did you see them drop any thing?
Nightengale. No ; they ran so fast I could not see that.


                  George 
                  Bellas 
               



            , Esq ; This gentleman that has been giving his evidence, and another , came to me on Ludgate hill , and ask'd me if I had lost any thing; I put my hand in my pocket, and said, yes , my handkerchief. They told me they would shew me the persons that had taken it.
Q. When had you your handkerchief last as you can remember?
Bellas . I had seen it within a quarter of an hour before ; I had it in my right hand coat pocket.
Q. Was your coat open?
Bellas . My coat generally is open, and I believe might be then. I went back with the gentlemen to the end of the Old-Bailey; I was shewn the two prisoners, a pretty way up the Old-Bailey , together; the gentlemen were both strangers to me at that time; one of them lent me a stick; I ran; the boys seeing me run, they both ran down a court, I believe it is called Black-and-white-court; I followed them down; there was a gateway, where I believe they slung the handkerchief away; they ran cross Fleet-lane, and going up a hill, on the other side, among the narrow places, we stopp'd them, and took them before my lord-mayor, where they both were searched, but no handkerchief found; and they both denied the fact. I was convinced that the handkerchief was either lost, or slung away, in the pursuit. I desired the gentlemen to go back with me, to look for it. When we came to Fleet-lane, one Mr. Evans told us his servant had pick'd up a handkerchief in Black-and-white-court. She gave me the handkerchief; I know it to be my own.
Q. Is she here?
Bellas . She is a child of about 12 or 13 years of age, and not of years sufficient to give testimony. I went back again to my lord-mayor. The boys were separately examined. I was in hopes the little one would have confessed the fact, and given evidence against the great one; but he denied it. The great one, which is Blackstone, cried, and fell on his knees, and said they both were concerned in picking my pocket; but the little one did the fact .
Blackstone's defence.
I am not guilty of the fact. My father is a shoe-maker, and lives in the Borough; I assist him in his business.
Reddy , 

               Acquitted
            .
Blackstone, 


               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


