





107. (L) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Webber 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver quart mug, val. 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Roger 
                           Cole 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of Mr. Scott
            , Dec. 29
. +


                  David 
                  Erwin 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Scott, in the Temple; I went to order some small beer in this tankard, and I left the tankard afterwards in the passage, when I went out to do my horses; Mr. Cole's boy came two or three times for it that night; at last, I went to the prisoner, who was the laundry maid; she said, she had sent it home; I fetched her to Mr. Cole, to give an answer herself, and I know nothing farther, than on Monday after the advertisement was out, she came to the chamber, and I was present, when the tankard was found upon her.


                  Tho 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 29th of December, the prisoner brought a silver tankard (wrote at the bottom, 
               
                  Roger 
                  Cole 
               



            , Sheer Lane.) She said it was given her by a young man in the Temple; we did not think proper to lend any money upon it; I seeing the name on the bottom, bid her carry it to the right owner; I went to see for Mr. Cole, and found he was moved. On Monday morning she came to our shop, and I asked what she had done with it? she said, it was carried to the proper owner; then I saw the advertisement after she was gone, and it was found on the prisoner, concealed under her petticoat and gown, tied by a string, hanging on her right side; when we went to search her, she said it was in the chamber.
Mr. Cole. I live at the Mitre tavern, Fleetstreet ; not finding my tankard at Mr. Scott's chambers where I sent it, I inquir'd for the laundress, when she came, she said she had given it to my servant, after that upon examination she said, she gave it to a tavern boy; said I, which of them I said she, a lad in a white cap; I said you are just out, I have never a boy dress'd so. I advertised the tankard; on Monday morning the pawnbroker that is here, came to my house; I sent for the prisoner, and as his back was towards her, I ask'd her if she knew any thing of the tankard? she said she did not; said he, how can you say so, when you offered to pawn it with me on Saturday night? then she turn'd up her gown, and there the tankard hang'd, tied by a string.
Prisoner's defence.
On Saturday night, when I was at my master's chamber, there was toast and bear in the tankard; I took it home, as I had done often, for my supper; then I had occasion to go by the pawnbroker's shop; being very well known, out of a joking way I said, will you take this tankard in pawn? he said no, I'd have you carry it home again; so I will, said I; I went there again, and met Mr. Cole and Mr. Scott's servant in Mitre Court; they ask'd me if I knew any thing of the tankard, I did not say any thing, but delivered it them.
Mr. Cole. On Saturday night, she said she would swear it to one of my boys, and on Monday, she denied knowing of it, till she saw the pawnbroker.
Gibson. She did not do it in a joak, but said she wanted to take some other things out, she had before in pawn. She brought it wrap'd up in a piece of a petticoat.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


