





53. (M). 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lewis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Davis 
                  




                
            , Oct. 20
. ||


                  Elizabeth 
                  Davis 
               



            . I live in Brook-street


, and
keep a publick house
, my husband's name is David; the prisoner came to live with us on a Saturday night about three months ago; when my husband was gone for his character, the same evening the prisoner made off, and then I missed a silver spoon; the prisoner was taken about 9 days after; I was sent for to the Constable's house; I told him I was come to pay him his wages, and to bring him his hat; he had left his hat; he made but little reply, but look'd dejected; then I charg'd him with taking away a silver spoon; he at first denied it: but he soon confessed he had taken it: but I could not possibly have it again: but his sister should buy me another. He sent for her; she went with me to Mrs Folier's lodgings, one that buys old cloaths; she went with us to Mrs Hambleton in Monmouth-street; I did not see the spoon that night, but after that it was brought before Mr Welch, there I saw it.
Q. Was the prisoner there at that time?


                  Elizabeth 
                  Davis 
               



            . He was: and saw the spoon produced. I knew it to be my property.
Q. What did the prisoner say?
Eliz. Davis. I ask'd him if that was the spoon he had taken, but I believe he did not know it again; he did not say it was or was not.
Q. Where is the spoon?
Eliz. Davis. Mrs Hambleton has it: she is bound over to appear, but is not come; here are two witnesses which heard him own it at the Constable's house.


                  John 
                  Perry 
               



            . I am Constable. Mrs Davis came to me about five weeks ago, and described the prisoner; I afterwards took the prisoner upon suspicion; I ask'd him if he ever lived at the King of Prussia by Brooks-market; he said he did not; I ask'd him his name he said Williams; I sent for the prosecutrix; she said that was the man, that she described for me to take; upon being charg'd with taking the spoon he own'd he did take it, and also he own'd the same before Justice Welch; after it was produced by Mrs Hambleton, the prosecutrix brought another to match it.


                  George 
                  Howton 
               



            . I heard the prisoner own he had taken a spoon from the prosecutrix's house at the Constable's house.
Mrs Hambleton was called, but did not appear.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing of she spoon.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


