





172. (L.) 
               
                  Mary 
                  Rustin 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bennell 
                  




                
            , March 27
. +.
The prosecutor being a foreigner, an interpreter was sworn.


                  James 
                  Bennell 
               



            . I was in Cheapside on Easter-Monday, about four o'clock, my handkerchief was taken out of my pocket, but I did not perceive it to go.
Q. Have you seen it since?
Bennell. I have. ( It is produced by the constable.) This is my handkerchief, the same I then lost.


                  Mary 
                  Bethan 
               



            . The prisoner was brought in at my brother's, the Half-moon, in Cheapside, on Easter-Monday about four o'clock in the afternoon, on suspicion of picking gentlemen's pockets. There were three handkerchiefs found upon her; the prosecutor was there, and he owned one of them. It was marked J. B. and to the best of my knowledge No. 18. (She looks at the handkerchief produced.) This is the same.


                  Mary 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I live at Mr. Martindale's, the Half-moon tavern in Cheapside; the prisoner was brought in there on Easter-Monday, about four o'clock in the afternoon. When I went into a room to her, she gave me two handkerchiefs, and I took another from under her bonnet. The prosecutor was there, and he owned one of them, which she gave me.
Mr. Groves. I was going along Cheapside, and the prisoner at the bar had almost got my handkerchief out of my pocket. I took her by the arm, and charged her with having a design to take it. While I was talking to her, the prosecutor came up and said he had lost his handkerchief. Then I took her into the Half-moon tavern; she desired to be searched by women, and it was soon found.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming from Wood street counter; my husband is there; this gentleman laid hold of my hand, and said good woman, what are you doing, my handkerchief is almost out of my pocket; then he went almost as far as the Half-moon tavern, and met this other gentleman, and said to him, have you lost a handkerchief, this woman has been at my pocket; the man said his was lost, then said the other she has got it. I never saw that handk erchief till I was in at the tavern. The maid said she would be even with me (I don't know for what) and, I really think the gentleman gave her that handkerchief on purpose to charge me with it.



               Guilty
            .
See her tried by the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dean 
               



            , otherwise Mary, wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Rusty 
               



            , for a burglary, No. 134, in last paper.




[Transportation. See summary.]


