






2, 3. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Noon 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Goodwin 
                  



                
             were indicted, for 


               that they on one 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Flemming 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, and then and there in a terrible manner did demand the money of the said James, with a felonious intent the money of the said James, against his will to steal, take, and carry away
            . Oct. 29
.*
James Flemming. On the 29th of October I was up at Islington, and coming home about a quarter after seven in the evening, by Tunbridge-wells


, the two prisoners followed me down to the Spaw, from thence to the Dog and Duck; there Noon pulled out a pistol tinder-box, and snapt it against my side, and punched me with it; I then upt with my cane, and struck him; then they both fell upon me, and we were all three upon the ground together : my hand was cut in the struggle, I believe with the tinder-box. Then Goodwin cried out, Murder him, shoot the dog! Then I cried out, Murder! thieves ! Some men heard me, and said, Where are you? Here, says I.
Q. Was it dark ?
J. Flemming. No, it was a fine moonlight night. Then they both got up and run away.
Q. What was the meaning of their setting upon you in this manner?
J. Flemming. Noon demanded my money.
Q. What did he say?
J. Flemming. To the best of my knowledge, he said, Damn you, your money. This was at the time he struck me with the pistol. Goodwin was close to him at that time; he did not say any thing then, but he struck me several times. The man I called came up to my assistance, and they ran away. In about nine or ten minutes time, they came into the field again, and we took them both. We carried them to Sir John Oldcastle's; the next day we carried them to Mr. Fielding's, and they were committed.


                  Richard 
                  Parram 
               



            . I was sent for about a quarter after seven to Sir John Oldcastle's, to take the prisoners into custody; I searched the prisoners, and found this (producing a pistol tinder-box) upon Noon; I asked him who it belonged to? Goodwin said, it was his. I then carried them away to Bridewell.
Noon's defence.
I was coming from my mother's house, going to her where she was a washing; there were several people together as we went by, and we went in, and asked what was the matter? Some people said, there was an old woman knocked down, and run away after she was dead; then they came and took us, and carried us to Sir John Oldcastle's. I had that thing in my pocket, going to carry it to my mother, who is a chairwoman.
Goodwin's defence.
We were coming from this young man's house, and asking what was the matter, the prosecutor said, These two young men have knock'd me down; and said he would attack the first he saw.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


