





555. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Rogers 
                  




                
            , Sept. 28
.* 
Samuel Rogers. I keep a publickhouse
 in Old Bedlam


. The silver spoon had been in use, I wiped it, put it into the bar, and went down to draw a tankard of beer, leaving the prisoner in the house, but when I came up she was gone, and the spoon missing. I being a parish officer
, went the next day to the workhouse, telling them the affair, and desiring, if such a thing should be heard of, they would let me know, &c. The next day the spoon was stopped in Smock-alley, at one Mr. Eakins's ; one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Cooper 
               



             carried it there. I went and found her; she told me she had it of the prisoner: then I took up the prisoner, and she owned she stole it while I went down for a tankard of beer.


                  Thomas 
                  Eakins 
               



            . This spoon was brought to me by one Cooper, who said first it was her own, then that she had it of the prisoner at the bar. I asked her where she lived, she replied here, there, and every where ; so I stopped the spoon, in order to have it advertised.


                  Mary 
                  Cooper 
               



            . This 
               
                  Mary 
                  Johnson 
               



             brought this spoon to me, and asked me to pledge it, saying it was a friend's over the water. She was with me at the door when I went to Mr. Eakins's house with me.
[The spoon produced, and deposed to by the three witnesses]
Prisoner's Defence.
If there were no receivers there would be no thieves. She received the spoon, though I stole it. There is an officer indeed! The officers belonging to Bishopsgate will not give me any relief, which makes me lie about. This man said I might go a whoring or thieving, he did not care how I got my bread.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


