





351. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Knapton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver table spoon, value 8 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Phillibrown 
                     



                  , one silver tea-spoon
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jasper 
                     Morley 
                  




                
            , June the 4th
 ++ .


                  John 
                  Phillibrown 
               



            . The prisoner was my uncle's and my servant
. The 2 spoons were missing on Whitson Monday, and the next day were found in a hat-box in the cellar, broke each in two pieces. We charg'd him with taking them; one of them was brought from our house at Ponder's End, and then it was not broke.


                  Thomas 
                  Phillibrown 
               



            . I was at Mr. Morley's my uncle on the Whitson Tuesday; he desired I would stay till he search'd his man's boxes, and both the spoons were found broke in a hat-box. The prisoner confess'd to my uncle upon his mentioning the spoons to him. He said he had taken nothing else, and was sorry he had taken them; I was in the warehouse with him, and ask'd him with what view he had taken them. He said, with intention to buy him a pair of silver buckles. I ask'd him how they came broke, he pretended the table spoon was bent when he found it, and the tea-spoon he broke in his pocket in bringing it from Ponder's-End. He said he took the table spoon on the Monday before Whitson Monday, and the teaspoon on the Friday following.
Q. Did not he mention breaking these in the cleaning them ?
Phillibrown. Not one word.
Q. Who did that hat-box belong to?
Phillibrown. I don't know; there was no name upon it.

Prisoner's defence.
I found the table spoon broke, and I flung it in that box, fearing to lose my place, I had a very good one, and the other I broke in my pocket bringing it from Ponder's-End.
To his Character.


                  John 
                  Caygill 
               



            . I have known the prisoner two years. I know nothing of him but that of a very honest man.
Mr. Bean. The prisoner and I were both born in a town, he had as good a character as any in the country.
A woman. I have known him about three years; I never knew him to wrong any body.


                  Ann 
                  Turner 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about a year and half, and never heard any thing amiss of him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


