





261. 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Taper 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 30 lb. weight of lead, value 2 s. and 10 lb. weight of iron, value 10 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Nathaniel 
                           Wilks 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; being fixed to a certain dwelling house
            , &c. June 30
.


                  John 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I work in the Victualling office. On the 7th of June as I was in my yard about five or six o'clock, I saw a hand out at the window, and as I was looking up I saw two hands. I call'd out and said, are you taking the windows already, for I thought it had been the glazier; at last I saw the prisoner's face, I went round to the door, and stop'd there, and Mr. Legg came by; he stood till I went in, and as I went in I saw the prisoner at the bar go out at the back door.
Q. Did you ever see him before?
Gibson. I may have seen him before, but not to know him.
Q. How do you know he is the same man?
Gibson. I am sure he is the same man.
Q. Did you see him take the windows out?
Gibson. I saw him take the lead and iron down into the house.
Q. Was it up one or two pair of stairs?
Gibson. It was up two pair of stairs; as I went in I call'd a plaisterer to assist me, and we met the prisoner just coming out in the backyard; we stop'd him there, and ask'd him where he had that lead and iron; he said he had it at Bartholomew's Hospital. He had a bag with him, and some iron in it, and some under his arm. There was a sheet of lead and glass, and a casement in the bag.
Q. Are you sure that this lead and iron belong to Mr. Wilks?
Gibson. I can't tell.
Q. Did it appear to belong to these windows?
Gibson. I can't say, it was casement lead and iron; as he brought it out of the house it appeared to be the iron and lead that belonged to some windows. He was taken up in Shoreditch, and carried before a justice of peace and examined, where he said he brought it from Bartholomew's Hospital.


                  Thomas 
                  Legg 
               



            . I took a walk in the morning before I went to work, and about half an hour after five, as I was returning home, I saw Mr. Gibson, who told me there was somebody in the house next door but one to him, and that he had seen the man take down a sheet of glass and a casement; he said he was afraid to go in for fear there should be more than one; then I went directly through a place up to the door, where I heard the glass was breaking, and there I saw the prisoner with the bag. I saw him take it and shove it down to hold more, then he stoop'd and put more into it.
Q. What did he put into it?
A. He put lead, glass and iron into it. It was lead belonging to sheets of glass; there was lead and iron in the bag, and there was iron under his arm when we took him, and his fingers were cut very much with the glass; we call'd a man that lived near, and when he came we ask'd the prisoner how he came by it; he said he brought it from St. Bartholomew's Hospital. The bag, iron and lead produced in court.

Mr. Ruddle. I was intrusted with the care of this estate. Mr. Legg inform'd me that there had been a person stealing of lead out of a house that I had the care of, and told me that they had followed him to the place where he was taken up. I saw the prisoner with the lead, iron and bag, and I went with him before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gore 
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence.
These were my grandfather's houses. I went to see whether the oven was down, and I fell down and cut my hands in going into a hole; there was no such lead in the house as this is, all the ground was cover'd with lead, this is square glass lead, and there is no such in all the street. I had it from St. Bartholomew's Hospital.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


