





356. (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Sutton 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mug, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Knott 
                  




                
            , July 23
. ||.


                  John 
                  Knott 
               



            . I keep a publick-house
. On the 23d of July, between ten in the morning and one at noon, I lost a silver pint mug out of my house, and the prisoner was in the tap room all the morning, till about eleven o'clock, or later. I can't be certain whether he had any beer or not. It was in use when I saw it upon the table about ten, but it was not brought to him.
Q. Was the prisoner there or gone when you missed it ?
Knott. He was gone.
Q. Have you met with it since?
Knott. I have some bits of it in my pocket now. I lost it on the Saturday, and I had the pieces on the Monday following. (Producing many small pieces of silver.) I was sent for to a house, where this was delivered to me. The prisoner was taken up, and the Tuesday following he sent for me in Bridewell. When I came there he said he would tell nothing but the truth, if I would clear him. I said, that is not in my power, the law must take place. Then he said he was not the man that took it out of my house, but laid it on one Swanney, and said it was my property; that that man call'd to him, and told him if he went down the road in Old-Street, he would find a silver mug, and he went and found it accordingly; that he went to a cutler, facing Charterhouse-Square, and sold the handle of it for seven shillings, and gave the man the money; that if I would come the next morning he would swear it before any justice of peace in the world. I went to him in the morning, when he said, if I would get an order, he would go with me to the man he sold it to. I went and got an order. Then he would not go with me, but said the man was innocent that he had charged, and he'd say no more to me about it.


                  James 
                  Bickley 
               



            . The prosecutor told me on the Saturday he had lost a silver pint mug, and on the Sunday I went to him to enquire if he had found it. He said, no. On the Monday the prisoner and I, being both servants to a brewer, went out with beer to Hackney. I observ'd the prisoner was very liberal with his money, treating any body that would drink. I said to one of my fellow servants, I believe he has got Mr. Knott's pint mug. He told me he had got something like tin in his pocket. Then I went and told Mr. Knott, who bid me not grudge any expence, but get it out of him if possible. I went to the prisoner at the Bull-Head on Clerkenwell-Green, where he had a pint of beer before him. I sat down by him, and we had a pipe of tobacco. We had not sat long before he pull'd out a piece of leather from his pocket, where I saw a piece of something like silver. Then I sent for Mr. Knott, who came. I said to him, this man has got your property. I took him by the collar and pull'd it out of his pocket, cut into divers small pieces. He own'd it was Mr. Knott's property.
Q. Did he say how he got it?
Bickley. No. He own'd he had sold the handle for seven shillings, and gave another man three shillings, and kept four himself, but would say no further.


                  William 
                  Brine 
               



            . On the 26th of July I went with the prisoner to justice Fielding, where he own'd nothing. When he came back to prison (I went there with him) I told him he had better confess the thing. He desired me to go and fetch Mr. Knott, saying, he'd tell him how he came by it. I went and brought Mr. Knott, who said, well Jack, will you tell me how you came by this mug? He said, it is your property, it was taken out of your house, and I sold the handle for seven shillings; but he did not tell who it was taken by.


                  Isaac 
                  Holroy 
               



            . I went to see the prisoner in Bridewell with my fellow servant. He desired him to fetch Mr. Knott, saying, he would tell him when he came. He told him the pieces of silver were his property.
Prisoner's Defence.
Going to Hackney with some butts of beer I pick'd up those pieces of a pint pot , wrap'd up in a piece of leather. I put them in my pocket, but did not know whether it was silver or pewter . Bickley was with me at the time.
Q. to Bickley. Did you see him take them up?
Bickley. No, I did not.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


