





449. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hall 
               



             , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Fowke 
                  




                
            , widow
, August 31
. +


                  Ann 
                  Fowke 
               



            . The prisoner had lived near a month with me a servant
; on the last day of August I missed a silver spoon, and taxed her with taking it; she denied it. On the Monday after I missed the spoon, Mr. Porsham brought it. Produced in court and deposed to.
Q. How do you know this to be your spoon?
Fowke. Here is the fellow to it, producing one. They are both marked with a crest and initial letters of my daughter's name, M. F.
Mr. Porsham, I live in St. Martin's-Lane; am a pawn-broker; the prisoner at the bar brought this spoon to me on the 2d of September to pawn. She said it was her own. I seeing the crest was in part erased out stopped it, watched the prisoner, and saw where she went to, it being the prosecutrix's house. I went there and informed her of it.
Prisoner's defence.
When I liv'd at Knights-bridge, along with that gentlewoman, there were two large silver spoons out, and she said she would charge one of them betwixt a gentleman and I. I said, I'd swear fresh and fasting I knew nothing of it.
To her Character.


                  Mary 
                  Lounds 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ten years next Christmas, and always took her to be a very honest industrious woman.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Finch 
               



            . I have known her sixteen years and upward. She was servant to me the second place she lived in in London. I continued her a great while with me, and know nothing of her but honesty. I knew her to live extraordinary creditable at the Duke of Richmond's.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


