





273. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Payne 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing six pounds and three quarters of mutton fat, value 21 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Roughton 
                  




                
            , widow
, August 13
. ++


                  John 
                  Bradley 
               



            . On the 13th of August between 11 and 12 o'clock at night, I was going to my mistress's shop in the Fleet-market


, that is the prosecutrix's; I had a candle, and a bunch of keys in my hand; the prisoner was in the shop, he opened the door and came out; I ran after him, in about two hundred yards running, I brought him to the watch-house; I pulled out four or five keys and a pair of plyers from his pocket; I searched him again, and found to the amount of fourteen pick-lock keys, besides one left in the shop door. He had taken six pounds three quarters of mutton fat, ( here is the bag he had put it in, producing one,) the fat was not taken out of the shop, but left in this bag on the block. (The keys produced in court.)
Cross examination.
Q. Did he tell you he had found the keys?
Bradley. No, he did not.
Q. Did he say he had seen a man come out of your shop?
Bradley. No.


                  Thomas 
                  Clark 
               



            . I am a watchman; on the 13th of August, after 11 o'clock I heard the cry, stop thief. I went and found this young man had the prisoner by the collar; we searched him and found thirteen keys in his pockets and breeches.


                  Edward 
                  Draper 
               



            . I am one of the wardens; I was at the watch-house, and saw the keys taken out of the prisoner's coat, and waistcoat pockets, and breeches knees.
Prisoner's defence.
When I was near that door making water, a man rush'd out; I heard something fall, I took them up, and found them to be keys. Just as I was at the door, that witness came and asked me what business I had there, and took me to the watch-house.
To his character.


                  Richard 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-lane, the prisoner lodges in Castle-street; I know he has an estate of his own, it is about 30 l. a year; I believe him to be a very honest man; he might have wronged me of a hundred pounds at a time; he always bore a universal good character.
Q. Where does his estate lie?
Brown. I believe near Kingston in Surry.
Q. What business do you think he could have with all these keys in his pocket?
Brown. I do not know.


                  James 
                  Goodwin 
               



            . I know the prisoner at the bar he is a man of reputation.
Mr. Weatherly. I live in the house where the prisoner does; I have known him fifteen years, he has received Mrs. Davis's rents for her for years. I have been at Kingston, and on my oath know he has an estate there. I have been with him when he has served ejectments there on his tenants.

Mr. Cheesman. I have known him fourteen years, he is a very honest man.
Mr. Cooper. I have known him six or seven years, there is not a soberer man on earth.
Mr. Dixon. I have known him about three years, he bears a very good character.
Q. to Bradley. Is the prisoner the man that you saw coming out of the shop that night ?
Bradley. I saw him open the door, when he was in the shop, and I spoke to him when he was in it, or as he was coming out.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


