





427. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Steward 
                  



               
            , was indicted for that 


               he, together with 
                     
                        William 
                        Eaves 
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Patrick 
                        Ceyling 
                     



                  , did steal nine sacks of coals, value 18 s. the goods of 


                                 Thomas 
                                 Morgan 
                              



                            and Co





. 16 bushels of coals, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           White 
                        



                      
                  , and 25 sacks of coals, value 50 s. the goods of persons unknown
            , May 18
. +


                  John 
                  White 
               



            . I keep a coal-wharf
. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Blake 
               



             can inform the court what he saw the prisoner, in company with two others, do upon my craft, which lay at the creek's mouth coming up the liver ; he, I, and Mr. Meggs went to Limehouse bridge or thereabouts, and as we stood by the water side, said Blake, I see one of them on the other side the water in a boat; we took a wherry directly and pursued him, it was Eaves, he made great resistance, insomuch that we were in danger of our lives a great while, he was taken and laid on his back in the boat, but there came two watermen and rescued him; I know nothing against Steward, only he missed a chaldron or upwards of coals, and that the lighterman did acknowledge he gave some of them to him, and the prisoner acknowledged before the justice, and impeached 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Ceyling 
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Eaves 
               



            , and the lighterman that he had some coals out of the barges at the creek's mouth, Mr. Meggs was by at the time.


                  Robert 
                  Blake 
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the 18th of May in Mr. Meggs's and Mr. White's craft, and two men with him shovelling the coals out into two ships in the creek, I went and informed Mr. White that I saw 
               
                  William 
                  Eaves 
               



             and the prisoner row them away in two large skiffs, and, as near as I could guess, there were two chaldron in both boats; we took up the prisoner about a month after this at Deptford; I am sure the prisoner is one of them.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Blake. He keeps a bomb-boat.

Jeffery Meggs. Blake came and told me he saw the prisoner and others upon the coals, &c. I went with Mr. White, and he confirmed the same.
Prisoner's defence.
When they took me up it was above a month after the time, I had not a coal, nor any thing like a coal.
To his character.


                  Jane 
                  Meredith 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 17 years, I never heard any thing of him but that he paid me very honestly.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Coxel 
               



            . I never knew the prisoner ever defrauded any body in my life, I have heard this Blake say he'd have his life.



               Guilty
            .
See Number 293, Sir William Calvert's mayoralty.




[Transportation. See summary.]


