






223, 224. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Griffiths 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Evans 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one cambrick handkerchief, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Davey 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , April 26
.


                  William 
                  Davey 
               



            . As I was walking down Cheapside from St. Paul's Church


, on the 26th of April, the day of the rehearsal, about half an hour after two in the afternoon, 
               
                  Mathias 
                  Hays 
               



             stop'd me and ask'd me if I had not lost a white handkerchief out of my pocket. I put my hand into my pocket and said I had. He said if I would go back a little way with him he would shew me the woman that had taken it out. I went with him, he shew'd me the prisoner Griffith, and I took her into an alehouse, the Horns in Gutter-lane, where she drop'd the handkerchief.
Q. Where did you meet with the prisoner Evans?
Davey. They were both together, and we took them both into that house. I carry'd them before the sitting alderman (the handkerchief produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Mathias 
                  Hays 
               



            . I saw the prisoner Griffiths take this handkerchief out of Mr. Davey's pocket with her left hand, and wrap it up, and put it under her cloak. I said to her now you have got what you wanted, she said what is that. I said you have got the gentleman's handkerchief. I desired the people that stood near not to let her go, for I would see if I could find the gentleman (he was gone on.) I went and overtook him opposite to Bow Church. He came back, and as we were taking the prisoners into the Horns alehouse, Griffiths drop'd the handkerchief, and a little girl said, here is the handkerchief, and took it up.
Q. from Griffiths. Whether that witness did not ask me for money to buy more drink, or said if I would not, he'd do for me?
Hays. I asked the prisoners for no money.
Griffiths. The prosecutor gave this witness Hays half a crown.
Prosecutor. The men that detected them told me that they lived by their daily labour, this I think being a book binder, and there being three of them, I gave them half a crown.


                  Richard 
                  Wilson 
               



            . On the 26th of last month I was coming from Shoe-lane, and went into St. Paul's Church yard, the rehearsal was then. I saw the two women at the bar very busy with several people's pockets, they had both cardinals on. I saw them take many things out of people's pockets, but I could not see what. They had a way of twisting them up, and put them under their cardinals. I said to the other witnesses, these are two pickpocket, let us watch them. When we got out of St. Paul's Church yard they were then standing at the end of Paternoster-row, when the prosecutor came along they followed him close, and were both very busy about his pocket. Hays said to them, now you have got what you wanted. What have I got said one of them, you have got the gentleman's handkerchief he said; then he call'd to me, I was watching over the way. I went to him, and he went and fetch'd the gentleman. We went in at the Horns alehouse, Gutter-lane; going in at the door they drop'd the handkerchief, a little girl took it up, and said here is the handkerchief. The gentleman sent for a constable, but there was not one to be got. Then he went to the bar, and said here is something for the people to drink, I'll go myself for an officer; then a constable came in.
Q. Were they both alike busy about the prosecutor's pocket?
Wilson. They were.
Q. from Evans. What was the reason you did not attack us in St. Paul's Church yard?
Wilson. I did attempt it, but they made their escape up to the end of Paternoster-row.
Q. to Hays. Were they searched in the alehouse?
Hays. They were not, as the handkerchief was found.
Q. When you saw Griffiths take the handkerchief, where was Evans?
Hays. They were close together, one behind the other. Mr. Davey once turn'd about, or they had picked his pocket before that.



                  Edward 
                  Beaumont 
               



            . I work in St. Paul's Church yard, I was there to see the people come from the rehearsal; the last evidence told me he saw two women attempting to pick pockets, and shew'd me them. I look'd and saw them both attempt it several times. We followed them to the top of Pater-noster-row, there Mr. Davey cross'd the way; they both made after him, and beyond Gutter-lane they took the handkerchief out of his pocket.
Q. Did you see it taken?
Beaumont. I did not see it taken, but I saw it in Griffiths's hand, then the other cross'd the way, and Mr. Wilson went and fetch'd her back again. Mr. Hays went and fetch'd Mr. Davey, and going into the alehouse Griffiths drop'd the handkerchief from under her red cloak or cardinal.
Q. from Evans. Did not we insist upon being search'd?
Beaumont. The handkerchief was found before that; when they found there was no constable came, then they desired to be search'd.
Griffith's Defence.
I don't know any thing of the handkerchief, I did not see it. I insisted upon being search'd, and was search'd. I am as innocent of it as the child unborn. One of them took it and gave it to the gentleman, and he gave them half a crown to drink.
Evans's Defence.
I never saw this woman [meaning her fellow prisoner] before that time in my life. I saw her in St. Paul's Church yard; she asked me what was to be done, I said something of a rehearsal. I was going as far as Mile-End, and this good woman asked me how far it was to Whitechappel. I told her I was going as far as the Mansion-house, and would shew her the way so far. These people ask'd the constable if there was no reward.
Beaumont. We had no intention of getting any reward, we thought of getting them severely used by the populace.
Griffiths 


               Guilty, 10 d.
            

Evans 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


