





197. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Goadin 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two linnen shirts, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           King 
                        



                      
                  , two pair of shoes, one silver handled knife, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cope 
                        



                      
                  , Esq;
 one linnen shirt, one stock, one stock buckle, one linnen handkerchief
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor 
                  



                
            , Jan. 29
. ++


                  Edward 
                  King 
               



            . I went into the country with Mr. Cope my master; I returned in a week's time, we found there had been an advertisement of goods being stopped, and we missing the things mentioned, I was sent to see them; the woman and the things were brought before Justice Fielding, I swore to my two linnen shirts; the knife and the shoes were my master's property; the prisoner said a man gave her the shirts to wash ; the shoes and knife were done up in the bundle, which she found when she opened them.


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Cope, I went to see the people go to the masquerade on the 29th of Jan. about ten o'clock; I asked two men to go with me, instead of going there I went to the Spread Eagle, and drank some Dorchester beer; then the two men took me into a house, and gave me a dram, I told them I had no money; then they took me to Covent Garden, to the French Horn, there they brought in the pri soner; from thence they brought her down Catherine-Street, they were shut out, so they came to lie along with me at my master's lodging: this was about twelve at night, master was out of town; the prisoner was with them; I found myself very sleepy, I went to bed, and they three were up in the room.
Q. What were the mens names?
Taylor. One is called 
               
                  Richard 
                  Cooper 
               



             a Soldier, and the other 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Merchant 
               



             a Glazier; when I awakened the two men were in bed with me, and the prisoner was gone, and the things mentioned in the indictment missing.
Q. Was you fuddled ?
Taylor. They had given me a good deal of beer; I was not drunk, nor I was not sober; I saw the prisoner before the Justice, and the things, and know them to belong to my Master, my fellow-servant, and myself.
Q. Did you give the prisoner these things?
Taylor. No, my Lord.
Q. Were they all in that room?

Taylor. There was some in my room, and some in a closet in my room.


                  John 
                  Yates 
               



            . I am watchman in Drury-lane, on the 29th of Jan. about four in the morning, I took the prisoner in Newtoner's-lane, with these things in a bundle folded up in her gown, I took her to the constable of the night; we took her to Justice Fielding in the morning; she could give no account of the things; so we advertised them, and the evidences came and owned them; at last the prisoner said she had the things in the Savoy, that two men had took her in there and given them to her.
Prisoner's defence.
I had been out a little late, and happened to come into that company; we played three or four games at cards, they made me a little in liquor; one of them gave me these shirts, and said they were his own.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


