





288. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Abigail 
                     Glyn 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mug, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Webb 
                  




                
            , August 16
. +


                  William 
                  Webb 
               



            . I keep the 3 crowns at Stoke-Newington




; the prisoner did live next door to me, I had been out about business in the country, and when I returned, which was about the 18th of August, I was told I had lost a silver pint mug. About a week after I was inform'd by two neighbours, that they saw the prisoner come out of my house with a silver pint mug in her hand.
Q. What are their names?
Webb. One is 
               
                  Richard 
                  Gwinner 
               



            , the other 
               
                  Anne 
                  Mann 
               



            . I sent them to town to see if they could find the prisoner, she being gone away; she was taken. I charged her with taking the mug, she owned she did, and said necessity drove her to it. She told me then, it was at a friend's house in Goodman's-fields; at last she said it was at a pawn-broker's, named Miller, or Millner; the next morning I went there, with a search-warrant from my Lord Mayor, but it being out of the city, I got it back'd by a justice of the peace in Whitechapel; there I saw it hanging in the window. ( Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Richard 
                  Guinnet 
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live facing Mr. Webb's, at Stoke-Newington; I was sitting at my door on Wednesday or Thursday, I believe, the 16th of August, about 3 or 4 in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner at the bar bring a mug out of Mr. Webb's house, in her hand; when she had got about half way over the road, she covered it with her apron.
Q. What sort of mug was it?
Guinnet. It was like this mug here produced; she went in at a chandler's shop facing the house where she was servant; that was the last time I saw her, till she was taken. On the Wednesday following we took her up; I first heard of her in Leather-lane, then in Cold-bath-fields, but I found her at last in Cloth-fair; I took her to the baker-and-basket, and then charged an officer with her, and sent for Mr. Webb; as soon as he came she confessed to have taken the mug, and that she had pawned it in Goodman's-fields.


                  Anne 
                  Man 
               



            . I live at Stoke-Newington, I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Webb's house with this or such a mug in her hand; she held it cross-ways, not upright, and covered it, and carried it into a chandler's shop: I went to the last witness and said, I am surpriz'd Mr. Webb lets his mugs go out in such a manner.
Jer. Miller. I live in Goodman's-fields; this is the mug ( taking it into his hand) that I took in pledge of the prisoner at the bar, on the 16th of August; I asked her, if it was her own property? she said it was; and that it was left her by her friends in the country, and some little money.
Q. What did you lend her upon it?
Miller. I lent her 3 l.
Q. Did you know her before?
Miller. I knew her very well; she had been servant to our vestry-clerk, in Aylif-street, for some months, and did bear a good character.
Prisoner's defence.
The mug is my own right and property; I had that, and 30 l. and this mourning which I have now on, left me by an aunt.
Q. to Mr. Webb. Are there any marks on the mug, by which you know it?
Webb. Here are the initial letters of my own and wife's name on it, and a very particular cypher on the body of it. she is a young girl, out of place, and I hope the court will be as favourable to her as possible.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


