






68, 69. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gold 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Shervil 
                  , otherwise Tom Thumb



            , were indicted for 


               stealing 6 silk and cotton handkerchiefs, value 12 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Halsey 
                        




                      
                  , privately in her shop
            , Nov. 18
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Poynting 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Halsey. I went into the shop and found the handkerchiefs were missing out of the shop window. They were all in one piece.
Q. Where is the shop?
Poynting. In Gracechurch-street


. I told my mistress they were gone.
Q. When was this?
Poynting. On the 18th of November, and on the 9th of Dec. the evidence Holmes was brought to our house. The person that brought him asked, if we had lost any handkerchiefs. I went to justice Rickards's, and got a search warrant, and searched the house of one Plump, in Rag-fair, where I was informed they were sold; but I could see nothing of them, neither have I seen them since. The prisoners were taken up the night before, and carried before justice Rickards, who committed them to Newgate, and Holmes to Clerkenwell Bridewell.
Q. Did the prisoners own any thing of it?
Poynting. No, they did not confess any thing at all.
Q. Did you see any body come into the shop when the handkerchiefs were lost ?
Poynting. No. They were taken out of the window from the outside.


                  William 
                  Holmes 
               



            . 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Thumb 
               



             and William Gold came to my mother's house in Angel-alley, Whitechapel; Shervil said, I know where you may get a crown presently, I went with them, and going along Gracechurch-street there was a paper before Mrs. Halsey's window, to keep the wind out, the glass being broke. Shervil ran his hand thro' the paper, and took out a parcel of handkerchiefs, and put them in his apron. This was about 5 or 6 at night.
Q. Where was you and the other at that time?
Holmes. We were on the other side of the way. Then he gave a whistle, and we went to him. I said, How many handkerchiefs are there? He said, About seven. They went into Plump's shop and sold them; but would not let me go in: so I stood at the door. When they came out Shervil told twelve shillings in his hand, which he said he had for them; out of that he gave me one, and they kept the other eleven themselves. Two or three nights after, as I was going along Tower-Hill with one Barnes, he snatched a sixpenny pye; the pastry-cook ran out and took me; he went to my mother, who told him I was got in a gang of thieves. Then I was taken before justice Rickards, and gave an account of this; and the prisoners were taken up, but they denied it.
Q. Where does Plump live?
Holmes. He lives in Rosemary Lane, facing Well-close square. I have sold many handkerchiefs and things, which I and others have stolen, to his wife.
Q. Did they tell you they were going to Mrs. Halsey's?
Holmes. Yes. They had observed the pane of glass being broke in the day time.
Gold's defence. I know no more of it than the child unborn. I was taken when I was fast asleep in the glass-house.
Shervil's defence. I know nothing of it.
Both 


               Guilty. 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


