





62. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Bagdurf 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty four linen shirts, value 20 l. thirty-two pair of cotton and thread stockings, value 50 s. three pair of cloth breeches, value 3 s and one linen frock, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Williams 
                  




                
            , December 24
 ++


                  William 
                  Williams 
               



            . I lost the goods mention'd in the indictment from on board an Indiaman. The prisoner ran away from the Dutch settlement in Batavia, and came on board the ship I belong to.
Q. What ship is that ?
Williams. The Oxford; she lay at Blackwall


.
Q. How long had he been on board that ship?
Williams. Fourteen months. I came to London, and sent for my box, which I had left lock'd with all the cloaths in it, and when it came there was nothing in it. I inquired of the boatswain's boy, who told me he had seen the prisoner with some of my cloaths.
Q. When did you miss them?
Williams. On the 3d or 4th of December last. I met with the prisoner at the Hamburgh-Arms. on Tower-Hill, with my frock, a waistcoat, a shirt, and a pair of stockings on. I charged him. He told me not to make a noise, and said he had got some other things of mine upstairs (the frock and stockings produced in court, and deposed to) and delivered one pair of breeches to me. He got away from me that time, and I have never seen the waistcoat nor shirt since. He told me he did not know any thing of the rest of them, and said a Dutchman, that is gone for a soldier, he thought had them; that the boatswain's boy lent him these things to come to London in, and the other things he found in the Dutchman's hamack. (A coat, waistcoat, and four pieces of cotton produced in court.) These he delivered to the boatswain's boy, who delivered them to me. I never saw him 'till last Friday was seven-night, when I secured him, and carried him before a justice of the peace. He said he found all the goods in the hamack, and delivered some of them to the boatswain's boy.


                  Joseph 
                  Medley 
               



            . The prisoner came home in the ship which I did. I received this coat from the prisoner (taking it up.)
Prosecutor. That is my coat.
Medley. I received also a blue silk waistcoat, (taking it up. )
Prosecutor. That also is mine.
Medley. The prosecutor left his chest in my care, but I can't say whether it was lock'd or not; neither do I know what goods were in it. I heard the prisoner had got some of his things, so I desired he'd let me have them, and he gave me these things.
Q. Did he give them to you as Williams's goods ?
Medley. He did, and said that Williams gave them to the Dutchman that is gone for a soldier, (whom we call'd the Sech Roterdamer) to put in his chest, his chest being full, and the Scotch Roterdamer delivered them to him.
Prisoner's Defence.
The Dutchman that is gone for a soldier told me he would give me his hamack if I would take care of these things for him, so I took them under my care. When I found they were the prosecutor's property I delivered them to the boy; but having no cloaths I said I'd put on the frock, waistcoat, and shirt, and deliver them when I saw him again.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


