





350. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jarvis 
                  , otherwise 
Black Jack




            , was indicted for 


               stealing five pounds weight of bacon, val. 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hall 
               




             , June 25
. ++
Joseph Hall. I am a brush-maker
, my wife keeps a chandler's shop
, almost facing the monument


, I was gone out, and when I came home I was inform'd I had been robb'd, I enquired of what, and found it was bacon, there was a pretty deal gone: I ask'd who it was; they said, the person was at the watch-house, where I went, and found the prisoner in charge of the constable, then he was carry'd to the Compter, and the next day I carried him before alderman Benn, who examin'd the witnesses, and committed him to Newgate.


                  Mary 
                  Thatcher 
               



            . I was going up the alley for a half-penny rowl, and saw the prisoner snatch the bacon from the shop of Mr. Hall, it was about half an hour after nine o'clock, he ran by me very hard.
Ann Row. I am servant to Mr. Hall, and was serving in the shop at the time the bacon was stole. it stood on the outside of the door upon the cheeses for a shew, when I had serv'd my customer, and turn'd round, I missed the bacon, and saw the prisoner at the bar run; he was taken and brought back to our shop, then he was carried to the watch-house, 'till my master and mistress came home, to know what they would do with him.
Q. from the prisoner to Thatcher. Why did not you take hold on me when you say I passed by you?
Thatcher. He ran so hard against me, he had like to have pushed me down.


                  Robert 
                  Rogers 
               



            . I live at a fishmonger's, about two doors below, as I was shutting up shop between nine and ten o'clock, I heard a cry of stop thief, I ran out and saw the prisoner run, I ran after him, and when he came to the gully-hole in Thames-street, he slung something out of his hand, I did not look what it was, but pursued and took him. I brought him back to Mr. Hall's shop, and then sent my brother for the bacon, who found it in the gully-hole, and brought it back.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of this bacon they charge me with. I work at St. Mary Over's glass-house
.



               Guilty
            . After which the prisoner said, he thought the bacon was his property, as he was prosecuted for it, and therefore desired to have it.




[Transportation. See summary.]


