





218. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Brown 
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton gown, value 10 s. one linnen gown, one linnen apron, one camblet petticoat, one hat, one cloth cloak, one pair of leather shoes, one pair of worsted stockings, and one cap
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Brown 
                  




                
            , spinster, December 26
. *
Elizabeth Brown. The prisoner came to the woman where I lodged, in White-Cross-Street


; and cried, and said her master had turned her out; I took pitty on her, and took her in and gave her victuals; and begged of my landlady to let her lie with me; she came on the Wednesday before Christmas-day, and had layed with me till Christmas-day, then I got up, and she was gone and all my things, I had not any thing to put on.
Q. What did you lose?
E. Brown. A flower'd cotton gown, one linnen gown strip'd; one camblet petticoat, one black hat, one scarlet cloth cloak, a pair of leather shoes, a pair of green worsted stockings, and one cap; they were all in the room where I lodg'd, and over night we lock'd and bolted the door within side, which was about ten o'clock: several of the things I had worn the day before, and I pull'd them off, and laid them on the chair. I arose between six and seven, the door stood open, and she was gone.
Q. Where did you put the key?
Brown. That was left on the inside of the door?
Q. Did you hear her go out?
Brown. No, I did not; we took her on Shrove-Tuesday: I went to St. Alban's after her, and at the house where she had lodged, I found my necklace on a child's neck; but that I did not lay in the indictment: she was taken before my lord-mayor. She confessed at the Magpye and Sun, facing the New-market, Holborn, that she had sold my strip'd gown, at a sale-shop in Market-street, about eight miles beyond St. Alban's, for 4 s. 6 d. and that she had sold my purple and white gown in a barn at Barnet to a traveller for 2 s. she would not tell where she sold the rest of the things, but said she took them all, and went out at six in the morning.


                  John 
                  Speening 
               



            . The prosecutrix is my daughter-in-law. There came a woman in a great hurry, the 26th of December, and told me my daughter was robb'd of all her things, except her shift and cap; her mother carried her things to put on. We found the prisoner was apprentice to one Steward, in Blue-Anchor Alley, we went there, and was told, it was supposed she was gone for St. Alban's: we advertised the things lost. On the 6th of March my wife and I going to dine out, we met with her in Field-lane, and my wife asked her if her name was not Mary Brown; she said no, her name was Betty; but by her Face it appeared to be her. We took her in at the sign of the Magpye at Holborn-bridge, where she confessed she took the things, and went out about six o'clock in the morning; that she sold one gown to a woman at Barnet in a barn, and the other to a shopkeeper at Market street for 4 s. 6 d. she would give no account of the rest. We took her before my
Lord-mayor: there she said she was drove to it by necessity, that a young man had left her with child and was dead.
Q. to E. Brown. Did you go to Market-street?
E. Brown. No, my lord, I did not.


                  Mary 
                  Speening 
               



            . I am wife to the witness 
               
                  John 
                  Speening 
               



            , and mother to E. Brown, on Shrove-tuesday my husband and I were going down Field-Lane, there sat the prisoner at a door, and I seeing a mark upon her lip, thought proper to ask her name, and she answering to the description which my daughter advertised, I thought proper to take her to an alehouse there, where she confessed the fact, we then took her before my Lord mayor, and she was by him committed to Newgate.


                  Ann 
                  Steward 
               



            . On the 20th of December last, the prisoner came to my room in Whitecross-street, and said her master was going to beat her, upon which she ran out of doors. I went to her master and mistress, who would have taken her in again, but she would not go. The young woman said, rather than turn her out at night she shall lie with me, which she did till Christmas-day ; when we went to bed the things mentioned in the indictment were in the room, and when we got up they were all gone.
Q. Did you lie in the same room?
A. Steward. I and my young child lay in the same room.
The prisoner had nothing to say but called her master to her character.


                  Josiah 
                  Steward 
               



            . I am a stocking-maker and live in Blue-Anchor-Alley, I have had this girl six years apprentice to me, she has been a very untoward girl, and would not do so well as I could have wished her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


