





495. (M.) 
               
                  Burwell 
                  Smith 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one pewter soup-plate, val. 8 d. and two brass pillars, val. 10 s. the goods of the honourable 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Vaughan 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; in the stable
             of the said William, Sept. 23
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Young 
               



            . I and the housekeeper have the care of Mr. Vaughan's house at Enfield


; the prisoner is a journeyman carpenter
, and has of late worked with a carpenter at Enfield. On the 11th of Sept. I found the chamber over the stable broke open, and on the Friday following in the evening, I had been in town and saw an advertisement of these things mentioned; the two brass pillars belonged to a marble slab. They were packed up in a case, the soup-plate I had set in that room with some food in it for the chickens.
Q. Why did you charge the prisoner?
Young. The plate, pillars and a towel, my master's property, were found upon the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            . On the 10th of Sept. last I had been riding about my ground, as I was coming home I heard a knocking at a stile of mine; between 9 and 10 in the morning I rode across the field and there was the prisoner. I thought he was stealing my gate-irons, I seeing they were not gone I bid him go about his business; he us'd me with a great deal of ill language; he had got a bundle with him. I told him I thought he had got some stolen goods there: he said, to let you know I have none of your gate-irons, I'll let you see; he opened the towel or napkin, there; I saw these brass pillars and a plate doubled up together; then I rode to some of my men and desired them to follow me; they did, we took him, and carried him to justice Green, he sent him to New Prison; he told the justice he had them of his mother in order to sell to buy some tools with the money. Produced in Court.
Q. to Young. Do you know these goods produced?
Young. This is the plate of my master's, in which I put barley for the chickens over the stable; it did belong to Mr. Nightingale; here is his crest upon it. I can be confident the brass pillars belong to my master likewise, because they fit the irons which I have here (producing them and fiting them on.) I never saw them at Enfield, only I saw the case they were packed in; I have seen them in Hanover Square at my master's house there, and the case was broke open when I missed them. I can swear no farther.


                  Thomas 
                  Wright 
               



            . I am constable; I was charged with the prisoner, and these things here produced are what were delivered to me at the time by Mr. Ward before the justice.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going over 'squire Gore's-park; as I was making water I saw the corner of a napkin hang out. I thought there was something in it. I looked and found the things mentioned. I asked several people if they had known whose they were, and was going to London to have them advertised. Mr. Young said he knew I could not be the person that took them away, if I was to swear till I was black in the face when he came to me in the New Prison.
Q. to 
               
                  Young 
                  Did 
               



             you say this to the prisoner?
Young. I said he never could be the person that went up into the wilderness in the garden by himself?
Q. Did he ever work at Mr. Vaughan's ?
Young. No, never to my knowledge.




               Guilty 8 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


