





33. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Chariton 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 4 l. and four guineas, the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Vicot 
                     




                   , privately from his person
            , Nov. 12
. +


                  George 
                  Vicot 
               



            . I met the prisoner by Buckingham Gate, on a Saturday between five and six in the evening, about three weeks ago. I went with her to a tavern by the waterworks.
Q. Did you know her before ?
Vicot. I did. After I had paid the reckoning and paid her, I asked her if she was pleased, she said yes. Then we went from thence to a public house, and drank two tankards of beer, and after that to another public house.
Q. Was you not in liquor?
Vicot. I was at this second public house. She ask'd me what it was o'clock. I felt and found I had neither watch nor purse in my pockets.
Q. What money was in your purse?
Vicot. Six guineas in gold.


                  John 
                  Craven 
               



            . I keep the Black Boy, in the Broad Way, Westminster. The prosecutor and prisoner came into my house, and call'd for a tankard of beer, and staid in the tap room an hour and a half; they were fuddled. The woman reach'd, and was sick. I bid them to pay their reckoning, and go about their business. Then she ask'd the man what it was o'clock. He went to pull out his watch, and said it was gone. Then she said he brought it into the house with him, and it should be found. She made many words about it, and insisted upon searching all the people. I then said I would search her first. I saw her put her right hand under her petticoat, and then was going to put something behind her. I laid hold of her hand, and took the watch out of it, and shew'd the prosecutor it. He said that was his watch (produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.) I gave it into the constable's hands, and charged him with the prosecutor and prisoner both.
Cross Examination.
Q. What time did they come into your house?
Craven. They came in about a quarter after ten o'clock.
Q. How long did they stay?
Craven. About two hours.
Q. Were either of them sober enough to know what they did?
Craven. I believe neither of them knew what they did.
Q. Were they in a publick or private room?
Craven. They were in the publick tap-room all the time.


                  Francis 
                  Norris 
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner and prosecutor were brought to me at the, watch-house, where I had the woman search'd, as the man said he had lost five or six guineas. We found five guineas in the foot of her stocking.
Q. Was it in a purse?
Norris. No, it was not; we found no purse.
Cross Examination.
Q. Was the prosecutor in liquor?
Norris. He was more than the woman, I thought the next morning.
Q. to prosecutor. Was you acquainted with the prisoner ?
Prosecutor. I only knew her as a Buckingham acquaintance.
Q. Did you give her this watch or money for any favour granted you?
Prosecutor. No, I did not; I had paid her before.
Q. Had you been often in her company before?
Prosecutor. About a dozen times; she always behaved honestly to me before.
Q. Are you sure you did not deposit the watch in her hand?
Prosecutor. No; I did not.
Q. Have you had your money again?
Prosecutor. I have.
Prisoner's Defence.
When I met the prosecutor at Buckingham-Gate, he told me he would bring me a piece of velvet to make me a pair of shoes; he had given me a piece before. He ask'd me to go and drink, and gave me his watch and money to take care of, he being very much in liquor. I knew him a year ago.
For the Prisoner.
John Brown. The prisoner and prosecutor were at the place where I am hostler, at a house near Buckingham-Gate, and staid till a little after ten o'clock; they had a pint of wine when they first came in: I sat just by them in the tap-room. She ask'd me to have a glass. I thank'd her, and drank with them. The gentleman paid for it. After that he said, '' My dear, will you have any more '' wine, or will you have a little punch?'' She said, '' I don't care for drinking any more.'' Then he said to my mistress, '' Make half a crown '' bowl, but I have not got silver enough to pay for '' it.'' He took out his purse, and changed a guinea. When my mistress brought him the change she said to me, seeing he was in liquor, '' Take notice that I give him his change.'' The prisoner said to him, '' You are almost fuddled, '' let's see that the money be right.'' He said, '' You may take it, but, I think, I can tell it a '' well as you.'' She said, '' What, do you mistrust '' me my dear?'' No, said he. She took and counted the money, saying, '' It is all right,'' and gave it to him. Then he gave her a green purse, and she put it in her bosom.
Q. Was this after or before she gave him the change?
Brown. This was after she had given him the change.
Q. What was in the purse?
Brown. There was gold in it, I believe. She wanted to know what o'clock it was, so he pull'd out his watch and look'd, but could not tell. Then he said to to her, '' You may as well take it, you '' can take care of it for me,'' and she put it into her right hand pocket.
Q. What time was this?
Brown. This was about nine at night; they went away a little after ten.
Q. Did he give it her to take care of for him, or to keep?
Brown. I understood they were man and wife, and thought he gave it her to take care of as his wife.
Q. Was any body else by at the time?
Brown. 
               
                  Roger 
                  Clift 
               



            , a soldier, was, and two or three more people.
Q. Did he put the silver in the purse where the gold was?
Brown. No, he did not; he put the silver in his pocket.
Q. Did he give her the watch and purse together?
Brown. No, he did not.
Q. When did he take the purse out of his pocket first of all?
Brown. He took it out to take out a guinea to change.
Q. How long was it from the time he took his purse out to the time the landlady brought him his change?
Brown. But a very little time.
Q. Did he give her the purse before the landlady brought him the change?
Brown. To the best of my remembrance it was after, but I can't justly say whether it was before or after.
Q. What was said at the time he gave it her?
Brown. There was a dispute.
Q. What about?
Brown. The woman at the bar said, let me see that the money is good. He said, he could tell it as well as she. Do you mistrust me said she? - No, my dear.


                  Roger 
                  Clift 
               



            . I came to my quarters at the White-Horse at Buckingham Gate, about eight o'clock, on that Saturday night the prisoner and prosecutor were there, drinking a bottle of wine. He ask'd her if she would have any more liquor. She said, just as you please. Then they call'd for half a crown bowl of punch. He said he must change, and pull'd out a green purse from his right hand pocket, took a guinea out, and gave it to the landlady, and she gave him change. The landlady made words because they were both in liquor. The prisoner said, since you scruple, and fear we should not pay you for it, let me see if your money is good; it was put into the man's hand. Let me tell it says the prisoner, which she did, and gave it him again. He said, is it all right my dear? Yes, it is, said she. Then she said, my dear, let me keep the money for you, there is no odds, we have known one another these seven years. He was a long while in putting it into his pocket. Then he took it out, gave it her, and put the change into his pocket. Then he pull'd out his watch, to know what o'clock it was; but, being so much in liquor, he could not see. The prisoner took it, and said, it was betwixt nine and ten, and gave it him again; he was a long time trying to put it into his pocket. She said, my dear, let me have it. He gave it her, and said, here, my dear, you may have any thing in the world that I have got, and she took it; they then drank up the punch.

Q. Was the landlady by all the time they were there?
Clift. She was about the house, amongst her customers; she was only out of the room about five minutes, for the change.
Q. What became of the purse?
Clift. The gentleman was fumbling to put it into his pocket, so she said, let me have it, there is no odds between you and I; and he gave it her.
Q. Was this before the landlady came with the change?
Clift. The landlady brought the change just afterwards.
Q. How came you to come here to give evidence on this affair?
Clift. I was sent to this day about it.
Q. How came it you did not go before the justice about it ?
Clift. I did not know where she was confined; we heard the next day she was taken up about it.
Q. Who did you first tell this story to?
Clift. To my landlady the same night, and the next morning.
Q. How came you to tell her before you heard she was charged with the fact ?
Clift. I only told what past betwixt the gentleman and the prisoner.
Q. to Brown. When did you first of all speak of this to any body?
Brown. I told it to the man that serves the house with milk, when he was in the house.
Q. Did you hear she was taken up when you told him?
Brown. No; I had not heard it then.
Q. How came you to speak of it?
Brown. My head ached the next morning, and I was saying I had two or three glasses of punch over night with a man and his wife.
Q. How much punch did they call for?
Brown. They had two half crown bowls, and some wine.
Q. When did you hear of your coming to give evidence here?
Brown. I never heard any thing of it till today.
Q. What reason had you to think they were man and wife?
Brown. Because he call'd her my dear, and she him.
Q Upon your oath, did you never see the prisoner at your house, before that day, with other men?
Brown. No, never.
Q. Nor never walking the street, or Park, near your house?
Brown. No.
Q. Did you hear her say, '' Let me have it; '' we have known one another these seven years?''
Brown. Yes.
Q. Is that talking like man and wife?
Brown. She was very well dressed, and so was he.
To her Character.


                  Samuel 
                  Collins 
               



            . I keep a publick-house in Tothill-Fields, call'd the Two-Brewers, and have known the prisoner seven years; I never knew any ill of her.
Q. What is she?
Collins. Her husband is a glover, and she works in that way.
Q. Upon your oath, don't you believe her to be a woman of the town?
Collins. I never heard she was.


                  Lawrence 
                  Smith 
               



            . I live in Petty-France, and keep a chandler's shop. I have known her six years. Her husband is a glover, and I have seen her go backwards and forwards with his work.
Q. Does she live with her husband?
Smith. She does, just by me.
Q. What is her general character ?
Smith. I never heard any thing of her, but that she is a very honest woman. She has used my shop these six years. I have trusted her, and found her honest.


                  Robert 
                  Swinley 
               



            . I keep a publick-house, in Grig-Street, Petty-France, and have known the prisoner these seven years. Her husband is a glover.
Q. Do they live together?
Swinley. They do. She has made use of my house, and paid me for what she has had. I have seen her carry work home for her husband, to his master.
Q. Is her husband a soldier?
Swinley. No, he is not.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


