





19. (M) 
               


             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mug. value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Wilson 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling house
            , November 7
. ++


                  James 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I am a victualler
, and live at Temple-Bar


. The prisoner had used my house about a fortnight or three weeks, and seldom missed coming every night. He came on the 7th of November, being Sunday evening, and called for a pint of beer; I drew it in a silver mug. He drank it in the publick room, and walked out. I had no suspicion of him, not seeing him go out. Soon after he was gone I missed the mug.
Q. Did he drink alone, or in company?
Wilson. He had no company with him. He sat alone at a table.
Q. How long after he was gone might you miss the mug?
Wilson. It might be ten minutes.
Q. Did he pay for his beer that night?
Wilson. No, he did not.
Q. Had he always used to pay?
Wilson. Yes, always. I made inquiry after him, and took him on the 12th, being the Friday following. After that he confessed he had taken it, and where he had sold it, and would make me satisfaction.
Q. Where did he confess this?
Wilson. This was to me, at the Swan tavern, in the Strand. He owned also he had crased my name from the bottom of it. There was my name there, and where I lived.
Cross examination.
Q. What time did the prisoner come to your house that night?
Wilson. I believe he might come in between five and six.

Q. Were there company in the same room?
Wilson. There were. He called for the beer before he went into the room, and then went in.
Q. What number of people might there be in the room?
Wilson. There might be half a score or a dozen.
Q. Did any sit near him?
Wilson. No, none sat at the place he did. There was one sat opposite to him.
Q. How near to him?
Wilson. It might be two yards distance.
Q. In the time he used your house did you observe any thing in regard to his mind, or did you think he was something odd in his behaviour?
Wilson. I did think he behaved oddly sometimes.
Q. Do you think it was owing to liquor?
Wilson. I can't pretend to say it was. Sometimes I thought it was, and sometimes not.
Q. How would he behave, as you call oddly?
Wilson. I observed he'd be very odd in contradicting people, or so.
Q. Did not he at all other times pay you punctually for your liquor?
Wilson. Always.


                  Thomas 
                  Plumber 
               



            . I was sitting in the publick room opposite the prisoner, and saw him go out with the mug in his hand.
Q. When was this?
Plumber. It was on a Sunday.
Q. Did he hide it as he carried it out?
Plumber. No, he did not. I thought he was going to leave it at the bar, being a gentleman-like man.
Q. Could you see the bar from the common room you were drinking in?
Plumber. No. In a little time Mr. Wilson missed the mug, and came to inquire after it in the publick room.
Cross examination.
Q. Did he offer at all to hide it?
Plumber. No, he did not.
Q. How long after you saw him take the mug was it that Mr. Wilson came in, and said he had lost it ?
Plumber. It was within a quarter of an hour, I dare say.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Plumber. I never saw him before to my knowledge, or since, till now.


                  John 
                  Hastings 
               



            . I am a silver-smith, and live at Charing-Cross. I bought three pieces of plate of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Did you ever buy a silver pint mug of him?
Hastings. I did. (Producing one.)
Q. to prosecutor. Look at this mug, do you know it?
Prosecutor. This is my property, and which I lost at that time.


                  George 
                  Murry 
               



            . I was by when the prisoner own'd he took the mug, and erased out the prosecutor's name, which was on the bottom of it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I must own myself guilty of the fact, and I beg the court to be as favourable to me as possible.
For the Prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Harris 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about 21 or 22 years. I never knew him guilty of any thing of this sort, far from it. When I first knew him I looked upon him to be one of the first rank in the country; a man of good reputation, and character. But latterly I have had transactions with him, and have really thought he was not of sound mind, from a great many actions of his that I could mention.
Q. What are you?
Harris. I am an apothecary.
Q. Give the court some instances wherein you have thought he was not of sound mind.
Harris. When I have came to talk with him he has sometimes threatened to destroy himself, declaring he was tired of life. I have argued with him on the head of self-murder. He would say he was tired of the world, and he should really be glad if he could be convicted for any capital offence, so as to be taken out of the world. When there has been any thing taken out against him, and he has been informed of it, to keep out of the way, he has immediately gone to the person that has taken it out, that he might be taken. He was formerly bred to a trade, and after that he lived on his estate, in a very genteel manner.
Mr. Reeves. I am very well acquainted with the family of this gentleman. I have had occasion to go to see him in prison, and have sometimes thought him not quite in his right mind.
Q. Did you think it was owing to liquor ?
Reeves. No, he has had no liquor at all those days, as I have been informed. Several times his discourse seem'd to be such.

Q. What was the opinion of the people in the gaol?
Reeves. There were people in the gaol said, they did not believe him right in his mind.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


