





1. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Harris 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of callimanco shoes, value 9 s. two pair of satten shoes, value 20 s. one linen shirt, one lawn neckcloth, and one linen table-cloth
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cross 
                  




                
            , Nov. 25
. ++


                  John 
                  Cross 
               



            . I am a shoe-maker
; the prisoner is my apprentice
 he has been with me ever since last March. About a fortnight ago I missed a shirt and table-cloth. I suspected the prisoner, and charged him with it; he denied it, and on Monday the 5th of November in the morning, he got up and opened the shop, and went away with five pair of shoes.
He lay in the shop; when I got up, I missed the shoes; he was brought back to my house on Tuesday night by some neighbours apprentices. I charged him with the shoes : he confessed the taking the things in the indictment, and took me to three pawn-brokers, but I found none of them. I said, if he would confess, I did not want to hurt him, or do any thing at all to him; I carried him before a justice next day; there he said he sold the shoes in Rag-fair.
Q. You say, you promised you would not prosecute him.


                  John 
                  Cross 
               



            , if I found the shoes; but I have not found them yet, nor will he confess where they are, neither had I any of my things again. The justice asked him if he knew any shop there? He said, no; he sold them to the people going about with cloaths on their arms, and that he sold all of them for 4 s. 6 d. and said he put dirt on the bottoms of them, to make them look like old ones.


                  Charles 
                  Chamberlain 
               



            . I heard the prisoner say before justice Fielding, that he stole three pair of callimanco shoes, and two pair of satten ones, a shirt, a neckcloth, and a table-cloth, and that he sold them in Rag-fair.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


