





47. (M.) 
               
                  Ann 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Sanders 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one metal watch, value 20 s. and two seals, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Drew 
                  




                
            , December 2
. ++



                  Charles 
                  Drew 
               



            . On the second of this instant I had a mind to go in and hear Mr. Whitfield preach at his chapel in Long-Acre


. But not meeting with the satisfaction I expected, I came out very soon; (I found he had not alter'd his method of preaching) and coming out at the chapel door the woman at the bar laid hold of my watch. I laying hold of her hand, she chang'd the watch out of her right hand into her left, and dropt it.
Q. Did you see your watch in her hand?
Drew. I am positive I did. I secured her, and took her before Justice Welch, where she deny'd it.
Q. from the prisoner. Have you not since declared you drop'd your watch yourself?
Drew. I never made such a declaration.
Q. Have you declared your uncertainty of her picking it out of your pocket?
Drew. No never in my life; there can remain no uncertainty, because I am clear.
Q. from prisoner. Do you know Mr. Buckland and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sanders 
               



            , whether you have not confessed to them it was pick'd up from off the ground, and you did not know how it came there?
Drew. No, never.
Prisoner. He said before Justice Welch, when it fell he thought it was the found of a woman's pattin.


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . I was at this chapel to hear Mr. Whitfield preach, I stood within the door, Mr. Drew was in a little before me; he came out, and I heard him say he had lost his watch. I turn'd about and saw he had hold of the prisoner's right hand. I saw her left hand. I turn'd and pushed the people away, and with my right hand took up a watch. I had then hold of her with my left hand, and delivered the watch to the prosecutor.
Q. Did you see the watch in her hand?
Pain. I did not.
Q. Did you hear it fall?
Pain. No, I did not.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know no more of the thing I am charg'd with than any gentleman in court.
She call'd three persons to her character, each had known her a year, who all declared they knew no ill of her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


