





422. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Varron 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth great coat, val. 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Webb 
                  




                
            , Aug. 1
. ++ .


                  William 
                  Sylvester 
               



            . On the first of August I lost a great coat out of the Beconsfield Waggon out of the Bell Inn in Warwick-lane


, the property of Mr. Webb. The prisoner was a porter
 that carried parcels from the yard. The coat was advertis'd, and after that I was sent for to Monmouth-street, and saw the coat, upon which the prisoner was taken up, and he owned he carried the coat there to sell; but that another person took it and gave it to him.
Q. from the prisoner. Did he see me in the yard that day after 3 o'clock?
Sylvester. He was at work upon the waggon that night, and the coat was tied upon a hamper in the waggon.


                  Richard 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I live in Old Fish-street, on the 29th of July Mr. 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Webb 
               



             sent for me to go to Monmouth-street to see if that coat that was advertis'd was his, as I made it. I went and found it to be his coat, which I made, I paid the charges and it was deliver'd to me; they had stop'd it on suspicion of being stolen.
C - Dawson. I live in Monmouth-street, the prisoner at the bar brought this coat to me with an intention to sell it. I had a suspicion he had stole it; he told me he had it made for him, and he gave 3 l. 12 s. 4 d. for it; he agreed to sell it me for 18 s. I told him if he'd fetch the taylor that made it, I'd buy it; he said he would not, but I might go with him. I stop'd the coat and advertis'd it, and Mr. Webb came and own'd it; after that the last witness came and said he made it.
Prisoner's defence.
I found the coat in the street, and was going up Monmouth-street to sell it; this person call'd me in, he stop'd it; I told him my name, and where I worked.
To his character.


                  William 
                  Norris 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about 5 years; I always knew him to be a very honest man as could be.


                  Frances 
                  Norris 
               



            . I am wife to the last evidence; I have known him from an infant; he has a very good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


