






(M.) 
               
                  Anne 
                  Cannon 
               



             , was a second time indicted, for 


               stealing a pair of linnen sheets, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Patrick 
                           Connolly 
                        



                      
                  ; in a certain lodging-room let by Contract, &c.
             And 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Parsons 
                  



               
            , a second time, for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; May  6

. +


                  Patrick 
                  Conolly 
               



            . I live in Drury-lane



.
Q. What are you?
Conolly. I am a Hair-Merchant
: on the twenty-sixth of May, the prisoner, Cannon, took a ready-furnished lodgings of my wife; it was a second floor; she came down stairs and left the key, and said she was going to fetch home her work, and went away.
Q. When was this?
Conolly. She had been with me, I believe, two nights; I do not exactly know the time: when her bed-fellow came home, she went to go to bed; she came and told, the sheets were missing; and said, the prisoner was a servant at the Bull-and-Mouth. I went there, and told the man of the house what had happened; and he said, if he met with her he would keep her, and send for me; which he did: I took her to Justice Fielding; going along, in Covent-Garden, she acknowledged to me the taking of the sheets; and said, she would go and pawn her stays, and get them again.
Q. What did she say she had done with the sheets?
Conolly. She said she had either sold or pawn'd them, for 2 s. to Mrs Parsons, in Gray's-Inn-lane.
Q. Can you tell which it was she said?
Conolly. I think she said she had sold them: I went with the constable to Mrs Parsons's, and we took Cannon with us, and ask'd for the sheets; Mrs Parsons produc'd them: produc'd in court; I cannot swear to them.
Q. Where is your wife?
Conolly. She is not here?


                  George 
                  Walker 
               



            . I am the Constable: we went for the sheets, and Mrs Lawson's things together, to Mrs Parson's house; there Cannon own'd these were the sheets, that she stole out of the prosecutor's house.
Q. Did Parson own that she bought them? or that they were pawn'd to her?
Walker. Parsons said, she gave Cannon 2 s. for them.
Cannon. She gave me but eighteen-pence for them.
Q. to Walker. What do you think they are worth?
Walker. Mr Conolly said they cost him 5 s. at first, and they are not at all worn.
Q. to Lawson. What are those sheets worth?
Lawson. They are very coarse: they are worth nothing more than to make towels on.


                  Mary 
                  Dutton 
               



            . I would not give above half a crown for the two sheets.
Cannon 

               Guilty
            .
Parsons 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


