





218. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Coram 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving the above goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
             by 
               
                  William 
                  Jones 
               



            , March 21
. ++
John Brown. I am butler to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Wyn 
               



            . 
               
                  William 
                  Jones 
               



             (who stole these goods) confessed he sold them to the prisoner; (they were 
               
Sir



                        John 
                        Wyn 
                     









            's property.) I went to his house, and ask'd for him. His wife was out. She came in, and the prisoner said he thought that the boy came honestly by them. She went and took the things out of a chest; he was in the room at the time she delivered them to me. I think he said he gave half a crown for the dessart spoons, and 8 d. and 6 d. a piece for the others.
Q. What are they worth each?
Brown. The dessart spoons are worth about 6 s. each, and the others about 18 d. each.
Q. Did he make a demand of any money?
Brown. No, he did not. The boy was there at the time. He said the first thing he brought there was in order to buy a pair of buckles. The prisoner is a shoe-maker, or cobler; his wife keeps a cutler's shop, and sells buckles and sticks. The boy and he were examin'd before the justice, where the boy confessed the stealing and he the buying of the things.
Q. Did he say he knew them to be stolen?
Brown. No, he did not.


                  Stephen 
                  Scott 
               



            . I am a constable, and had a warrant to go and search the prisoner's house. I went to his stall where he works, and then to his house. His wife was in the yard, and all of a tremble. I said, we must have the things; she was very timorous in bringing them out at first, and fetched some of them by degrees. The children had some of the handkerchiefs about their necks.
Q. Was the man present?


                  Stephen 
                  Scott 
               



            . He was, but laid it almost all to the woman. I believe he might say he bought the teaspoons, and ask'd the boy how he came by them; who told him his master's son was very unlucky, and he gave him them to make money for him.
For the prisoner.


                  Francis 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I have known the prisoner Coram two years; he is very honest man.


                  John 
                  Perfect 
               



            . I have known him twenty years; he work'd for me two years. I am a shoe-maker. I never knew any ill of him.


                  Samuel 
                  Brown 
               



            . I have known him two years; he is a very sober man.


                  Edward 
                  Wenn 
               



            . I have known him fifteen years; he is a very honest, civil, sober man.
Mr. Showel. I live over-against him. I would have trusted him with 500 l. I have observed him working from five in the morning till eleven at night. He has a large family, and is an honest, industrious man.
Mr. Beater. I have known him two years; he is an honest, industrious man.


                  Henry 
                  Southick 
               



            . I have known him above twenty years; he has as good a character as any man.


                  Robert 
                  Bonner 
               



            . I have known him several years; I never heard any ill of him; he is a very honest, industrious man.
Alexander Parker. I have known him two years and a half; if there is an honest man in the court, I believe he is one.
Richard Fleet. I have known him between four and five years; he has a very good character; he is my shoe-maker, and always did me justice.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


