





45. (M. 1.) 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Mills 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 15 s. in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clark 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop
             of the said John, December 31
. +


                  John 
                  Clark 
               



            . I live in Holborn


; on the last day of the old year a customer came in the be served, she told me there was a person behind my compter; I saw the prisoner make his escape from thence, and run out, and I took him in the middle of the street. I charged him with robbing my till. He denied it several times. I found the till out of its place upon the ground behind the compter, and missed, according to computation, about 15 s. After I had charged the constable with the prisoner, I and Mr. Baston went out into the street, and found 15 s. near where he was taken.
Q. How long was this after you took him?


                  John 
                  Clark 
               



            . It might be about ten minutes after.


                  Roger 
                  Baston 
               



            . Hearing Mr. Clark had detected a person for robbing his till, I went there; he told me he missed about 15 s. We searched the prisoner, and found nothing upon him; then we took a candle, and went out into the middle of the street, and we found 10 s. and two half-crowns. The next day the boy acknowledged he dropt the money there, and said there were two half-crowns amongst it.


                  Sarah 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I went into Mr. Clark's shop, and saw the prisoner behind the compter; I told Mr. Clark of it. The boy ran out, and he after him, and took him.
Prisoner's defence.
I had been in the country, and came up that night, and was very hungry, and seeing the people backwards, I went into the shop.



               Guilty
            .
The act of parliament specifies, for stealing out of a shop goods, wares, and merchandize, to the value of 5 s. this being money, did not constitute it a capital offence.




[Transportation. See summary.]


