





132. (M.) 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Penticost 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen apron, value 12 d. one linen handkerchief, value 8 d. one pair of worsted stockings, three pair of muslin ruffles, one pair of linen ruffles, two linen caps, one linen shirt, half an ell of dimity, and one damask clout
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , Nov. 12
. ++


                  Susannah 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            ; we live in Cow-Cross


. The prisoner was a lodger with us. The last time I had seen the things mentioned in the indictment [mentioning them all by name] was on the 9th of Nov. and I missed them about three weeks or a month ago.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
S. Smith. I saw her with the pair of stockings on, and charged her with taking them, but she said they were none of mine. Some time after this my husband seeing her with my handkerchief on, he took her up, and had her before the justice, but she denied every thing till she was just going into New Prison. Then she confessed she had taken all the things mentioned, and told us they were pawn'd in Baldwin's Gardens to one Ramsey, where I went and found them ( produced in court and deposed to) I knew the stockings and handkerchief which she had on also to be my property.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . The prisoner's husband went away without paying his rent. I saw the prisoner afterwards with my wife's handkerchief on. I had her taken up, and heard her confess taking the things as she was going to New Prison.
Mrs. Ramsey. These things were pawned to me by a woman, I can't say I know her again, but Mrs. Smith came, and I delivered them to her. When we lend money on things we give the person that brings them a ticket, in order to their having them again.
Prosecutrix. The prisoner delivered the ticket to me, which I carried to Mrs. Ramsey's, upon which she delivered the things. (The ticket and its duplicate produced in court and compared. &c.


                  George 
                  Weatheral 
               



            . I was sent for to execute the warrant. I went and took up the prisoner, and going into the prison she own'd she had taken and pawn'd the things to Mrs. Ramsey, and gave us directions where she lived. I went with the prosecutrix, and have had the things in my custody ever since.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the matter.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


