





102. (M.) 
               
                  James 
                  Buckley 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty pounds weight of bacon, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lawrance 
                  




                
            , Jan. 16
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Lawrance 
               



            . I live in Hand-court, Holborn; we had a fire next door to me on the 15th of January, we moved our goods, and on the 16th we missed a piece of bacon about twenty pounds weight, worth about ten shillings. I never saw the prisoner till before justice Fielding on that day, there was the bacon; he said a man was to give him a groat to carry the bacon to the Three-tuns, Fetter-lane, ( the bacon produced in court, and deposed to by the string it hung by, and the hole which the prosecutor cut to the gammon end ) after that the prisoner said a gentleman offered him two-pence or a grant to leave it at a constable's house, named Field, in Whetstone's-park by Lincoln's inn-fields, on the back of Holborn.


                  James 
                  Law 
               



            . I am a watchman; I was going along with two of my neighbours to see the fire about two in the morning, on the Wednesday morning, the first day of last sessions. Just as I came into Whetstone's-park, I met the prisoner with a piece of bacon at his back; I asked him how he came by it? he said his brother gave it him, and he was going to have it fry'd with some eggs. I said, I'll know how you came by it; he said he just came out of Mr. Field's at the Crown in Whetstone's-park, I went back there with him, Mrs. Field said he had been there with it, but she did not know how he came by it. I took him to the watch house, Mr. Field happened to be constable of the night; we found the next day who belonged to the bacon, and the prosecutor came, and the prisoner was committed to New-prison.
Prisoner's defence.
I had been in Shoe-lane, and was going home, and just above Chancery-lane in Holborn, there I tumbled over the bacon. I took it up, and carried it to Mr. Field's the constable to see who owned it, I left it there, and found him at the fire, his wife had told me he was there, I told him I had left a piece of bacon at his house, I did not know whose it was, so I went and took it to carry it home, and just at his door. I met the watchman with the bacon on my back.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


