





305. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lion 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one tea-chest, value 2 s. and four silver teaspoons, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Carsten 
                     Dirs 
                  




                
            , August 23
. ++ .


                  Carsten 
                  Dirs 
               



            . I lost a tea-chest and four silver-spoons, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Mee 
               



             brought them back, and the prisoner along with them.
Q. How long had you lost them?
Dirs. We had lost them about an hour and half.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before ?
Dirs. No, I did not.
Q. Did you know the person that brought them again?
Dirs. No, I did not, I had never seen him before.
Q. Where were the chest and spoons taken from?
Dirs. From out of my parlour, the maids were busy in washing, and had left the door open.
Q. Where do you live?
Dirs. I live in Well-close-square


.


                  Joseph 
                  Mee 
               



            . On the 22d of August, at night, the prisoner came to a public-house that I use, I knew him by his using that house, he is not one of our countrymen, he is a Barbarian.
Q. What is a Barbarian ?
Mee. That is, he is a man from Barbadoes.
Q. What public-house was this at?
Mee. At the Bishop's-head in Ratcliff highway, he asked to be trusted for a pint of beer, and brought this tea-chest under his arm; said he I have got this to put my money in, I am to go on board a ship with a shipmate of mine, and if you will let me leave this chest here, I will call again for it in half an hour's time, so he left it.
Q. What trade are you?
Mee. I am a baker by trade, but I am a gravedigger at present; when I came to look into it. I found four silver tea-spoons in it, they were marked E. R. When he came again I found he knew nothing of the spoons, they were in a private drawer. I charged him with stealing it, and he confessed that he and another man were going along, that the other man went in and took it out, and he received it at the door. He took us to the house where he had it, which was the prosecutor's house.
Prisoner's defence.
I had the chest of a young man that is gone to sea, and I carried it for him, and left it at that man's house.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


