






234. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten pair of stockings, value 40 s. one hat, value 15 s. two knives, value 1 s. three forks, value 1 s. one linen sheet, val. 4 s. seven shirts, value 35 s. and one lawn apron, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           White 
                        



                      
                  , and one peruke, val. 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cropper 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        White 
                     



, April 15
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  White 
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Francis 
                  White 
               



            ; I keep a public-house in Wapping




; I lost ten pair of stockings, a hat, two knives, three forks, a sheet, seven shirts, a lawn apron, and a peruke that belonged to one Cropper, a seaman
, which he had left in my care for money.
Q. From whence were they taken?
E. White. Some out of my own room, where I lay, and some out of my bar, and some out of the room where the prisoner lodged; there was a noise in the house towards the morning, and I could not tell what was the matter. I got up and my maid told me, he had made an attempt to go to bed to her, but she prevented him; I went down stairs, and found the door open, and he was gone, things and all.
Q. When were these things in your house last, on your own knowledge?
E. White. I am sure they were all in the house over night, at ten o'clock.
Q. When was the prisoner taken up?
E. White. On the Sunday night following; we found the things upon him.
Q. Where was he taken?
E. White. At Dartford in Kent; the evidences will tell the court what he said, and what they found upon him.


                  John 
                  Sherrey 
               



            . I am a constable at Dartford in Kent. About nine o'clock on Sunday evening, some people came to our town, and desired my assistance, saying they had been robbed, and they heard the thief was at such a house. I went with them, there was the prisoner. In searching his haversack, I found these things all together; (producing the goods mentioned in the indictment ) he gave a very idle account how he came by them.
Q. What was that account?
Sherrey. He said he found them.
E. White. These are my goods all but the peruke, that is the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cropper 
               



            , a seaman.
Sherrey. They said they came out of Mrs. White's house, about four that morning, and that the prisoner had offered a frock (not in the indictment) and hat to fell upon the road, by which means they told me they found the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence.
I belong to the train of artillery
, I had got a furlow to go up to London to get some money that was due to me; I out-staid my time; the prosecutrix lives in Plough-alley, I lay there, I got up in the morning to go away, and on the back of Plough-alley, I found these things; I went to make water and saw them hid between two casks, about one hundred, or one hundred and fifty yards from her house; I saw something of the skirt of a coat hang out, I pulled them out, a frock, some ribbons, some stockings, an apron, two handkerchiefs, and a smock. I was looking at them when a man came by that lodged at Mrs. White's house, and wished me a good morning.
E. White. I had a lodger that came and told me he saw the prisoner tying up two bundles, and he saw him cross the water for Kent, by which means we pursued him.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


