






423. (L.) 
               
                  John 
                  Fletcher 
               



              and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Taylor 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a silver tankard, value 6 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lancaster 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of the said Thomas, July 26
 ++ .


                  Thomas 
                  Lancaster 
               



            . I live at Summer's-key near Billingsgate


, and keep a publick house
. I have known Fletcher about three years, the other I never saw before I saw him at the Mansion-house.
Fletcher was at my house on the 26th of July in the evening drinking out of a silver tankard, I went over the water, and when I returned about eight he was gone. The tankard was not missed till between eleven and twelve at night, at going to bed. About eleven the next morning I was sent for to the Mansion-house, there were the two prisoners at the bar and my tankard; they were examined by Mr. Alderman Cockayne, one was committed to Newgate and the other to the Poultry counter, upon Fletcher's confession. That he stole the tankard from my house the evening before; the other said nothing at all.
Q. Was Taylor at your house that night ?
Lancaster. Not as I know of.
Q. What business was Fletcher in?
Lancaster. He was bred up to the sea; he is of a very reputable family at Norwich.


                  John 
                  Shot 
               



             Clark. This tankard was brought to me; (I am a dealer and chapman) and offer'd to sale the very same night a little before nine o'clock. I have seen both the prisoners before. Taylor came to me at my window, and said he had got a friend that had a silver tankard to sell : I asked them both to walk in; then Fletcher pull'd the tankard out and gave it into my hand to sell it to me. I ask'd him what he ask'd an ounce for it; he said 5 s. and insisted upon my buying it that night. I said I never buy any thing by candle light; I stop'd it and lock'd it up, and said I would buy it by day-light if I could, and would give them more than they asked. The next morning Taylor came and demanded the money for it; I refused paying the money and sent for an officer; but before I sent for the officer he told me Fletcher was either gone or going on board a vessel at Gravesend; then the officer came and I gave him charge of Taylor; then he directly said that Captain Fletcher (the Name he went by) was over the way in some court. Then I said to the constable, Am I safe to keep Taylor till I take Fletcher? he said, yes; then the officer went with my maid, and she shew'd him Fletcher, and he took him, and they were both carried before alderman Cockayne at the Mansion-house; there I carried the tankard.
Q. What passed before the alderman?
Clark. Fletcher confessed the thing and was sorry for it; I can't say his exact words. Taylor said, he met Fletcher in a place in Bishopsgate-street and he persuaded him to come to me with the tankard. The tankard produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Q. from Taylor. Did you ever see the tankard in my hand?
Clark. No.
Fletcher's defence.
I used to go to the prosecutor's house to see a friend from Norwich; I had been there that night and went away about six at Night. I returned again about seven upon the key. Going away I saw this tankard standing under the gateway, I took it, and being a little poverty-struck (or I should have advertis'd it.) I met my brother-prisoner in Bishopsgate-street; I asked him where I could sell it; he said, let us carry it to Mr. Clark, we did, and he stop'd it.
Taylor's defence.
I did not know that the tankard was stolen.
To Fletcher's character.
Mr. Bradley. I have known Fletcher about three or four years.
Q. What is his general character?
Bradley. He has spent 14 or 15 hundred pounds; he has been too and again at my house; I never knew any ill by him.


                  John 
                  Stanton 
               



            . I have known him two or three years. I never heard him charg'd with any robbery before this.


                  Robert 
                  Skinner 
               



            . I have known him about two or three years and never could have thought him to be guilty of such a thing.


                  Daniel 
                  Fry 
               



            . I have known him about five years; I never suspected him to be guilty of any thing of this sort before this affair.
For Taylor.


                  Richard 
                  Badman 
               



            . I have known Taylor ten or twelve years; I have trusted him to pay and receive money for me, several hundred pounds; he and I are mast-makers by trade, he never wrong'd me of a dight.


                  George 
                  Story 
               



            . I have known him about seven or eight years; I always took him to be a very honest fellow.


                  William 
                  Prodey 
               



            . I have known him seven or eight years, I never knew any thing by him but that of a very honest civil fellow.


                  John 
                  Allen 
               



            . I have known him about fifteen years; he and I were apprentices together; I never heard any thing of him contrary to that of a good character.


                  Edward 
                  Barnard 
               



            . I have known him fourteen or fifteen years; we both serv'd one master; I never knew any ill of him before this.



                  Thomas 
                  Davis 
               



            . I have known him twelve years. He is a very sober lad, and I never heard any ill of him in my life.


                  Fletcher
               





               Guilty 39 s
            .
Taylor 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


