





414 (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bignall 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one portugal piece of gold, val. 18 s. and three guineas
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , May 21, 1752
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Poulter 
               



            . 
               
                  William 
                  Smith 
               



             was my father, he is since dead; I live at Limehouse, the prisoner came to my father's house the 21st of May was a twelve month; he pretended he wanted a hat, he pitch'd upon one, and then begged the favour of my father to oblige him in changing a Queen Ann's half guinea, which was for a gentleman on board a ship, my father had some money in his pocket that he had just sum'd up: he pulled it out in his hand, and the prisoner immediately put his hand into my father's, and said here is one, my father drawed his hand back, and when he put it forwards, the prisoner did so again three times, I was not by at the time, this is what my father told me of afterwards *: I came into the room just after, and my father asked me if I had ever a half guinea; I said I'd go up and look, I did, and came down with a Queen Ann's guinea, but the prisoner said that would not do, it was much desac'd : there was nothing missed while the prisoner was there, when he was gone my father missed three guineas, he did not then miss the 18 s piece, he sent our servant and I to see for the prisoner, he was brought back, my father accused him with it directly; he asked my father whether he could take his oath on it, he said he could, then the prisoner put his hand in his pocket, and pulled out some half pence and three guineas, and another piece of gold which was not a guinea, but I did not look so strict as to observe what it was; then he said if I have robbed you of three guineas, then here they are for you, and gave them to my father, then he said I hope you are satisfied, I hope I may go; my father answer'd he was satisfied, and that he might go like what he was; after this, the neighbours insisted upon my father charging an officer with him, so he was committed for a fraud.
* This here-say is not evidence, and should not have been printed; but only as it is introductory, it could not be avoided.
Q. Did he acknowledge he had taken the money?
E. Poulter. He did not deny it, after this he was bail'd out, and has been on bail ever since.


                  John 
                  Maxwell 
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Smith at the time, and was at home, my master called me from my work, and describ'd the prisoner, and sent me and another person after him, we overtook him, and brought him back; my master charged him with robbing him of three guineas, he asked my master whether he could sware it, my master said he would, then the prisoner pulled out some half-pence and three guineas and delivered the three guineas to my master, and said, there is your three guineas again.

Q. Did you see any other gold amongst his money ?
Maxwell. No, I did not.
Q. Did you search him.
Maxwell. No, my lord; my master missed the 18 s. piece after he was gone, and went with me to Newgate to him; he charged him there with that, then the prisoner said, if my master would admit him to bad he'd make it all good.
Prisoner's Defence.
I happen'd to go to this house to buy a hat, and said to Mr. Smith, Let me see one of the best hats you have, and I'll give you a good price for it, I said I'll take one upon your word; so he chose one. I said, line and loop it, and I'll call tomorrow morning for it; I said, could you oblige me with a Queen ANN's half guinea, or a guinea; he went to his chest, and pull'd out about three or four 36 s. pieces, and some guineas in gold, and said you are very welcome if there are any here, your eyes are better than mine, you may look and see; there were none; the daughter went up stairs and said, I'll go and see if I have any. She brought down a Queen ANN's guinea, I said that would not do; then Mr. Smith wrapp'd his money up in a rag as before, and lock'd it in his chest. I went away, and when I was got a good way, a boy came running after me, and said, Sir, was not you at master's shop, I said, Yes; he said, master desires to speak with you; I went back with him; I said, do you know what he wants, the boy said I don't know. When I came there I saw a great many people running backwards and forwards; Mr. Smith said, there is a little mistake between you and I; I have been looking over my money, and I miss three guineas ; I said if you miss twenty, is that a reason that I must have them. I pull'd out all my halfpence and some gold, and laid it on the counter, and said if here is any money which you can swear to, I'll be willing to be punish'd according to law, he catch'd hold of three guineas of mine; I said, what do you mean by this, he said go about your business, you have got my money; then he charg'd an officer with me, and I was committed upon suspicion. He could not rightly swear he had lost any thing. This is all the work of a person now in court, that informs against the bawdy-houses and my friends: when he took me up he said, if I'd give him five guineas, he'd let me go, and if you are trie d you'l be hang'd, I said I shall give you no money. I had no trouble about it till now, nor should have now, had I gave him the five guineas.
To his character.


                  William 
                  Stevenson 
               



            . I keep the Rose-and-Crown, in Church-lane. I have known the prisoner three or four years, he did belong to an India-Man, he behaved very well in my house, and I know no harm of him.


                  Ralph 
                  Hardey 
               



            . I keep the Adam and Eve, in Ratcliff-highway. I have known him three or four years, he is a Whitechapel officer, he has arrested people and brought them to me, he has behaved as an honest man; I can't think he ever stole three guineas. I am one of his securities.
Catherine Wilkerson. I have known him three years, he is very well belov'd, and bears the character of an honest man. Upon my life I don't think he would be guilty of stealing three guineas.


                  Barbara 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I live in Church-lane, Whitechapel. I have known the prisoner about four years, he is a very honest man as far as any thing I know.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


