





159. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Ricketts 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silk gown, value 14 s. one camblet gown, value 13 s. and one stuff gown, value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Walker 
                  




                
            , March 11
. +


                  James 
                  Walker 
               



            . I married the prisoner's own mother
; she stole three gowns my property, out of my own house.
Q. Did she live with you?
Walker. No.
Q. How do you know she stole them?
Walker. She came and insisted upon my taking her up, and said she had stole them to transport her, for fear she should be hang'd for something else, and so bring a discredit on her family.
Q. What sort of gowns were they?
Walker. There was an Irish stuff gown, a brown camblet gown, and a padusoy silk gown.
Q. Where did the prisoner live?
Walker. No where, any where, where she could; she has been amongst a gang of wicked persons, pick-pockets, and the like.
Q. Did you ever take any care of her since you was married to her mother?
Walker. No.
Q. What care was taken of her to support her?
Walker. She was brought up to work, and was put into St George's workhouse and bound out apprentice.
Q. Did you ever find the gowns again ?
Walker. I did: in the people's hands where she had sold them.
Q. What are their names?
Walker. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Pritchard 
               



             and Mrs Shadbolt. We took the prisoner before justice Fieldings, and he ordered the gowns to be kept in their custody, 'till such time that the trial came on here.
Q. When did you miss these gowns ?
Walker. We missed them on the eleventh of March; we had a suspicion of her, she used to come to our house, but we never would look upon her; sometimes her mother would cloath her; she would soon make away with them and come again; then by and by she would get herself into goal and people would not prosecute her.


                  Jane 
                  Walker 
               



            . The prisoner robb'd me of three gowns.
Court. It seems you are her own mother.
Walker. I am her own mother; I do this in the greatest tenderness to save her from Tyburn; she has been a notorious girl for many years.
Q. How old is she?
Walker. She is two and twenty years of age?
Q. How do you know she has robb'd you.
Walker. Because she has own'd it; she said she did it on purpose to go abroad.
Q. Did you ever do for her as a mother ought to do?
Walker. Yes: I cloath'd her but about a fortnight before she took these gowns; I took off my own petticoats from my back and gave to her, and a gown too.
Q. Did you ever put her to school?
Walker. Yes I did: but she would keep to nothing; sometimes she would be gone for two or three years and never let us hear from her; then she would come again all rags, and keep wicked company. Three gowns produc'd and depos'd to by prosecutrix.



                  Samuel 
                  Pritchard 
               



            . I keep the Crown and Mitre at Highgate; the prisoner came to my house about six weeks ago and ask'd for a lodging; I was not just in the way; when I came in, I was told what she wanted; I said, she might lie there; she said, she had no money, and was drove to distress, and was going to see her friends in Derbyshire, and she show'd me this gown, (taking up one of them) in the taproom; and desired I would buy it; she ask'd me thirteen shillings for it; I agreed to give her six shillings and six-pence for it; and paid her the money down; she said, now I have got some money I must go to the butcher's to get some meat for I am very hungry; she paid me for her bed; and went, as I thought, to the butcher's, but never return'd for three nights; when she came again. She had left a bag and some things behind her, my wife fetch'd them down, and shew'd them, and ask'd her if they were all right; she said they were; then she took her things, and went away about her business.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Shadbolt 
               



            . I keep a shop; a young woman, came into it and asked me if I would buy a gown.
Q. Who was that young woman?
Shadbolt. By all circumstances it was the prisoner at the bar; I never saw her before, and I cannot swear to her.
Q. How long is it ago?
Shadbolt. It is about seven weeks ago; I bought the gown of her for seven shillings; she came in with it on her back, and said she wanted to sell it to fetch a pair of ear-rings out of pawn; she had a gown of me that I valued at three shillings and six-pence, and I paid her the rest of the money (she looks upon one of the gowns). This is it, to the best of my knowledge; but they came and took it from me; and after that, before the justice, they gave it to me, and charg'd me to keep it in my possession 'till this sessions, which I did.


                  Sarah 
                  Priscote 
               



            . A neighbour of mine brought this gown (taking up one of the gowns) to me, and I bought it of her.
Q. Was it a neighbour, or the prisoner at the bar?
Priscote. I cannot swear to the prisoner: when the soldier came and demanded it of me I gave it him directly. (The father-in-law is a soldier.)
Prisoner's defence.
I own to the taking of the gowns, they were my mother's gowns; I was distressed and had neither house nor home, and drove by necessity to do it; I thought I might make welcome with her things; I did not think that my mother would have brought me to such a place as this.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


