





428. (M.) 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Newman , otherwise 
Howard




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver salt, value 1 s. one diaper napkin, value 2 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Pleasant 
               




             , Oct. 14
* 
William Pleasant. I live at the Sun Fire Office, in Norfolk Street, in the Strand


, and keep a publick-house
. On the 14th of this instant I missed a silver salt, and a napkin.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
Pleasant. She came to live with me the Sunday before as a servant
, but did not lie in the house; and on the Thursday night she said to me, this place will not do for me, unless you find me a lodging; I had not properly come at her character, or she had lain in the house before. Then I said, she might lie in a two pair of stairs room. She went to let the people where she lodg'd know, that they need not expect her at night. Soon after a person came and told me my servant was stop'd with a silver salt and a napkin. I took her in custody, and found the things where she had carried them.


                  James 
                  Jervice 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar brought this silver salt and napkin to me last Thursday (producing them. )
Prosecutor. These are my property.
Jervice. I stop'd them as suspecting them to be stolen; but after that she sent a woman, who made a faint pretence to them. So I delivered them; by this means it got to the prosecutor's knowledge.
Q. to Prosecutor. Where did you meet with the things?
Prosecutor. I found them at a cook's shop, where the prisoner said she had left them.
Prisoner. That cook-woman went to Mr. Jervice's house, and owned them.
Prosecutor. The cook woman said the prisoner sent her for them.
Prisoner's defence.
Master has been at several house where I have lived for these three years: He knows the character they give me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


