





302. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ruth 
                     Puckeridge 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one linen shirt , value 2 s. two lawn aprons, four linen neckcloths, one cotton bed gown, one pair of lawn ruffles, one pair of muslin ruffles, one petticoat, and one handkerchief
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Story 
                  




                
            , May 3
. ||


                  Samuel 
                  Story 
               



            . I live in the Borough. I was in the Marshalsea a prisoner
, and my lodgings were at Islington


. The prisoner robbed me of the things mentioned in the indictment. I am just come out of prison. I went to Islington yesterday, and took her up, and carried her before justice Keeling. She confessed she took all the things mentioned, and pawned most of them to Mr. Gearar, in Goswel Street.


                  Thomas 
                  Bristone 
               



            . I am headborough of St. Luke's. These things I found in Mr. Gearar's house upon a search. Producing two lawn aprons, four neckcloths, and a pair of lawn ruffles.
M. Gearar. These goods were pledged in the name of 
               
                  Ruth 
                  Puckeridge 
               



            . A white apron was pawn'd the 27th of February for 1 s. The other things were pawned in her name, March 6; a shirt, 1 s. 6 d. She brought them at several times, but I can't swear to the woman.
Britstone. I heard her confess at my own house, and at justice Keeling's, her taking the things. She said she had the bed gown out of a box, and the other things out of the drawers.


                  Robert 
                  York 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess at justice Keeling's house that she had stole the things, and pawn'd them to Mr. Gearar, and a pink petticoat to Mrs. Barber.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Story 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. I trusted the prisoner while my husband was in trouble, she took away the things mentioned. I heard her confess she stole them six weeks ago.
Q. How came it you did not take her up before yesterday?
E. Story. I was willing to let her have time to get them again if she could.
Prisoner's defence.
I have been sick three weeks, and would have redeem'd the things if I could.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


