





498. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Oglevey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, val. 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Moss 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , July 12
.


                  John 
                  Moss 
               



            . I am servant to a gentleman
. On the 12th of July, a little after ten at night, I had been hiring a coach at the Mews-wall, and was coming home to my lodgings in St. Martin's lane. The prisoner came rushing up to me, and jostled against me, and to the best of my knowledge his right hand was in my pocket. I saw an handkerchief in his hand; I think it then was hardly out of my pocket, and felt him at my pocket. I catched at the handkerchief, but could not take hold on it. He ran and I ran after him; he ran no other way but round the cross, and went twice round where the statue stands. I had like to have been upon him four or five times. I called out as I ran, Stop pickpocket, stop thief. At last I secured him; he had dropped the handkerchief in his running, and it was picked up near the statue of Charles on horseback, and brought to us; after which he acknowledged he had taken it, and begged I'd excuse him, before the people in the watch-house, and went down on his kneess and said it was his first fact. The handkerchief produced in court, and deposed to, with the prosecutor's name on it.
Q. When had you seen it last?
Moss. I had but just before taken it out of my pocket. and wiped my face with it.
Q. from the prisoner. Was any body else near you when you lost your handkerchief ?
Moss. There were some people quarrelling about ten or twelve paces before me.


                  John 
                  Rich 
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 12th of July, after calling the hour ten, I heard the cry of Stop thief, and ran where I saw people running; I was within about ten or twelve yards of them when the prosecutor took hold of the prisoner; he gave me charge of him, and we took him to the watch-house. There the prosecutor asked him if he would tell him what he had done with his handkerchief; the prisoner at first denied his knowing of it. We confined him, and went and traced the ground round where they ran; there we found the handkerchief lying on the ground. I took it to the watch-house. The next day he acknowledged he had taken it, and had dropped it because it should not be found. He begged of the prosecutor on his knees that he'd forgive him.
Prisoner's Defence.
The prosecutor went down to the Bath after I was committed, and is come up in order to prosecute me. He told my father if he'd give him as much money as it had cost him he would not hurt me. I knowing myself to be innocent, was not willing it should cost my father any thing, so chose to take my trial.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


