






205. (M.) 
               
                  Jane 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Barber 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing two linen bags, value 1 d. two portugal pieces, one 3 l. 12 s. piece, 13 36 pieces, 5 moidores, 2 half-moidores, 68 guineas, 3 half guineas, and 5 s. 6 d. the money of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Bill 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Charles, and 
                     
                        Michael 
                        Barber 
                     



, Feb. 18
. ||


                  Charles 
                  Bill 
               



            . I have chambers in Lions-Inn


. On the 17th of this inst. I had a considerable sum of money in my drawer, in my writing-desk; as near as I could make up my account it was about 115 l. part in Portugal gold, and part guineas, in two bags, one a yellow canvas, mark'd R H, 1746, the other a little, dirty, linen bag; but the greatest part of the money was in the yellow bag. In a hurry, betwixt 9 and 10 o'clock on Sunday night, I accidentally left my key in the lock where this money was, there it remained all night; on the Monday morning, betwixt eight and nine, I went to my desk, the first thing I saw was the key in the drawer; I immediately drew it out, and saw my two bags were gone.
Q. Do you lie in the chamber?
Bill. No; they are too small for Mr. Barber and I to lie in, therefore we lie in another place, my lord.
Q. Does any other person lodge there?
Bill. No; my lord.
Q. What did you do upon missing your money?
Bill. I call'd in 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Curtice 
               



            , the landress, for I at once suspected the prisoner, who was her servant. She said she gave the girl the key of the door, and she went and lighted a fire for the other gentlemen. Looking upon. my desk, I found the key of my chamber door lying there. The prisoner was taken the same day at Shadwell. I went there: the first thing I asked her was, about what time she took this money. She said, she took it out after she had lighted the fire; that she went in in an unlucky hour; seeing the key there, she open'd it, and was tempted, seeing a yellow bag, to see what was in it; and seeing a large parcel of gold, she took it away. She made this confession in presence of several gentlemen, and never denied it. The yellow bag was produced in court, with the letters 
               
                  R.
                   H. 
               



            &c. upon it.
Q. Whose property is this money?
Bill. It is my property, my lord,


                  William 
                  Butterey 
               



            . I live in Shacksby's Walk, Shadwell. The prisoner at the bar came to my house the 18th of February, about a quarter after 11 o'clock. I had little or no knowledge of her, but she knew my daughter. She staid till seven o'clock. I found she had shew'd this money to my wife. My wife told me of it. I said to her, my dear, you have got money about you, tell it, that it may prevent any mistake, &c. She took it out, but could not tell it. She drop'd one guinea, and I made her take it up. I saw there were 68 guineas, besides half guineas and Portugal money. (There is now a memorandum in the bag that was made before the justice, it being told over upon his worship's table.) I think in all there is 110 l. 12 s. 6 d. The money was in a dirty linen bag. I never saw the yellow bag in my house, but I saw it afterwards. She told me she receiv'd it for prize-money belonging to her husband. I ask'd her what man of war her husband belong'd to. She could not tell: nor could she tell whether she received the money in Broad-street, or at a banker's. Then she said, she had sold her conosity for 500 l. and such like talk. I sent for a constable and took her up. and took her before justice Bury. The bag was produced in court with the money and memorandum in it, sealed with the justice's seal.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Curtice 
               



            . The prisoner was my servant. I gave her the key of the chamber door that morning, to go and light the fire. She said, after she had unfortunately taken the money and gone out of the room, she pull'd the door too after her, and that she did not know but she should have carried the money back again, had she not left the key behind, which was locked into the room. I heard her confess the whole of taking it, &c.


                  Samuel 
                  Lee 
               



            . I live in Shadwell, This evidence went with Butterey before the justice of peace, and confirmed the account given by him. Her confession was read in court, signed by her own hand.


                  John 
                  Ambler 
               



             deposed to the finding the yellow bag upon her, with a guinea, half a crown, and three shillings in it, in the bosom of her stays, on Tuesday morning; and here is a receipt for 5 s. 3 d. which she had paid to a person.
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the court, 


               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


