






244, 245. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Westwood 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Coulson 
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing one wooden cask, value 10 d. and ten gallons of red wine, called port, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Dickswell 
                     Grimes 
                  




               
            , April 7
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Bruin 
               



            . I am a cooper, and have the care of wines of Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Dickswell 
               



             Grimes. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Heard 
               



             came voluntarily to me, and said, go and take Coulson up, for he is the biggest rogue amongst them. He was taken and brought into my shop, there Heard charged him with stealing ten gallons of red wine out of the store-cellar of Mr. Grimes, in Suffolk-lane.
Q. When did he say this was stolen?
Bruin. I can't say what month it was stolen in. Mr. Barnes was along with Coulson when Heard charged him. He asked Coulson if it was true? Colson down'd on his knees, and said yes, it was, and hoped we would forgive him this time, and he never would do so again.
Q. Did you miss any wine out of the cellar ?
Bruin. I know nothing of my own knowledge of his taking it; a person may go and take twenty or thirty gallons, and it never be missed, out of the great quantity there is in the cellar.
Q. Who did you take Collins before ?
Bruin. I was with him before aldermam Bethell, alderman Chitty, and alderman Hankey; before them he was charged with stealing this wine; but to the best of my knowledge, he denied it before them all.
Q. What do you say against Westwood ?
Bruin. Westwood was my apprentice, and worked in the same vault, and he has laid out of my house many nights, and this Coulson has harboured him in his house.
Q. How do you know he has harboured him?
Bruin. I have taken him out of his house, and I have great reason to believe he has been drawn into bad company by Coulson; there they used to drink wine together.
Q. Do you know any thing of his delivering him any wine?
Bruin. No, I do not.
Q. What is Coulson?
Bruin. He is a taylor; the affair was discovered by a quarrel between Coulson and Heard.


                  Thomas 
                  Heard 
               



            . I asked my father, the day the Medway man of war was launched*, to give me leave to go to see her, which he did. Coming home between five and six at night through Barking-alley, where Westwood and Coulson had a cellar; I saw a light there, and Coulson was standing with a ten-gallon cask in his hand, and wiping the sweat. I said, you sweat; he said he had a good load; he had brought that cask from the vaults in Suffolk-lane; Westwood said it was the same vault that you have been with me in; he had put it down but once between Suffolk-lane and there, and that was near Mr. Wilton's, a cheesemonger. There was another little cask by it, and I was going to sit down upon it; but they bid me not, for fear I should jostle it.
*The Medway man of war was launched the 17th of April.
Q. Where is Suffolk-lane?
Heard. It turns down out of Canon-street. Coulson said they must make up twenty gallons of wine, and Westwood could sell it to 
               
                  Tom 
                  Horsenail 
               



            ; but they must have ready money for it, if they spent half a guinea to get it.
Q. Was Westwood in the hearing of this ?

Heard. He was by at the time, and we drank two bottles of wine out of the cellar.
Q. How came they by the two bottles of wine?
Heard. There were bottles of wine in the cellar, besides casks.
Q. Have you ever been in Coulson's house?
Heard. Yes, I have.
Q. Did you ever see any wine there?
Heard. I have, bottles of wine; he never wanted wine.
Q. Did you ever see Westwood there?
Heard. Yes, many a time.
Q. How did he appear? as a visiter?
Heard. He might be there seven or eight times a day at his house.
Q. Does Coulson rent a house?
Heard. He rents two rooms.
Q. Was you ever present whenever any of the prisoners confessed taking this wine?
Heard. I never heard them confess any otherwise but then in the cellar.
Q. Were the words, we are to make up so many gallons, or I must make up so many gallons?
Heard. Coulson said to Westwood, we must make up so many gallons, and we must have ready money for it; and Westwood said, if they would let him have ready money, he would spend ten or fifteen shillings.
Q. from Westwood to Mr. Bruin. Whether or no we were doing any business in that vault at that time?
Bruin. Westwood was at work there a little after Christmas, I can't recollect the time.
Q. from Westwood to Heard. At what time was it you saw me in the cellar in Barking-alley?
Heard. I don't know the day of the month; it was the day the Medway was launched at Deptford, about six or seven at night.
Q. About what time did it begin to be dark at that time of the year?
Heard. It began then to be dark about half an hour after four. I went that morning to Westwood, and asked if he would go and see the ship launched? He said he could not go.


                  Henry 
                  Barnes 
               



            . On the Monday morning after the last sessions ended, I was at Mr. Bruin's house, he lives next door to me; he told me his man had been out all night, meaning Westwood; he frequently used to lie out of nights; there came a servant maid, I took it to be the witness Heard's father's maid, to tell him Westwood was at Coulson's house. Said Mr. Bruin, I will go and fetch him; so he and a watchman went and fetched him home.
Q. Did Coulson come with him?
Barnes. No, he did not. I heard Mr. Bruin say to Westwood, you use me very ill. No, said Westwood, I don't think I do. He said, you had better confess, and perhaps you may save yourself.
Q. Confess what?
Barnes. That was about stealing some linen, which Mr. Bruin charged him with. In the evening on the same day Heard the evidence came to Mr. Bruin's house, and said I will clear myself, for I am innocent.
Q. Who was by then?
Barnes. There was I and Mrs. Bruin together; then she said, who is this? though Heard is my neighbour, I do not know him. He said that Taylor is the biggest rogue; if you will but take him, you will find this house has suffered prodigiously; he has stolen wine out of a vault in Suffolk-street. I went and fetched Mr. Gardner the constable, and he and I went and took Coulson.
Q. Is the taylor the evidence which Heard meant?
Barnes. He is; he happened to be at home. I laid hold of him, and said, you are my prisoner, and you must go along with me. He said, so I will with all my heart. Coming down the bottom of the street, he made a spring to get away; but having hold of his collar, I held him fast; then he said, what business have you with me? You are no constable. Then Mr. Gardner held his staff to him, and said, smell of this. We took him to Mr. Bruin's house, there was Heard the evidence, who charged him with stealing lead from the Customhouse, and wine from a vault in Suffolk-lane.
Q. Where was Westwood then?
Barnes. He had been sent to the Compter that morning; Coulson and Heard then began to charge one another, each saying it was not me, it was you; upon being charged with taking wine from out of a vault in Suffolk-lane, all on a sudden Coulson called out, for God's sake have some pity and compassion on me, and let me go, and I shall never do so any more. I have always lived well.

Q. How much wine was he then charged with taking ?
Barnes. A ten gallon cask of wine from that vault; I asked Coulson if it was true what the lad said, he said it was true, and still kept begging for God's sake I would let him go.
Q. from Coulson. Whether ever you saw me do any thing that was bad?
Barnes. No, never in my life; I have seen him go backwards and forwards as a taylor, but never had any acquaintance with him.
Q. from Westwood to Mr. Bruin. Whether there was any ullage or any red wine missing in that cellar ?
Bruin. There is an ullage of red port in that vault.


                  James 
                  West 
               



            . Coulson came to my house, my wife was at home, but I was at the India warehouse where I do business; my wife sent for me, Coulson wanted to take a cellar; he asked me what he must give per year for it? I said forty shillings; he agreed to it.
Q. Did he say who he took it for?
West. He said it was for another person that lived in Bread-street; he took me down to a house in Water-lane, there fat Westwood, he told him he had taken the cellar of Mr. West at forty shillings per year, and said to him, you must give Mr. West a shilling, then Westwood gave me a shilling, I called for a pint of beer, and threw down three-halfpence for it and went away.
Q. What was that shilling for?
West. That was earnest for the cellar.
Q. Who did you take to be your tenant ?
West. I looked upon Westwood to be my tenant, but the agreement was made with Coulson.
Q. Where is your cellar?
West. It is in Barking alley.
Q. to Bruin. Where do you live?
Bruin. I live in Water-lane.
Q. to West. Do you know what use was made of this cellar?
West. I am very seldom at home, when I have done at the warehouses I attend at an inn where I am book-keeper; I never saw any thing carried into it.


                  Edward 
                  Gardener 
               



            . I had the charge of the two prisoners at the bar; I am constable; I carried Westwood to the Compter in the morning, and in the evening Heard came and surrendered himself; then Mr. Barnes came to me and desired me to go and take Coulson, which I did, and we carried him to Mr. Bruin's house, there he was charged by Heard with stealing ten gallons of red wine; he denied it at first; I asked him how he could be concerned with such youths as they were? and said, I believe he had been the ruin of them; at last he fell down on his knees, and desired we would let him go, and said he never would be concerned in such a thing any more.
Q. Was you with him before the alderman?
Gardener. I was before alderman Bethell, alderman Chitty and alderman Hankey; there was Westwood also, they both denied taking the wine when charged with it before them.
Westwood's defence.
I am innocent of any such affair as is laid to my charge.
Coulson's defence.
I am quite innocent of the affair.
To Westwood's character.


                  Richard 
                  Penley 
               



            . I have known Westwood from his infancy, he was always a very sober and dutiful lad to his parents. I never heard any ill of him till this affair, he has been seduced to it I believe by the other prisoner.
Mr. Chapman. I have known Westwood ever since he was put in breeches, I knew him at the boarding-school at Sydenham, where I thought him remarkable above the rest of the boys. I knew his first master extremely well.
Q. Who was his first master?
Chapman. His name was Fish; I had some conversation with him about the lad, I have heard him say the lad should work with any apprentice upon the keys; I have also heard that Coulson has been a rogue from his cradle, and, I believe, that he has enticed the lad into this affair.


                  Henry 
                  Maynard 
               



            . I have known Westwood ever since he was in petticoats; he is a dutiful boy; he never behaved himself ill as I knew of; I I had him with me eleven or twelve years till he was sent to a boarding-school; I have heard his master Fish say several times at my house, he thought there was not a better boy upon the keys, he liked him prodigiously well.



                  John 
                  Williams 
               



            . I have known Westwood from his infancy, and never heard any ill of him before this happened; I have heard his former master give him a very good character.
To Coulson's character.


                  Welch 
                  Fox 
               



            . I have known Coulson two years and better; he lodged at one Mr. Howard's, a brother-officer of mine. I know the other prisoner, and never heard any body speak ill of him; Coulson is a taylor, he has work'd for me, and he always gave good satisfaction to me, and others where I have known him to work, as far as I know.
Q. Have you ever been in his lodgings?
Fox. I have.
Q. Did you ever see any wine there?
Fox. No, I never did; I have seen nothing but a tankard of porter there.


                  Isaac 
                  Abrahams 
               



            . I have known Coulson between four and five years; he has worked at our shop.
Q. What are you?
Abrahams. I am a taylor; I never heard any thing to his dishonesty in my life.
Q. Where is your shop?
Abrahams. I work along with a gentleman that I served my time with.
Q. What is Coulson's general character ?
Abrahams. He has a very good character in general; he always behaved honest, as he ought.
Both 

               guilty
            .
There were three other indictments against Westwood for different facts; but they not being laid capital, he was not tried upon either of them.





[Transportation. See summary.]


