





283. (L.) 
               
                  Jane, wife
 of - Page


            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver tankard, value 6 l. the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Nash 
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of the said George
            , July 7
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Nash 
               



            . I live at the Black-Bull in Cow-lane


, my husband's name is George; this day se'n-night the prisoner was in our house about five hours, from three till half an hour after eight.
Q. Had you your tankard then?
M. Nash. I had.
Q. When did you miss it?
M. Nash. I never miss'd it at all. The prisoner went out of the house, and I happening to be on the other side of the way saw her hustle something out of her left hand under her apron.
Q. Was she by herself in your house?
M. Nash. Yes, all the time she was there.
Q. Did you know her?
M. Nash. I never saw her before. I ask'd her the reason of her staying so long; she said a young man had promised to come by eight o'clock, and as he did not come she would stay no longer. I mistrusted she had got my tankard, and call'd out, Mistress, Mistress, thinking that if she had it she would discover it by running away. She ran away, and I after her; I saw her stop'd by Mr. Spencer: we were almost all together. She drop'd the tankard, and he took it up in my sight.
Q. How near was you to the prisoner when it was taken up?
M. Nash. I believe I was about 5 or 10 yards from her when I saw it drop.
Q. Did you see her drop it?
M. Nash. She was the nighest person, I saw her drop it. She ran, after the tankard was taken up, but was soon taken. I got a constable, and charged him with her. [The tankard produced in court, and deposed to.]


                  George 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I was standing at my shop door in West-Smithfield, betwixt Cow-Lane and Chick-Lane, between eight and nine, when Mrs. Nash ran, and called out, '' Stop that woman.'' I ran, and going down Newcastle-Street, she drop'd the tankard, being the first turning on the right hand.
Q. Did you see her drop it?
Spencer. I did, I took it up.


                  William 
                  Gardner 
               



            . I had just done work, and was talking to the last witness, when I heard the prosecutrix say, '' Stop that woman.'' I went after her, and saw the prisoner drop the tankard. She ran down a yard as far as she could, I laid hold of her, and we secured her.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a poor woman, and go out a chairing for my living; I never did such a thing in my life before.
To her Character.


                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            . I have known her, I believe, seven years; she lived with me two years at two several times: It is about seven years ago, and she behaved soberly and honestly.
Q. What has been her general character?
Ward. No worse since. I was as much astonish'd at this affair as if she had been my own child. If I had had a mint of money, I would have trusted her with it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hickman 
               



            . I have known her between two and three years; she work'd and scower'd  for me. I trusted her the day this thing happen'd; she never wrong'd me.


                  Sarah 
                  Horton 
               



            . I have known her these 5 years; she did business for me two years, and never wrong'd me of the value of a pin, neither did I ever hear any ill of her.
John Brown. I have known her between two and three years. I would have trusted her with all I had in the world.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Brown 
               



            . That last evidence is my husband. I have known her the same time, and believed her to be the honestess woman in the world.


                  Mary 
                  Cook 
               



            . I have known her about two years, and believed her to be an honest woman. I would have trusted her with untold gold. I verily believe this to be the first fact.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


