






210. (M.) 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hall 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing one china punch-bowl, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gilbert 
                  



                
            , Feb. 18

. ||


                  Sarah 
                  Gilbert 
               



            . I live at the Rose and Crown, in Broad-street, near Ratcliff-Cross



; my husband keeps the house, his name is James; some time in Feb. on a Sunday morning, I missed a china punch-bowl, that holds upwards of two quarts ; the prisoner had been at my house, but about an hour before he was apprehended: on the Saturday following the bowl was found at Mr. Price's, a pawnbroker, facing Dick's-Shore, Limehouse. (Produced in court and deposed to) The pawnbroker was before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , Knt. and bound over to appear; but he is not here.


                  William 
                  Gwilliam 
               



            . I saw the prisoner take this punch-bowl from off the shelf in the bar, at Mr. Gilbert's.
Q. What time was this?
Gwilliam. It was one Sunday morning, he gave it to me, to carry it to the pawnbroker, Mr. Price, at Dick's-Shore, and I did so.
Q. Where do you live?
Gwilliam. I live at Mr. White's, an Apothecary at Shadwell.
Q. How near does Mr. White live to Mr. Gilbert's ?
Gwilliam. About two stones cast off.
Q. Where was you, when you saw the prisoner take this bowl?
Gwilliam. I stood and looked through the window at the time; the prisoner and I had been out together that morning; he went in, and bid me stay without; and brought it and gave it me.
Q. What did you go out about that morning?
Gwilliam. I don't know.
Q. What use was he to make of you?
Gwilliam. I don't know; he did not tell me.
Q. Did you go directly to the pawnbroker's with it?
Gwilliam. No, I carried it home, and kept it there about an hour and half, till he came; then carried it to the pawnbrokers.
Q. What month was this done in?
Gwilliam. I believe it was in February.
Q. What time did you go out in the morning?
Gwilliam. Between five and six.
Q. Was it light then?
Gwilliam. It was.
Q. What time did you carry it to the pawnbrokers?
Gwilliam. Between nine and ten.
Q. What had you lent you upon it?
Gwilliam. I asked two shillings, and he gave it me.
Q. Did he ask you how you came by it?
Gwilliam. No, he did not; he asked me no questions.
Q. Did he know you before?
Gwilliam. He did.
Q. Had you pawned things there before?
Gwilliam. I had, for my aunt.
Q. Had he used to keep open shop, on Sunday mornings ?
Gwilliam. Yes, he does.
Q. From between five and six, to the time he took the bowl, what were you doing?
Gwilliam. We walked up and down in Shadwell ; he went in there, just as Mr. Gilbert was up, and had open'd the door.
Q. What did he go in for?
Gwilliam. He went in for a penny-worth of beer.
Q. Did he bid you hide it?
Gwilliam. He bid me carry it under my coat; which I did.
Q. Is this bowl the same, that is here produced?
Gwilliam. It is; for I fetched it again, with Mr. Cock the constable, I asked for the bowl, that I brought on the Sunday morning; and he gave it me.
Q. How long was it after you carried it, that you fetched it again?
Gwilliam. I think I fetched it the Saturday following.
Q. In whose name did you put it?
Gwilliam. I put it in in my own name; and the prisoner's name; so the pawnbroker wrote it down.
Q. Did he know you before ?
Gwilliam. He did.
Q. to Mrs. Gilbert. Did you see the prisoner in your house, that Sunday morning you lost the bowl?
S. Gilbert. My husband was up, I was in bed.
Q. What is this lad that gives evidence, do you know him?
S. Gilbert. The prisoner has been married to his mother about two years.
Q. to Gwilliam. How long have you lived with Mr. White?
Gwilliam. I lived with the prisoner, and my mother, at the time of his taking this bowl; I went to Mr. White, since the prisoner has been in confinement.


                  Philip 
                  Cock 
               



            . I am headborough; I was sent for on the 2d. of March; to take charge of this boy, on the account of a pot and a plate ; I asked him if he was concerned in any other things ; he confessed that he with the prisoner robbed the prosecutor's house, and he staid without, and saw the prisoner go in and take this bowl; and he delivered it to him; he did not say then, he carried it home; but said he carried it to the pawnbroker's; I went to Mrs. Gilbert, and asked her if she had lost a punch-bowl such a time, she said she had; then he and I went with the boy to the pawnbroker's; and he produced the bowl; the pawnbroker brought it himself before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , then Sir Samuel granted a warrant against Hall.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw that bowl in my life.



               Acquitted
            .
Price not appearing, his recognizance was ordered to be estreated.
He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing one linnen shift, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Chub 
                  



                
            , widow, Feb. 12

. ||


                  Elizabeth 
                  Chub 
               



            . The prisoner and the boy Gwilliam came into my mother's house, the sign of the Angel and Crown, in Queen-street



, a publick house near Ratcliff-cross, I was then gone out with some beer, and when I came in I found them both there: the prisoner asked for a pennyworth of beer, after that he said he'd have half a quartern of gin, which they had and went away together. I did not apprehend they had taken away any thing : at night I went to make an end of a shift, which I had left lying on the table in the kitchen, when they came in in the morning, and found it was gone. There was another shift, which I left lying with it, which they had not taken. In about a month after one came and asked me if I had lost a shift, and said he came from the headborough; I went to him and he produced it. Produced in court and depos'd to.
Q. What day was it you missed it?
E. Chub. It was about a month before I heard of it, which was on that day Mrs. Gilbert heard of her punch bowl.


                  Philip 
                  Cock 
               



            . The boy in his confession said, he and the prisoner had been to the Angel in Queen-street, and that his father-in-law had taken a shift there; that it was about 7 or 8 o'Clock on a Friday morning ; he told me when they went in the woman of the house was in the yard ; he called for some beer, and that after she came in, he would have half a quartern of gin; that the prisoner drank all the gin, and took the shift from off the table, and left something else white on the table, what it was he could not tell; after that they went to Ratcliff-Cross; the prisoner took water and he went home; after that the prisoner brought the shift, and gave it to his mother in the afternoon; I found this shift in the prisoner's house: the woman said her husband brought it home unfieth'd, and gave it her.


                  Wm 
                  Gwilliam 
               



            . The p risoner and I went into the Angel and Crown, and he called for a pennyworth of beer ; the woman was in the yard, and did not hear; when she came, the prisoner would have half a quartern of gin, when she was gone, he took the shift, and left something white on the table where he took that from; after that he went to Ratcliff-Cross and took water ; I went home, and he came home drunk in the afternoon, and gave my mother the shift ; when the officer came I gave him the shift, and took the sleeves out myself which my mother had sewed in.
The prisoner had nothing to say for himself.



               Guilty
            .
There were two other indictments against him, on which he was not tried.




[Transportation. See summary.]


