





92. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Titten 
                  



               
            , was indicted for that 


               he, on the 13th of December
, about the hour of nine in the night on the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Athill 
                        




                      
                  , widow, did break and enter, and stealing out thence one copper chocolate pot, one copper tea-kettle, one brass candlestick, one brass knocker, one brass tinderbox, one bible, and one common prayer book
            . ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Athill 
               



            . I live in Webb's-court, Shoreditch


 : on Friday was a month, my doors were all shut, the casement was shut, but the shutter was open on the out side; these goods mentioned lay in the window, I missed them between the hours of eight and nine, then I found the casement open, there was a candle in the shop at the time.
Q. What shop do you keep?
E. Athill. I keep a Broker's shop
: these were the things that lay for sale.
Q. Have you found any of your goods again?
E. Athill. No, I have not: the evidence told me every thing I had lost, before I mentioned them to him.


                  Henry 
                  Byton 
               



            . When we took the prisoner, he asked what was the matter, I said you are taken up for such a robbery: said he, I wish you could make me an evidence. He ask'd who was evidence against him, I told him Mace: the prisoner owned he was in the robbery with him, but would not own he was with him in any other robbery.


                  William 
                  Mace 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar and I were going along Shoreditch; in Webb's-square we saw a pane of glass out of a window: he put his hand in and undid the window, and took out two books, a tea-kettle, which we sold for 1 s. 6 d. to a woman which I did not know before, or seen since: we took also some other brass, which we sold Madding: there was a chocolate-pot, a brass tinder box, a candlestick with three legs to it, a brass mortar, and a copper lid to a sauce-pan, for which he gave us half a crown.
Prisoner's defence.
He has been an evidence once or twice before: he came to lodge at the same house where I did: he asked me to take a walk with him, he went before me a little way; he brought me a handkerchief: so we were taken up, and had to Clerkenwell Bridewell, the next day we were let out, and I quitted his company.
Mace. That very night we went down and took these things out of this house.




               Guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


