





395. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bowley 
                  



               
            , Spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, one duffel coat, one silver laced waistcoat, one flannel waistcoat
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Standish 
                  




                
            , June 22
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Kemp 
               



            . I am laundress to the prosecutor, his chambers are in Bernard's Inn


. The prisoner had lived at the porter's lodge about three years ago, so she knew these chambers. About the latter end of May, I can't tell the exact time, when I went to clean the rooms, I used to leave the door open, it was usual for me to go down to empty a bason for the space of two or three minutes. The first that was missed was the cloth coat, waistcoat and breeches. Last Monday I lost a flannel and duffil coat and waistcoat. The prisoner was seen to go out on Monday. On Thursday I went up again about three o'clock and found her; she had hid herself in an empty chamber above ours. I sent for a constable, she then confessed that she had gone up into that chamber, and when I went down to empty the bason, has slid down to my master's chamber, and took these things up to the room where I found her, and when I had locked the door and gone down she then has come down and carried the things away; and that she sold the first things in Rosemary lane. Mrs. Dean stopped the second parcel when she came with it. I went and found the clothes. The goods produced in court by Mary Dean, and deposed to by the prosecutor.


                  Mary 
                  Dean 
               



             deposed, she bought one coat of the prisoner above a month ago, and she came again, and after that she came again with a duffil coat and waistcoat; she scrupled how she came by them, upon which the prisoner went to fetch somebody to say she was an honest woman but she never returned, so she advertized the clothes, and the prosecutor came and owned them.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


