






128, 129. (M.) 
               
                  Jane 
                  wife

 of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Watson 
                     







            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  wife

 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Duncan 
                     







            , were indicted for 


               stealing one silver table spoon, two pair of laced ruffles, one pair of muslin ruffles, two silk handkerchiefs, half an ell of linen cloth, one linen apron, one yard of lace for a cap, and one body of a shift
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Constantine 
               




             , Jan. 25
. ++


                  Henry 
                  Constantine 
               



            . I rented a room of the prisoner Watson. Some time in September last I missed a large silver spoon, two pair of laced ruffles, one pair of plain, two silk handkerchiefs, one remnant of Irish cloth, one apron, a yard of lace, and a body of a shift, from out of my room.
Q. Was your room door lock'd ?
Constantine. It was. I had no reason to suspect either of the prisoners till Duncan came on the 24th of January and told me of it. She said she had taken the goods, and would tell me where they were. She went with me to a silversmith just by Wapping Chapel, where I found the silver spoon; and then to a pawnbroker's in Nightingale-Lane, St. John's, Wapping; where she said she had pawn'd the laced ruffles for two shillings, but the pownbroker denied them. I found an apron and the yard of lace in Watson's house, upon the information of Duncan.
Q. In what part of the house did you find them ?
Constantine. Mrs. Watson gave me them out of her own hands. I took her before the justice, and she own'd the taking of all the things; and they both told me they had each of them had a cap made of the Irish linen, and the muslin ruffles served for borders to the caps.


                  Henry 
                  Plumpton 
               



            . About four months ago I bought this spoon. I cannot swear to the persons that brought it, but the prisoners came along with Mr. Constantine for it.
Q. How many people brought the spoon?
Plumpton. There were two people came with it and sold it to me. I heard the two prisoners jointly confess before the justice the stealing the spoon.


                  John 
                  Guise 
               



            . The prosecutor having lost these things, he desired me to go with him to find the prisoners. We took them both up, and upon being charged with stealing them, I heard them both confess the taking them. I was also with the prosecutor at the finding of the spoon.
Watson's Defence.
I know nothing of the matter.
Duncan's Defence.
I had been ill some time, and Mr. Constantine came to me, and asked me to drink a glass of rum, which overcame my head. I told him I knew no more of the things than Mrs. Watson did, and going by he went into the silversmith's shop, without any direction, and found the spoon.
For the Prisoner.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hutchinson 
               



            . I have known Watson some time, I always look'd upon her to be a very sober woman. I know Duncan also. I take her to be a very honest woman.


                  Mary 
                  Owen 
               



            . I have known Watson betwixt five and six years. I never saw any thing amiss in her in my life, and never heard any ill of her till now.


                  Mary 
                  Asbton 
               



            . I have known Watson some time. She is a very honest woman, and if she was clear at this time, I would trust her with ten thousand pounds value.


                  Susannah 
                  Curtise 
               



            . Watson has used my shop six months. I have known her fourteen months, and never heard any ill of her.


                  Mary 
                  Hofner 
               



            . I have known the prisoner Watson between six and seven years. She always bore a very good character. She has been a hard working woman to bring up her family.


                  Daniel 
                  Mackey 
               



            . I have known Watson ten years. She has a very good character. She nursed a child of mine, and has been in my house many times. I never suspected her of any such thing as she is charged with.
Q. When had the your child ?
Mackey. I had it away some time in August last. She had another child of mine since, but her milk was too old for it, so I took it away, and for no other cause. I would trust her with one now, for the matter of honesty.


                  Jane 
                  Kent 
               



            . I have known Watson between eight and nine years. She is a very honest industrious woman.


                  Martha 
                  Minet 
               



            . I have known Watson ten years, and never heard any harm of her in my life.
Both 


               Guilty, 10 d.
            






[Watson:Whipping. See summary.]






[Duncan:Transportation. See summary.]


