





208. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Latter 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, and a cornelian seal, value forty one shillings, and one metal seal, value one penny, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wallis 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , March 30
. *
Upon the jury being about to be sworn, he challenged the whole twelve; and the twelve following were sworn.


                     John 
                     Bradfield 
                  



               ,


                     John 
                     Catts 
                  



               ,


                     John 
                     Davis 
                  



               ,


                     John 
                     Numburg 
                  



               ,


                     Samuel 
                     Harvey 
                  



               ,


                     Thomas 
                     Jeffreys 
                  



               ,


                     John 
                     Addy 
                  



               ,


                     George 
                     Hipsey 
                  



               ,


                     Thomas 
                     Tolley 
                  



               ,


                     Montague 
                     Lawrance 
                  



               ,


                     Robert 
                     Wilton 
                  



               ,


                     Thomas 
                     Fell 
                  



               .
[At the prisoner's request, the evidence were examined separate.]


                  William 
                  Wallis 
               



            . I was coming from the Galleon House, properly called the Devil's House


, on the Thursday in Easter-week.
Q. Where is that house you speak of?
Wallis. It is by the Galleons, almost opposite Woolwich : I had met with a man that belongs to the sign of the plough, and bought a lamb of him; I was pretty much in liquor before, and drinking there, I was pretty much intoxicated in liquor, and fell into a ditch, and was almost suffocated, and could not get out. I said, for God's sake, so many people standing by, and nobody help me! I had struggled and swallowed a great deal of filth and stuff; I was helped out then; I clapt my hand to my pocket, and found my watch was there; I had drank myself insensible; but being in the water brought me to my senses; I heard a voice which I knew to be the prisoner's; I called out 
               
                  John 
                  Latter 
               



            ; he answered me; I said do pray see me home some how, or other; I can tell no further of that, whether he was the man that robbed me or not.
Q. When did you miss your watch?
Wallis. I missed it some little time after that, as he was leading me home; then I said where is my watch? I will not go home without my watch. Some time after I went to ask the prisoner, in a private way, at an alehouse, if he knew any thing of it, saying I was robbed of it at such a time; and if he would help me to it, I would give him a guinea for his trouble; if the prisoner at the bar denies it, then I am wrong; there he stands.
Q. How long was this after you lost it?
Wallis. This was two or three-days after; I being a poor man did not give myself the trouble to make a strict enquiry after it.
Q. What did he say to you?
Wallis. He asked me if I knew the name and number of it; he is there to answer to the thing; I said I believe she had no number; and as to the name, I believed I had that at home, but could not be positive; he desired me to go and find it, and leave word with his wife; I went and looked, but could not find it. I went and told his wife, I could neither find name nor number.
Q. Was the prisoner and you alone together?
Wallis. There was nobody in company with me but a young single lamb.
Q. Did the prisoner see you home?
Wallis. No, he did not.
Q. Where did he part with you?
Wallis. I cannot tell.
Q. Can you say you lost your watch, while he was in your company?
Wallis. No, I cannot.
Cross examination.
Q. Are you certain after the man had helped you out of the ditch that you had your watch?
Wallis. After I came out of the ditch I felt in my fob, and found my watch was there.
Q. You say you had drank yourself insensible, how came you to have your understanding so soon?
Wallis. It brought me almost to my senses.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Wallis. It was between the hours of seven and eight in the evening.


                  Stephen 
                  Boswell 
               



            . I was drinking with the prisoner and Mr. Breebrook, when the prosecutor fell into the ditch.
Q. Where?
Boswell. We were at the Three Goats Heads in White Chapel; upon seeing a croud of people, we went to see what was the matter; when we came there, we found the prosecutor was just pulled out of the ditch; he was on the edge of the bank; we set him on his legs, and he fell down again; he was so black with the mud and filth of the ditch, that nobody knew him; I knew him by his tongue, and he knew Latter's tongue. He said who is there? 
               
                  Jack 
                  Latter 
               



            ! Latter said, yes; then Latter said he is a man that I have done a great deal of business for, I will lead him home.
Q. Were there any other people there besides you?
Boswell. There were several others. As he was leading him along Montague-street, he was very desirous of my taking him by the other hand; a tall man had hold of it then; I then took hold of that hand, and Latter and I led him along. Going along, Latter shoved him up against the pales, stood before him, and catched hold of his watch-string; then I let go my hold, and wiped my hand on a post to clean it; then Latter let go and wiped his hand with his handkerchief, I thought he was going to give me his handkerchief. Holding his hand out, he put two seals and a watch-key into my hand; I throwed them into the kennel directly.
Q. What did you do that for?
Boswell. Because I did not like to be concerned in any such thing.
Q. Where was this?
Boswell. This was in Montague-street, then I went away.
Q. What became of the seals and key afterwards?
Boswell. I never went to look for them afterwards.
Q. What sort of seals were they?
Boswell. I know there was a white one, and a yellow one. Presently the prisoner came to me (as I was going away) with a watch in his hand. Breebrook said, Jack has certainly robbed that man. Latter held the watch behind to give it to me unknown to Breebrook.
Q. What a watch was it?
Boswell. It was a silver watch.
Cross examination.
Q. Are any of the people here that were leading him along, or attending him.
Boswell. Yes: there are three or four of them I believe.
Q. What was your reason for slinging the seals and key away?
Boswell. I was afraid.
Q. Did you do any thing at that time towards stopping the prisoner?
Boswell. No, I did not.
Q. Did you see the watch then?
Boswell. No, at that time I did not.
Q. Did you see the string?
Boswell. The seals and key were on an old black ribbon; the ribbon broke, I suppose, in pulling the watch out.
Q. Had the prisoner and you any acquaintance together before that?
Boswell. I have been with him often to do business.
Q. What is he?
Boswell. He is an officer.
Q. Did you never cause him to be taken up on any warrant?
Boswell. No.
Q. Did you ever declare to any person, that if he would pay your expences which you had been at, you would not appear against him?
Boswell. No.
Q. Do you know Mr. Haywood?
Boswell. No, I do not.
Q. Had you no conversation with him about Monday last?
Boswell. I know no such man; it may be I may know him if I see him: I had some conversation with a man on Monday and Sunday too; they offered me something if I would go into the country, and keep out of the way.
Q. Who offered that?
Boswell. Mr. Ambler did; he desired me to meet him at Clay-Hall by Bow.
Q. What did he offer you?
Boswell. He offered to pay me all the expences that I had been at; and desired to know what I would say, and whether I would say any more than I did before justice Fielding; and said if I said no more, they would give me two or three guineas to go into the country.
Q. Was any body in the hearing of this?
Boswell. One Wilson was there; but they took me aside when they talked with me about this; he desired me to meet him on the next day, which was the Monday, they put me into the gatehouse.
Q. What for?
Boswell. For a quarrel, which was about this time twelve months, which happened at skittles; they gave that man that I quarrelled with a crown to put me in the gatehouse.
Q. Had you any conversation on the Monday evening with any body else?
Boswell. No, I had with none but Mr. Ambler.
Q. from prisoner. The watch was lost on the 30th of March; whether or no I and you and others were not in company together at the Bull in Spittlefields market since that?
Boswell. Yes, we were.
Q. When was the prisoner taken up?
Boswell. He was taken up last Sunday was se'nnight.
Q. How came you to conceal it so long?
Boswell. Because I was afraid of being put in gaol; so I shall now when I go from here, I don't doubt.
Q. What reason have you to fear that?
Boswell. Because if any body disobliges him, he will go to his usurer and get their notes, and then put them in gaol.
Q. from prisoner. Whether you was not in company with the prosecutor and me on the 7th of April.
Boswell. I cannot tell the day of the month.
Q. How often have you been in company with the prisoner since the watch was lost?
Boswell. Six or seven times, or more; I can't pretend to say how many times.
Q. How came you to take courage to discover this matter?
Boswell. I did it because I would not swear a man into gaol for them.


                  William 
                  Fitz 
               



            . Last Monday was a month, the prisoner came to my house in Spittlefields market, and wanted me to bail him for a fraud; it was for defrauding a man of six guineas. He called me out between my two rooms, and told me he had a watch which he would sell me very cheap, if I would buy it; I said how came you by it, he said I mell'd one in the market of it. I said pray who was that, he said Will Wallis.
Q. What did you understand by this word Mell?
Fitz. The word Melling I did not understand, but when he said Will Wallis, I thought he must steal it, or get it clandestinely.
Q. If he spoke to you in a language you did not understand, how came you to say who?
Fitz. I did say who, but did not understand the word mell'd?
Q. Did he produce the watch to you?
Fitz. No, he did not; I said I was surprized he was not afraid of being hanged or transported for such a thing; he told me as long as Mr. Wilson and Ambler lived, he could be bailed for murder; that he had so many boys and girls at home that could buss the book for him.
Q. What are you?
Fitz. I am a Salesman in Spittlefields-market.
Q. Are you in that employ now?
Fitz. No, I am not now.
Q. How long have you left it?
Fitz. About four or five months.
Q. What business have you followed since that?
Fitz. None at all; I live upon what I have; my spouse died and left me some hundreds.
Q. What did she make a will?
Fitz. No, she made no will at all; she and I got it together; I have lived on that spot thirty years.
Q. Was you an acquaintance of Latter's before?
Fitz. I have known him five or six years; and have employed him to serve several writs for me.
Q. How came he to think you a proper person to apply to about a watch.
Fitz. I cannot tell that.
Q. When he offered to sell it you very cheap, what did you say to him?
Fitz. I said I would have no concern with it, if he would sell it for a halfpenny.
Q. Did you endeavour to stop him when you suspected he stole it?
Fitz. No; if I had he would have knocked my brains out.
Q. Did you apply to a constable about him?
Fitz. No; I thought he wanted to draw me in to be bail, so I dropped them all; and the woman that lives with me and I locked the door by agreement and went into the country.
Q. When was you applied to, to be a witness in this affair?
Fitz. It was about ten or twelve days ago.


                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            . The night that Mr. Wallis fell in the ditch, after he was pulled out, the prisoner said to him I will see you home. He went to some people on the other side of the way; and said he is a staunch man and keeps the market. He and another took him up a great garden to Montague-street, and set him down on a bench, at the Cock and Key in that street. I was then about forty or fifty yards before them, he did not sit long, then they helped him along near a hundred yards; Mr. Wallis missed his watch and asked for it, Latter said d - n your watch, never mind that, I will take care of that: he dragged him twenty or thirty yards further. Wallis said he would not go any further without his watch, then he let him fall, and left him, and went on, and called to Boswell.

Q. Who was by him besides the prisoner at that time?
Fielding. I was the nearest to him except the prisoner: I was about ten yards off them; there was no body helping him then but the prisoner. Boswell had helped him before that.
Q. Where was Boswell when he missed his watch?
Fielding. Boswell was a-head of them.
Q. What time was this?
Fielding. This was about the dusk of the evening.
Q. Was Boswell by when he was sitting on the bench?
Fielding. I do not know that, because I was thirty or forty yards a-head, he was with him before I went on to go before them.
Q. Whereabouts were they when the prosecutor said he missed his watch?
Fielding. They were about twenty or thirty yards from the corner of Brick-Lane; as they were going along, I saw the prisoner's left hand in Wallis's right hand breeches pocket; he was hugging of him to get him along, and the pocket was turned inside out when he was left alone.
Q. What time was this you saw that.
Fielding. It was just at the time Wallis said he missed his watch; I went then to help to take the man home, when he left him.
Cross examination.
Q. When Wallis was on the bench under the Cock and Key, was any body else by him besides the prisoner?
Fielding. I was then twenty or thirty yards before them.
Q. Did you at the time you saw the prisoner's hand in Wallis's pocket offer to take him up.
Fielding. No; because I had heard what a sort of a man he was, and dare not, but my will was good.


                  John 
                  Eaben 
               



            . I saw Mr. Wallis fall into the ditch, with a young lamb on his shoulder; I ran and got in and took the lamb out, and carried it into the Dolphin alehouse; there was Boswell and the prisoner pretending to be his friends; they brought him into that alehouse; I was by the fire-side taking care of the lamb; one of them went to take Wallis's buckles out of his shoes; the other said let them alone; they were silver; they took him into Mountague-street, Latter got his hand round him hugging him up against a house, and set him down by the side of a door. I believe Boswell was about a hundred yards before him when he sat down; after that, the prisoner took Wallis about a hundred yards farther, till they came to the King of Prussia's Head; then Wallis asked for his watch; the prisoner said, d - n your watch, never mind your watch; then he took him about fifty yards farther, till they came betwixt Brick-Lane, and Dirty-Lane end; then Mr. Wallis said he would not go any further till he had his watch; then the prisoner left him, and called out Boswell, Boswell.
Q. How far did Boswell assist in taking him along?
Eaben. He might help take him about a hundred yards from the Dolphin, which is about half way to the Cock and Key, when they brought him in the house, Boswell had hold of one arm, and the prisoner the other.
Q. Did you observe Wallis jostled up to some pales?
Eaben. No, I did not, till I came to the Cock and Key, there the prisoner set him down on a bench.
Q. How near was you to him?
Eaben. I was just behind with the lamb in my apron; they said they were his friends, and would see him home, and I followed them close behind with the lamb; and when the prisoner left him in the cart way, I got this Mr. Fielding to assist in getting him home.
Cross examination.
Q. When Mr. Wallis fell in the ditch where was you?
Eaben. I then had just left work, at the next house to the Dolphin alehouse.
Q. Was you near him all the way they led him?
Eaben. I was just behind them with the lamb in my apron all the way.
Q. Did any body sit down with him on the bench at the Cock and Key ?
Eaben. No, nobody.
Q. Did the prisoner sit down with him.
Eaben. No, he did not.
Q. If he had taken the watch there, must not you have seen it?
Eaben. I might; but I did not think of any such thing then.

Prisoner's defence.
I have two or three questions to ask that witness, and then shall call some witness that are here.
For the prisoner.


                  Martha 
                  Barnes 
               



            . The prisoner did not sit down, nor make an attempt to sit down on that bench under the Cock and Key. I was by and knew the prisoner; seeing him lead the prosecutor along, I thought he was arrested by the prisoner.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Philips 
               



            . On the 30th of March, I met the prisoner and prosecutor just before they came to the bench the other witness speak of; I saw them both pass by it, they did not stop at it at all.


                  Robert 
                  Haywood 
               



            . On Monday last in the evening I was at our office in Chancery-Lane, I was desired by Mr. Ambler, to go and drink a pot of beer at the five bells to hear what past, being informed Boswell was discharged out of the gatehouse, and at that house. I heard Mr. Ambler say to him, suppose you was to be satisfied for the expences you have been put to since you was in the gatehouse, would you appear against Latter or not? he answered it is all owing to one Briant, or nothing of this had happened, but honour, if I was paid; I would say nothing about it. 


               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


