





380. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gess 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one live duck, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Aaron 
                     Coventry 
                  




                
            , Oct. 17
. ||


                  Aaron 
                  Coventry 
               



            . I live at the half-way house St. Mary le-bon parish


, and am a milkman, and cowkeeper, and also keep a farm
. I suspected the prisoner of robbing me of some poultry.
Q. From what did you suspect him?
Coventry. I saw him loitering about my house several times. I took him up, and found one live duck upon him, my property.
Q. By what do you know it to be yours?
Coventry. It is a very large spotted one, a particular mark'd duck.
Q. When did you lose it?
Coventry. I lost it last Friday.
Job Floyd. Mr. Coventry desired me to give an eye to his field, while he went out with his milk. I was to watch the prisoner, to see whether he meddled with any thing. I saw the prisoner come out of the yard. I got over the pales, and went and took him at about fourscore yards distance, he had got a live duck in his lap.


                  Ambrose 
                  Hilliar 
               



            . I had just done milking for the prosecutor, I saw the last witness have hold of the prisoner. I went to him and found he had a duck in his lap. I said, let's tie him to a tree and whip him well, and let him go again. He was served so a week before, for such a crime at another neighbour's. But the other witness said, he should be brought to justice, so we secured him, and took him before the justice, and he committed him to the Gatehouse. It is a very large spotted duck.
Prisoner's defence.
I was very hungry, and wanted a little money to be me some supper.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


