







281, 282. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Murphy 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Innes 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing three stock beds, one feather bolster, two feather pillows, three blankets, one stuff petticoat, three iron grates, all valued at 22 s. 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Taylor 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in the warehouse of the said Elizabeth
            , March 9
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I live in Shadwell parish


, I lost all the things mentioned in the indictment out of my warehouse, March 9. I missed them in the morning between 5 and 6 o'clock, the lock was broken, and a padlock that was on the door besides was taken away. I went to Justice Bury's and got a search warrant, and took a neighbour and a constable and went and search'd the house of Murphy, and there I found some of my bedding and a woman lying upon them, there were a bolster, 2 pillows, a blanket, and a quilted petticoat, Murphy told me Walter Innes brought them to his house between twelve and one at night, and desired I'd take him as soon as I could. I went by his directions, and found him selling the other things at his house in Norman-court, Rag-fair, he had sold the grates to 
               
                  Cornelius 
                  Donnovan 
               



            .


                  Cornelius 
                  Donnovan 
               



            . I bought the three pair of grates, and a pair of dogs of 
               
                  Walter 
                  Innes 
               



            , he told me he had some old beds and other things to sell, we took the old grates to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Otway 
               



            's, I believe they were there not half an hour before Mrs. Taylor came and own'd them. I was gone to see the bedding, and a young man came and Mrs. Taylor with him; then she told me the grates and other things were her property, I was to give six shillings for the grates.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Ford 
               



            . I bought the grates, they weigh 110 pounds, I gave a penny a pound for them.
Innes's Defence.
A man came and drank with me the day before, and asked me if I could sell such things for him, I went up to this gentleman, and said a man that had broke up house keeping had such goods to dispose on.
Murphy's Defence.
I was a bed and asleep when Innes brought in these things, Murphy 

               acquitted
            , Innes 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


