





32. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Lockhook 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for that 


               she, about the hour of eleven in the night, on the 17th of November
, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Powel 
                        




                      
                  , spinster
, did break and enter, and stealing 3 brasses belonging to a stow, and one counterpane, the goods of the said Elizabeth
            . +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Powel 
               



            . I live in George-yard, Whitechapel


; I went out on the 17th of November, between twelve and one at noon, and return'd between twelve and one at night, I found my window open, the sash was throwed up.
Q. Was your window-shutter fast when you went out?
E. Powel. No: I had left it open.
Q. Was the sash fasten'd down?
E. Powel. I cannot be positive whether it was or not.
Q. What did you loose?
E. Powel. I lost 3 brasses belonging to a stow, and a counterpane.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
E. Powel. Here is a witness, 
               
                  James
               


             M'Clement, that saw her come out at my window.


                  James 
                  Blacket 
               



            . I am an officer, I was called up in the night to take charge of the prisoner.
Q. Did she confess any thing?
Blacket. I did not hear her confess any thing.


                  John 
                  Tompson 
               



            . Betwixt ten and eleven on the 17th of November at night, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, I searched her and found those 3 brasses upon her, (Produced in court, deposed to by the prosecutrix.) the counterpane was brought in along with her. (Produced, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  James
               


             M'Clement. On Tuesday night, the 17th of November, betwixt 10 and 11 o'clock, I was going along George-yard, Whitechapel; I saw a window open and a sash up, and no light in the room; I call'd out, was any body in the room; there was no answer, but I thought I heard a little noise; I went and knock'd at the door, and the people above look'd out; I ask'd, if the people below were at home, saying, the window was open; then the prisoner jumped out at the window and ran; I kept my eye 'till I catch'd upon her, and when I stopp'd her this counterpane was lying by her feet.
Q. How far did she run before you stopp'd her?

M'Clement. She had ran about forty or fifty yards, then I led her to the Watch-house, and the beadle search'd her, and found these three brasses upon her.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Do you rent the whole house?
Prosecutrix. I do: and let the other parts of it out.
Prisoner's defence. I hope the Court will take it into consideration: I never was in confinement before.
Court. Have any of these witnesses known the prisoner before?
Blacket. I have known her some time, and always took her to be of good character.




               Guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


