






50, 51. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clark 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Wife

                   of 
                     Joseph 
                     Griffiths 
                  
               



            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one large bag, val. 1 d. one violin, value 5 l. one shagareen bag with, 11 knives and twelve forks, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Burney 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Richard
             and the 2d for 


               receiving them, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Oct. 30

, ++


                  Hannah 
                  Humphries 
               



            . I live with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Burney 
               



            , in Hatton-Garden



; the fiddle was in a green bag, hanging up, the knives and forks were in a black shagareen cafe in the back room upon the buroe, Oct. the 30th.
Q. When did you see them there ?
H. Humphries. I did after dinner, and the maid was cleaning the room out and had left the door open; we missed them in the dusk of the evening, we heard of them the Friday following, by Mr. Renald's the constable, they were brought to Mr. Fielding's, he had sent a warrant for Mrs. Griffiths, and she came with the things ; I went there, there was the prisoner Clark; he said the woman had the things, and that he sold them to her for four shillings the same night he stole them. (The fiddle, bag, and shagreen case with ten black handle knives and twelve forks, produc'd in court and deposed to as 
               
                  Richard 
                  Burney 
               



            's property. )
Cross Examined.
Q. What is Mr. Burney ?
H. Humphries. He is a dancing master
.
Q. What is the value of the fiddle ?
H. Humphries. I don't know that.
Q. Did Griffiths say any thing before the Justice ?
H. Humphries. She said she was the unhappy woman that bought the things of Clark. Mr. Fielding asked her whether she asked the man how he came by them; Clarke made answer to that, and said she had no occasion to ask the question, for she knew how they came by them.
Q. Did Griffiths say any thing to that?
H. Humphries. She said there was another concerned; Mr. Fielding ask'd her whether the prisoner look'd likely to deal in fiddles, or whether the other person seem'd more likely; she said they looked much alike
Q. Do you remember the name of Banks, being mentioned ?
H. Humphries. I do.
Q. Did not Mrs. Griffiths say she lent them money on all these things ?
H. Humphries. I remember no such thing.


                  James 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . On the 2d of November, in the evening about nine o'clock, the prisoner John Clark, and others concerned with him ; being pursued as pick-pockets, from the New-Market into the Strand; there he was taken and caried before justice Fielding, when he came to Covent-Garden 
               
                  Roundhouse
               


            , he was asked questions; one was whether he had any other people concerned with him.
Q. What was he charged with there?
Reynolds. He was charged with picking a gentleman's pocket, he answered the question with saying he had, the next morning I asked him if he was concerned in any other robberies; he then mentioned the robberies he had been in; in company with 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hugh 
               



            's, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Banks 
               



            , and 
               
                  Francis 
                  Monk 
               



            : Then he said he was concerned with these three in taking a fiddle in a green bag, and a shagreen case with knives and forks from a peruke-maker's house in Hatten-Garden, out of a back-room; and that there was a bag they left behind them; and that it was on the 30th of October that they sold them all to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Griffiths 
               



             in Turnmill Street for four shillings; and that 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Banks 
               



             was with him when he sold it to her; the next day we went with a search warrant to the house, to search for the things: first of all, Ann Griffiths seem'd timersom about it, when Mr. Fannigin asked after a fiddle in a green bag, and a shagreen case with knives and forks in it; she said she knew nothing of the knives and forks; but she believed there was a violin in a green bag above stairs; the case with the knives and forks in it was found in the cellar ; when we came with her to justice Fielding's, then Clark told her, he and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Banks 
               



             brought the things together, that they sold them to her for four shillings ; and that Banks received the money of her, and it was divided among all four of them.
Q. What did she say to it?
Reynolds. She could not deny it, but said she was very sorry that she was the unhappy woman that bought them.
Q. Did she say what she gave for them?
Reynolds. No, she did not.
Q. What account did Clark give of the taking these ?
Reynolds. He told me he was not in the house; but that Banks, Monk and Hugh's went in; that they took away the things mentioned, and left a bag behind them, and he stood without.
Cross Examined.
Q. Did the prisoner Griffiths, admit that she bought them, or did she say somebody else bought them?
Reynolds. She at first said, the girl, or her husband might buy them.


                  Henry 
                  Flannigin 
               



            . I am a constable, upon the information of Clark ; I had a warrant from justice Fielding, to search the house of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Griffiths 
               



            , in Turnmill Street, for knives and forks and a fiddle, we went there and I asked her whether she had got such things in her house, and told her I must search the house, unless she would produce them in a little time; a little girl said there was a green bag hung up, above stairs; then she said to her go up and fetch it down; I imagin'd the knives and forks might be there too; so I, went up along with her: I found the siddle hanging up in a bag as the girl had said; I came down along with the girl again, and asked 
               
                  Ann 
                  Griffiths 
               



             after the knives and forks, she said he knew nothing about them, in a little time she said we might look in the cellar for them; I went down, and there I found them on the left hand side; these are the same produc'd here; when Clark and she came face to face, Clark said she had given him four shillings for them; she did not deny but she was the unhappy woman that bought them.
Q. Did you hear her say what she gave for them?
Flannigin. No, I did not.
Q. Did she deny Clark's confession before Mr. Fielding, or say she gave more?
Flannigin. No, she neither denied it, or said she gave more.
Cross Examined.
Q. Should you have look'd in this cellar, had she not bid you?
Flannigin. I should.
Q. to H. Humphries. Whose house is it, the Barber's or Mr. Burney's ?

H. Humphries. It is neither.
Q. How many street doors are there to it?
H. Humphries. There is but one.
Q. Who is landlord?
H. Humphries. Mrs. Davis.
Q. Who pays her the rent?
H. Humphries. The barber pays her for his, and Mr. Burney for his, for they have each separate Apartments.
Clark's Defence.
Banks, 
               
                  Francis 
                  Monk 
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hughes 
               



            , went in and took the siddle and case of knives away, and I carried them to this woman (pointing to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Griffiths 
               



             ) and sold them to her for four shillings.
Griffiths. I had no hand in it, Banks brought them to my spouse, upon my honour I did not buy them; I never saw this person that stands here by me.
For 
               
                  Ann 
                  Griffiths 
               



            .


                  Joseph 
                  Banks 
               



            , 
               
                  Francis 
                  Monk 
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hughes 
               



            , met me, and they ask'd me to carry these things to Mrs. Griffiths's for them, which I did; there was her husband at home, and I pledg'd them for four shillings, and I promised to fetch them the next day.
Q. Was Clark there?
Banks. He was not there.
Q. Was Mrs. Griffiths at home?
Banks. No, she was not.
Cross-Examined.
Q. How did you get them?
Banks. They desired me to take a walk with them.
Q. For what?
Banks. Because I knew Mrs. Griffiths.
Q. How long have you known her ?
Banks. Three or four years.
Q. What is your employment?
Banks. I am a plaisterer.
Q. Did you ever pledge any thing with her before ?
Banks. No, never before.
Q. How came she to know you?
Banks. She knew me when I drew beer at the Prince of Orange at the bottom of Saffron-Hill.
Q. Where does she live?
Banks. She lives in Turnmill Street
Q. What business does she carry on?
Banks. She keeps an old iron shop.
Q. How came you to go to an old iron shop to pawn these things?
Banks. Because she knew my mother.
Q. Is she a pawnbroker?
Banks. No, she is not as I know of.
Q. Have you ever known her to take things into pawn?
Banks. I have.
Q. Of whom?
Banks. Of several people; of my mother.
Q. Did you ever pawn any thing to her before or since?
Banks. No, I have not.
Q. Do you know the prisoner, (Clark.)
Banks. No, I don't.
Q. What did you do with the four shillings?
Banks. Hughes and Monk had it.
Q. Where did you meet with them?
Banks. In Holborn.
Q. What is Hughes's employment?
Banks. He is a cabinet-maker.
Q. What is Monk?
Banks. He is a silver-smith.
Q. Whose did they tell you these things you pawned were?
Banks. Hughes told me they were his father's.
Q. Did Monk say they were his ?
Banks. No, he did not.
Q. Who did you give the money to?
Banks. I gave it to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hughes 
               



            .
Q. What did he give you for going?
Banks. He gave me six-pence.
To her Character.


                  Richard 
                  Webb 
               



            . I keep the Coach and Horses in Mutton-Lane, and know the woman at the bar; she is in the ironmonger way, and bears the character of an honest, just woman; I live about 150 yards from her.
Q. Did you ever know any body pawn any thing with her?
Webb. No, I do not.


                  Daniel 
                  Haines 
               



            . I live in Great Russel Street, Bloomsbury, and have known 
               
                  Anne 
                  Griffiths 
               



             about three years or better, but never heard any thing amiss of her.

Margeret Housing. I live upon Clerkenwell Green, and have known the prisoner ever since she has liv'd in our neighbourhood.
Q. How long is that?
Housing. It is about two years; I have been in her house, and some days have not missed an hour in a day, but never saw any such person there to my knowledge.
Q. Does she lend money upon goods?
M. Housing. She does not, except to a friend that wants five or six shillings.
Q. Does her husband take in pawns ?
Housing. No, he does not, to my knowledge.
Q. What is her general character ?
M. Housing. That of an honest woman.


                  Margaret 
                  Wood 
               



            . I have known her 12 years,
Q. What is her general character?
M. Wood. She is a very honest woman.
Q. Did you ever know her to receive any stolen goods, knowing them to have been stolen?
M. Wood. No, I never did.


                  David 
                  Burchel 
               



            . I have known her about three years.
Q. Where do you live?
Burchel. I live in Fleet-Market.
Q. What is her character?
Burchel. A very honest industrious woman.


                  Abraham 
                  Wood 
               



            . I have known her about two years, and believe she would be willing to do any neighbour a kindness ; she has lent me a shilling when I have wanted it without any thing pledged.
Q. Did you ever pawn any thing with her?
Wood. My wife told me she had taken in a glass and China plate to pledge of our's.


                  Hannah 
                  Burchel 
               



            . I have known her some time, she is a very honest woman so far as I know.
Q. Did you ever know she received stolen goods, knowing them to be stolen?
H. Burcel. No, never.
Clark 


               guilty. 39 s.
            

Griffiths 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


