





17. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Mear 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 240 squirrel skins, value 3 l. 150 pieces of squirrel skins, value 20 s. 42 skins called Hudson's Bay martin, value 10 l. and 4 fox skins, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Tobias 
                           Kleinert 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Tobias
            , Nov. 10
. ++


                  Tobias 
                  Kleinert 
               



            . I lost the goods mentioned in the indictment, on the 10th of last month.
Q. Do you know who took them?
Kleinert. I employed the prisoner by the week, as a labourer
; he went away and hired himself to an East-India captain, and he came to me to desire I would give him a character. The day that I missed the Hudson's Bay martins I charged him with taking them, I only missed them at that time. The person that he sold them to came to me and told me of it, and said he had bought more of him. I took the prisoner before Mr. Fielding, and there he confessed he had taken them, and three fox skins more than Mr. Arnold had bought of him.


                  Richard 
                  Bellamy 
               



            . I am a headborough, and took the prisoner into custody; he was carried before Mr. Fielding, where he made a voluntary confession, upon being charged with taking the skins, and begged forgiveness. [The Hudson's Bay martins produced in court.]
Mrs. Arnold. The prisoner at the bar brought these Hudson's Bay martin skins to our house, and said there were a large quantity of them just come from abroad, of different sorts, that these were he had brought on shore, and mine was the first house he had been at. I asked him if he was a furrier. He said no, he was quite a stranger in town, and knew no furriers. I asked him if he knew any journeymen. He said no; and making a very good appearance, I bought them of him.
Q. Where do you live?
Mrs. Arnold. I live at the corner of Cornhill, near to the Mansion house.
Prosecutor. I had 68 martin skins in my shop, and I lost 42, here are 40 in court.
Q. did you lose them all at one time?
Prosecutor. They were taken away at different times.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence, but called his master, the prosecutor, to his character.
Prosecutor. The prisoner had been with me about six weeks and behaved exceeding well; he has worked till the blood spun out of his fingers ends, but was not of the trade; he is a cook, and had hired himself to be a cook to an India captain.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


