





388. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Griffin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving 200 lb weight of indico, value 50 l. 2 lb of cochineal, value 1 l. 8 s. 1 lb of verdigrease, value 1 s. and two leather bags, value 2 s. the goods 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hanson 
                        




                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Clark 
                        




                      
                  , well knowing the same to have been stolen by 
                     
                        Alexander John 
                        Macarty 
                     



, May 26
, who was tried for stealing the same at Kingston assizes, August 19, 1756, found guilty, and transported. ||
John Grace produced the copy of the record of the conviction of 
               
                  Alexander John 
                  Macarty 
               



            , which he deposed he examined with the original at Mr. Knap's office, the clerk of the assize. After which it was read in court.


                  James 
                  Clark 
               



            . 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Macarty 
               



             was servant to Mr. Hanson and myself, as porter and labourer, about two years, till last May. We are dry-salters in the borough of Southwark, and we deal in indico, cochineal, verdigrease, and divers other things. At the time he was first with us, no servant behaved better. I put great confidence in him. We gave him at first no more than nine pounds a year, and raised him to fourteen, besides his board; but he did not lodge with us. We found at last he rob'd us, and we tried him at last Kingston assizes for stealing two hundred pounds weight of indico, some cochineal and verdigrease, and he was convicted for the same. We lost a great deal more cochineal than what we laid in the indictment. We missed about six or seven pounds of cochineal, which had been put into the cellar; upon which he was detected, and he owned that he had taken several large parcels of indico, and other things, since and before last Christmas. I apprehend he had been a year and half with us before he took any thing.
Q. Had you any other evidence against him than his own confession?
Clark. No, none at all.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Clark. He is a victualler
 in Dean-Street, Soho. Macarty having confessed he used to receive what he stole from me, I apprehended him on the 25th or 26th of May. The same day I had Macarty before justice Fielding. The justice ask'd the prisoner, how long he had deal in indico. He answered, I deal in indico I know nothing of it, I never did in my life. I don't know what it is. Being ask'd if he ever bought any of Macarty, he said no, never in my life. - Are you clear in that? - Yes, I am - Upon which Mr. Fielding ordered Macarty to be brought out, and bid him look at the prisoner, and ask'd him if he could charge him with having receiving stoln goods, knowing them to have been stolen. He said, he could. Then the prisoner said, I believe I did buy a trifle, it may be a shilling value. I said, as you are a publican, it does not appear to me that you have a proper notion of this indico and cochineal; if you make a free confession, perhaps the blame may lie somewhere else, if any dyer or blue maker have excited you to buy it. Upon which he said, Gentlemen, I soicit mercy, I certainly did buy goods of this man, and sold them to a blue maker, facing the Boar and Castle, in Oxford-Road.
Q. Did he mention indico ?
Clark. He did. I ask'd him the man's name, and he said, he could not recollect it. Then upon my asking if he had not dealt that way with some other people, he owned he had. I asked him to what amount he might have bought of our servant. He said, about four or five pounds value, and expressed sorrow for having been concerned in such a trade; saying, I am very sorry for what I have done, and hope you'll be merciful; I said, that will be just according as it shall turn out. Macarty charged him as having inticed him to steal it.
Q. Was this in the prisoner's hearing?
Clark. It was.
Q. What did the prisoner say upon that?
Clark. He confessed he had certainly bought the goods for a trifle of him, and had sold them.
Q. Explain the word trifle.
Clark. At two shillings per pound.
Q. What is indico worth per pound ?
Clark. It is worth eight shillings. Macarty said, in his presence, he had allowed him no more than about two shillings per pound; and that he generally bought it by the lump.
Q. At that time did the prisoner deny any part of the accusation?
Clark. No, he did not.
Cross examination.
Q. Did the prisoner mention the time he bought this indico?
Clark. No, he did not.
Q. Did he inform you what sort of indico it was?
Clark. No.
Q. How much did Macarty confess the stealing of?
Clark. Upon the whole, he confessed to the amount of fifty pounds sterling.
Q. Was there any indico produced in court upon his trial?
Clark. No.
Q. Were the bags produced there ?
Clark. Yes.


                  George 
                  Seymore 
               



            . I live in Oxford Road, and am a blue maker. I bought some indico of the prisoner a little before Christmas last, at two or three times.
Q. To the amount of how much ?
Seymore. To the amount of betwixt eleven and twelve pounds.
Q. How came you to deal with him?
Seymore. There was a person came to me, and ask'd me if I dealt in indico; I said, yes. He ask'd me what I told at a time, I said, sometimes an ounce. He went away and came again, and said, his master wanted to speak with me. I went with him to the prisoner's house, the Falcon and Crown in Dean-Street. He ask'd me if I was a blue man. I said yes. Said he. I have got a little indico that will suit you. He brought it, and threw it upon the bench in the tap-room, for it was in a bag; there might be six or seven pounds of it. He ask'd me ten or eleven shillings per pound, and I bought it for seven shillings and six pence per pound. After that I bought another parcel of him at his own house, for the same price. I ask'd him then, where he had it. He said, he had it of a friend, either at Gravesend, or at Portsmouth, from on board a ship. A little while after he came again ( that was the third and last time when I bought but three or four pounds of him, for seven shillings per pound.
Q. Was any body by when you bought indico of him?

Seymore. Sometimes there were four or five people, or more.
Q. Was it by day light?
Seymore. It was, each time.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did he seem to make any secret in selling it?
Seymore. No, none at all.
Jeffery Hinderson. I am a publican, and live in Carnaby-Street, Carnaby-Market. I bought indico of the prisoner, the day after the last general fast.
Q. Did you know him before?
Hinderson. I had seen him, but no acquaintance. One 
               
                  Mark 
                  Gwyn 
               



            , a blue maker, told me, if I'd go and lay some money out with him, we might get something by it. I went with him to the prisoner's house the same day. The prisoner produced three leather bag of indico, fifty pounds weight in all. I bought it all, at five shillings and nine pence per pound, bags and all; but I lost by it, nobody would give me four shillings for it (he produced three of the bags.)
Q. to prosecutor. Look at these bags, do you know them?
Prosecutor. We have no other bags of any body else but 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Crosby 
               



            , for indico and cochineal.
Q. Were there any bags mentioned in Macarty's confession ?
Prosecutor. Yes, they were mentioned at the trial of Macarty, and the bags were produced there.
Hinderson. I attended at the trial with these bags.


                  Thomas 
                  Crosby 
               



            . I am a leather seller, and live in the Borough; I make bags for Mess. Hanson and Clark.
Q. Look at these bags, do you know them?
Crosby. I made these for them.
Q. How do you know that?
Crosby. Because every one I mark with my own hand writing, and here it is on two of them. I never made any such for any body else. I know they are all three my make, and their property; I believe they were made about last November.


                  Barnaby 
                  Gorman 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about five years. I knew 
               
                  Alexander John 
                  Macarty 
               



            : He was a soldier. He did lodge at Griffin's house about two years ago, and I lodged there at the same time. Since he left his lodgings there, he used to come there pretty often, and call for liquor. I have seen him bring parcels, but I don't know what was in them.
Q. Have you had some conversation with Mr. Clark to-day?
Gorman. I have.
Q. Upon your oath, as to the account you gave him, was it true or false?
Gorman. I don't remember it now. I'll tell any thing that is true.
Q. Did the prisoner tell you he had got some cochineal ?
Gorman. He shewed me something, and said so was cochineal; but I don't know whether it was or not.
Q. Did you observe Griffin to take some of it in his mouth, chew it, and spit it out, and shew you the colour of it?
Gorman. Yes. It look'd grey before.
Q. After it was chew'd, how did it look then?
Gorman. It look'd red.
Q. Where did he tell you he got it?
Gorman. He did not tell me where.
Q. Has any body desired you not to tell this since you saw Mr. Clark?
Gorman. No, Sir.
Q. At the time Macarty came backward and forward, did you suspect the parcels were stolen?
Gorman. I did not know whether they were or not.
Q. Did you suspect it at that time?
Gorman. I did not know.
Q. Do you know the meaning of the word suspect ?
Gorman. No.
Q. Do you know the meaning of the word think ?
Gorman. Yes.
Q. Then did you think they were stolen?
Gorman. I did not know what was in the bags.
Q. Will you say you did not think they were stolen?
Gorman. When I saw some things I did imagine it.
Q. For what reason did you imagine they were stolen ?
Gorman. I can't resolve you. I don't know whether they were stolen or not.
Q. Did you or did you not tell Mr. Clark, this morning, the reason you had to suspect they were stolen?
Gorman. I said, because when the goods were brought to the prisoner's house, he hid them immediately in a private place.
Q. Did you ever see blue in the tap-room ?
Gorman. Yes, once I did.

Q. What sort of parcels did Macarty bring home ?
Gorman. They were tied up in a handkerchief.
Q. Did such parcels used to be brought by him pretty often?
Gorman. I do not know how often. I have seen them sometimes.
Council. Ten times?
Gorman. I don't know whether it was ten or five, or more or less.
Q. Did you ever see him deliver them to the prisoner?
Gorman. No, never. He used to go into the kitchen with them.
Q. Did you ever see any brought in a blue bag?
Gorman. No never.
Q. Did he bring them by day or night?
Gorman. He used to bring them in the morning.


                  Ann 
                  Macarty 
               



            . My husband, 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Macarty 
               



            , was convicted in Surry, for stealing indico, and other things, from Mr. Clark.
Q. Had you ever any promise from Mr. Clark, that if you'd give evidence for him, your husband should receive mercy?
A. Macarty. No.
Q. How long have you been married to your husband ?
A. Macarty. Three years in August last.
Q. Where did he work the last two years ?
A. Macarty. With Mess. Hanson and Clark.
Q. When was he quarter'd upon the prisoner at the bar?
A. Macarty. That is about four years ago.
Q. Have you ever gone with messages from him to the prisoner ?
A. Macarty. I have carried indico from my husband to him, as my husband told me.
Q. How was it pack'd up?
A. Macarty. One was in a linen bag put into a basket, and the other in a leather bag. He ordered me to receive no money.
Q. Look at this bag (it was one of the three produced by Henderson.)
A. Macarty. It was like this.
Q. Did you see it open?
A. Macarty. No, I did not.
Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner on these occasions?
A. Macarty. Yes, once he followed me to the door, and bid me tell my husband to spare no time, but get more indico, cochineal, and verdigrease; got them from hell and the devil if he would, he'd buy them, and as far as a hundred pounds would go he'd stand by him.
Q. Did he mention indico?
A. Macarty. He did, and cochineal and verdigrease, both times.
Q. Where did your husband work then?
A. Macarty. At Mess Hanson and Clark's.
Q. Did the prisoner know where your husband work'd?
A. Macarty. Yes.
Q. How do you know that?
A. Macarty. My husband and I too told him; and he has in my hearing bid my husband spare no opportunity, but get what he could.
Q. Did you ever see him give your husband any money?
A. Macarty. No, never.
Q. Have you had any conversation with the prisoner about your giving evidence ?
A. Macarty. I have been in Newgate to see him since he was in trouble; he never said one thing nor another to me, but other people did.
Q. Was he by at the time?
A. Macarty. No.
Cross examination.
Q. How do you now subsist ?
A. Macarty. I am making away and selling my goods, to live upon what they will bring me.
Council for the crown. Was you at Kingston at the time your husband was tried?
A. Macarty. I was.
Council for the crown. Had he council ?
A. Macarty. Yes.
Council for the crown. Who was at the expence of paying the attorney and council ?
A. Macarty. I don't know.
Council for the crown. Who was it that chose your husband should make that defence?
A. Macarty. It was one Malone a milkman, who lives at the prisoner's house.
Q. Did you ever declare that your intention in swearing was for gain?
A. Macarty. No, I never did.
Q. Did not you use to receive money of Mr. Clark?
A. Macarty. No, never; except only to cross the water.
Q. Had you not some conversation with Mr. Clark, that if you would give evidence against the prisoner, he would be as favourable to your husband as possible ?
A. Macarty. No, never in my life.
Q. to Mr. Clark. Did not you support Macarty in prison ?

Clark. He has sent me word that he was in a starving condition, and his wife sick in bed, and I have sent him from time to time half a crown, perhaps to the amount of 4 s. a week.
Q. Was a six-pence of it given to influence any kind of evidence at all, either for or against the prisoner, directly or indirectly?
Clark. No, it was not.
Prisoner's defence.
Macarty was a soldier billeted upon me about 4 or 5 years ago. His wife was my servant, and he married her from my house; they were both very poor. I was very civil to them, having lent them half a guinea or a crown at a time through good nature, and when he could get it he brought it to me again, but sometimes I have been kept out of it a good while. It was in hopes to get some of my own money which I had lent him, that I took some of these things; I did not know what they were I shew'd the goods in an open tap room, upon the table, and sold them publickly. He told me it was a perquisite that was allow'd him.
For the prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Adkerson 
               



            . I heard Mrs. Macarty say, that if the prisoner would allow her handsomely she would not swear against him, but get out of the way.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner?
M. Adkerson. Six or seven years.
Q. What is his general character?
M. Adkerson. It is that of as honest a man as ever I knew in my life.
Cross Examination.
Q. Who did she say this to?
M. Adkerson. To me and another person.
Q. Where do you live?
M. Adkerson. I live just by Macarty, in Stony-Street.
Q. Whether you have seen the prisoner and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Macarty 
               



             together ?
M. Adkerson. Never but twice. She lives overhead at an alehouse, where he call'd, and she was call'd down to him; I heard all that was said.
Q. What business had Griffin to come there to call her down?
M. Adkerson. I know no more than I do of my dying hour.
Q. How long is this ago?
M. Adkerson. I believe it may be two or three months ago.
Mrs. Riley. I know 
               
                  Ann 
                  Macarty 
               



            , but never had any conversation with her since she left Mr. Griffin's house, till about two months ago, when I call'd at Newgate to see Mr. Griffin. She came in, and told him in my hearing, that a woman had brought money from the prosecutor to her husband three or four times. She then pull'd a paper out of her breast, which she said was wrote by the prosecutor; it was a certificate for her liberty all the time of her husband's confinement. When I was going out she follow'd me, and said, Mr. Riley, my master must certainly come down with a sum of money; we want lawyers to plead for my husband, and a trifle will not do. She then snap'd her fingers and said, If he does not, he will have the worst of it. I went back, and told Mr. Griffin what she said, when he snap'd his fingers, and said he would not give her a farthing. She had before that pull'd a paper out of her bosom and laugh'd, and looking at Mr. Griffin said, You know, master, I cannot hurt you, for what my husband sent by me I never saw, nor did I take any money for it. Griffin took up a glass of cyder, and said, That is a sure thing, Nanny.
The prisoner called fourteen persons to his character, who all gave him a very good one.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


