






352, 353. (M.) 
               

                        Carbery 
                        Hasley 
                     



                   , and Margaret
                   his 
                  wife





            , were indicted for 


               stealing one silk purse, val. 1 s. one piece of silver, val. 6 d. and 3 guineas, the goods and money of 
                     

                              Francis 
                              Reisig 
                           



                         , from Catherine
                         the 
                        wife
 of the said Francis



                  , privately from her person
            , April 1
. *
The prosecutrix being a French woman
, and not understanding English, an Interpreter was sworn.


                  Catherine 
                  Reisig 
               



            . On the 1st of April, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I lost my purse out of my pocket, with three new guineas, and a piece of silver belonging to a seal; I observed the two prisoners to be very near me: the man stood before, and the woman sometimes before and sometimes behind, but did not know that they had taken any thing from me, Some time afterwards there was an advertisement in the papers, describing the purse, and the persons that took it, then I applied to Mr. Lediard.
Cross Examin'd.
Q. Where was it you lost your purse?
Reisig. In the passage going into Warwick-street chappel.
Q. Was there a great croud at your going into the chappel?
Reisig. I cannot remember, but don't think there was at that time.
Q. How soon was it that you missed your purse?
Reisig. I did not observe that I had lost it till Monday morning.
Q. Was it lost on Sunday?
Reisig. Yes, between eleven and twelve o'clock.
Q. Did not you go into the chapel that day ?
Reisig. No, I did not go in that Sunday.
Q. What place was you going to when you went into the passage?

Reisig. I was going to the chapel, but it being so full I would not go in.
Q. What became of you after 11 that day?
Reisig. I only call'd into one house, and did not stay there, but went directly home.
Q. Did you ever see your purse or piece of silver since ?
Reisig. No, I never saw it since.
Q. Are you sure you had it when you was at the chapel ?
Reisig. Yes, I had.
Q. Did you see it after you came out of the chapel ?
Reisig. No, I did not feel for it.


                  Joseph Massey 
                  Wright 
               



            . The first of my knowledge of Carbery Hailey, and his wife, was the beginning of March. I continued my acquaintance for some time, before we went to Warwick-street chapel, the 11th of March was the first time I went with her and her husband, we went there, in order for us three, and one 
               
                  Susan 
                  Mason 
               



             and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Perry 
               



            , who are not here, to pick some ladies pockets: from thence we went to St. George Hanover-Square; and on Sunday the 1st of April in the morning, between eleven and twelve o'clock, we went to Warwick-street chapel, and I saw the prisoner 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Hailey 
               



             take the purse out of the prosecutrix's pocket, it was a green silk purse with a brass clasp, there was in it three new guineas, with a socket part of a silver seal with a coat of arms on it, and the shank was broke off. The other prisoner stood facing the lady.
Cross Examin'd.
Q. When was it you gave information of these pick-pockets ?
Wright. When I was detected at Vauxhall.
Q. Did you give it voluntarily, or was you taken up first?
Wright. I was taken up first.
Q. How many did you make information of?
Wright. About seventeen or eighteen.
Q. How can you tell what time of the day it was when this robbery was committed?
Wright. We never used to go there till eleven and finish at twelve, and then away to St. George Hanover-square ?
Q. Did not you yourself, before the justice of peace, while the lady was there, name the time and hour the fact was committed?
Wright. No, I did not.
Q. What became of these things?
Wright. The three guineas was sent down to help one Perry out of Aylesbury goal.
Carbery's defence.
I have nothing to say, I know no more of it than the child unborn.
Margaret's defence.
I never saw Wright before in my life, except when I saw him before the justice in women's cloaths.
For the prisoners.


                  Edmund 
                  Brewer 
               



            . I have known Carbery Haily two years; his general character is that of a very worthy honest man, he and his wife lodged with me six or seven months, and I never heard any ill of him or his wife in all my days.
Mr. Lyons. I am a watch-maker, I have known them six or seven months and never knew any harm of them.


                  Ann 
                  Lyons 
               



            . I have known Carbery Hailey between three or four years, I never knew nothing by him but what he was a very worthy honest endeavouring man to live, I think them both honest people.


                  John 
                  Dailey 
               



            . I have known Carbery Hailey between three and four years; his character is always that of an honest man; he used to sell stockings, rib bons, and such sort of things; I have bought of him, and take him to be very honest, and his wife the same.


                  Thomas 
                  Sheppard 
               



            . I have known Carbery Hailey three or four years, I know his wife; he and she used to sell stockings and such things in the country, his character is a very good one, I never heard any harm of him in my life, and therefore was surprized when he was taken up.


                  Daniel 
                  Daughaltey 
               



            . I have known the prisoners about eight months, they used to sell stockings, handkerchiefs, linnen, &c. and bore very good characters.
Vinefred Shields. I have known Carbery Hailey five or six years, and never knew any thing but what was very honest till this time.
Q. Did you know were he was in April last?
Vinefred Shields. I was with him one day and one night in April last.

Q. What day?
Vinefred Shield. The day we call Patrick's-day.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Brainham 
               



            . I have known the prisoners some years. I never heard any thing of them out what was very good.


                  Thomas 
                  Brainham 
               



            . I have known them very near a twelve month, they always bore very good characters.
Carbery Haily 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately from her person
            ; 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Hailey 
               



            , 

               acquitted
            . But detained, there being other indictments against her.





[Transportation. See summary.]


