





163. (M.) 
               
                  Elisabeth, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Freeman 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing nine pewter plates, value 5 s. one pewter dish, value 1 s. one copper stew-pan, value 1 s. 6 d. two callimanco window-curtains, one copper coffee-pot, one blanket, one check apron, one napkin, one linen apron, three fustian cases for a bed, and eight dimity bed-curtains
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Rachael 
                     Raspins 
                  




                
            , widow
, March 14
.* 
Rachael Raspins. I live in Balsover-street, Oxford-road


; the goods mentioned were taken out of my house.
Q. When?
R. Raspins. I can't tell the time, they were not taken all at once; I missed them from time to time.
Q. When had you them all in your house?
R. Raspins. I had them all at Christmas evening when she came into my house, and from that time to about three weeks before I was missing them.
Q. What was the prisoner at that house?
R. Raspins. She was a chairwoman; and I wanted a person to wait on some lodgers, and I took her in till I could get a servant; when I suspected her about three weeks ago, I was wanting to get a search-warrant to search at a pawnbroker's; the pawnbroker heard of it, he came and owned he had such and such things.
Q. What is his name?
R. Raspins. His name is Stringer. I went to his house; he shewed me the goods; I owned them. The prisoner was gone away, then her husband brought her and delivered her up to me, and I sent for a constable and charged her, and before justice St. Lawrance she confessed she took all the things.


                  Thomas 
                  Stringer 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner used to pledge goods at our house; I suspected she had stolen some of them, so I went to the prosecutrix and told her what she had pledged with me, she came and owned the things mentioned. We took the prisoner before justice St. Lawrance, there she owned she took the things.
Prisoner's defence.
I took the prosecutrix to be a mother to me, and she said to me I might make use of the goods when I wanted them; so I brought them back again. As I wanted money I took and pawned them.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Did you give her the, liberty as she mentions?
Prosecutrix. No, I never did.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


