





421. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Walton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 1 s. 6 d. the money of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Hunter 
                        




                      
                  , privately from the person
             of Mary, wife to the said Richard, July 27
 ++ .


                  Mary 
                  Hunter 
               



            . On the 27th of July I was at my stall, in the Evening about a quarter after nine o'clock the prisoner came and pick'd my pocket of 1 s. 6 d. I catch'd his hand in my pocket, he snatch'd his hand away, and I miss'd the money directly; he ran away, no body followed, he came back the same way in about a quarter of an hour; he jostled up to a gentleman near my stall: I said to my husband, that was the person that had pick'd my pocket of 1 s. 6 d. just before; then my husband took him by the collar, and carried him to Mr. Green the Constable, who searched him and found two handkerchiefs on him; he was carried to the Counter that night, and on the Monday carried before the sitting alderman. He would not confess any thing.


                  Richard 
                  Hunter 
               



            . My wife call'd out to me and said, that man had pick'd her pocket of 1 s. 6 s. which she had just taken. I took him to the constable's. There was no money found upon him when searched. He did not confess any thing.
Thomas Green. I am the constable, I searched the prisoner for money, and found only two or three halfpence in his waistcoat pocket, and two old handkerchiefs in another pocket.
Prisoner's defence.
I am really innocent of the thing.
For the prisoner.


                  Ann 
                  Price 
               



            . I have known the prisoner four years, he work'd for a bricklayer, he lodg'd with me, I never heard any ill of him before this thing.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


