





159. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Macdaniel 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one peruke, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Else 
                        



                      
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Doe 
                        



                      
                  , privately from his person
            , April 10
.


                  William 
                  Doe 
               



            . On Easter evening I went with my master's peruke (Mr. Joseph Else, a surgeon
 in in St. Paul's Church yard) to the maker, to get it dress'd. I had it in my pocket, and going with my son in Cheapside, very near Bread-street end


, I felt something go out of my pocket. I turn'd about and saw the prisoner running with the wig in his hand, I ran and soon overtook him. I laid hold of his coat behind, and before I could take him by the collar he threw the wig from him; my son laid hold on him while I went to take up my wig, when I returned they were both down together, my son was uppermost.


                  John 
                  Doe 
               



            . I was with my father going down Cheapside. I heard my father say he had been rob'd, and saw him run after and take the prisoner. I held him while my father went to take up the wig; the prisoner struggled, which obliged me to let fall a new coat and waistcoat from under my arm, which I never saw since. We secured him. (The wig produced in court.)
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was going along a little in liquor, there were some black guards began to make game on me. I lost my hat and wig two or three times, but got them again; at last I lost them and got hold of this wig instead of my own.


                  William 
                  Doe 
               



            . He had a hat and wig on when he was running from me.
To his Character.


                  James 
                  Hains 
               



            . I am a shoemaker, so is the prisoner. I have known him about a year, I never heard any ill of him before.


                  Mary 
                  Bready 
               



            . I have known him two years, I never heard any thing bad of him before this.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


