





47. (M. 1.) 
               
                  John, otherwise 
Henry Brown


             was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 40 s. two pair of knee-buckles, value 7 s. and three gold rings, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Anne 
                           Griffiths 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in the dwelling-house
             of the said Anne, Dec. 28
. *
Anne Griffiths. On the 28th of December, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop, and said he wanted to buy some silver ware, handkerchiefs, and other goods. I shewed him some silver first; he chose out a pair of shoe and knee-buckles, and desired me to weigh them; I did, and told him what they came to. He said, reach me a piece of chalk that I may put them down, that I may not go beyond my quantity of money. I gave him a pencil, and turned myself about to reach him a slate; he set them down, then he looked out a gold ring, and desired me to weigh it, which I did, and told him the price, and he put that down; then he chose out another large pair of shoe and knee-buckles, and desired me to weigh them, which I did, and told him what they came to, and he put them down; then he chose out two gold rings more, and desired me to weigh them, which I did, and he put them down; then he said he must have some handkerchiefs, and must not go beyond the money he had got to lay out, and pulled out a green purse, it seemed to have money in it, but he pulled, none out, these goods were then lying by me on the compter; by degrees he got the buckles in his hands, and weighed them in his hand, and said, I'll have them weighed all over again for fear of a mistake; I said, to please you I'll do it; then he laid t hem down, and desired me to, weigh another ring, and while I was weighing it he put the three other gold rings on his fingers; I looked at him, he said, I can't say it is right to put them on my hand before I have paid for them, and pulled them off; he wrapped up the buckles, and put the rings in his other hand, and immediately ran out; my children were at the door; I and they pursued him, calling out, Stop thief; I got a terrible fall, and could not proceed very far, but he was taken in Red-lion-street, which is about four or five hundred yards from my house, and the things all found again, except two great shoe-buckles.
Q. What is the value of the goods?
A. Griffiths. They are worth about 4 l. ( Produced in court, the two buckles which were fellows to those missing and were shewn to the jury.) These are the goods he cheapened in my shop.



                  George 
                  Abergan 
               



            . I am a butcher, and live near the prosecutrix; I was busy in my shop on the 28th of December at night, I heard the cry of stop thief. I went out and met the prisoner in the face, he cried stop thief as he ran. I stopped him, and upon his saying he was not the person, I let him go again; then the people came up and told me he was the person, then I went after him and took him, and brought him back and delivered him to the people, it being a busy night I went to my shop and left him
Thomas Freak. On the 28th of December about six o'clock I heard the cry of stop thief; I ran out and met the prisoner, and stood in his way to lay hold on him, but missed him, he ran up Red-lion-street, I followed him, and Mr. Abergan catched hold of him by the wrist, he said, gentlemen, I am not the man, he then let him go, but the people saying he was the man, he and I ran and took him and brought him back.


                  William 
                  Young 
               



            . I was at work in Red-lion-street on the 28th of December between five and six o'clock, I met the prisoner, he called stop thief; I believe forty people or more were after him; I had my horse and carriage; as I came back again, I saw something shine upon the ground, when he had passed I took up five silver buckles, all within half a foot of each other; I was told they belonged to Mrs. Griffiths, and I went and carried them there.
Prosecutrix. These are the same here produced.
Mr. Warburton. On the 28th of December, about six at night, I heard of this robbery, I went to the prosecutrix, she saying she had three children, could not afford to prosecute, and said, if the prisoner would tell her where the other rings were she did not want to prosecute. I went to him and desired him to let me know; he said, if I would go with him into another room he would tell me; then he said he had dropped the three gold rings at such a place; we went with a candle, and they were picked up by different persons, and these are the things the prosecutrix has sworn to.
Prisoner's defence.
I have used the gentlewoman's house many times; I was much in liquor, and did not think of doing her any damage.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


