






289. 290. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Fuller 
                  



                
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing fourteen yards of stuff, called silveret, seventeen yards of printed linen cloth, three yards of lawn, four pieces of Irish cloth, fourteen yards of stuff, called brulio, the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Colwell 
                     



                    privately, in the shop
             of the said Thomas; and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gretricks 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving fourteen yards of stuff called silveret, and six yards of cloth, part of the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            , June 28

.* 
Thomas Colwell. On the twenty-fourth of June, Mr. Goring, an evidence, came to my shop, we both live at Brentford



, with a piece of cloth; and desired me to look at it. It was a piece of three quarters wide, Irish linen; that was or had been mine, it had my mark by my own hand writing upon it. He told me a girl had been at his house, and offered it to sale; I was very busy at that time; but in about ten minutes tune I went, and the girl was gone to find another girl whom she said, saw her pick it up. In a little time I had word where the girl was; I went to her; she told me the person that picked it up was named Fuller, and that she lived with farmer Gretricks; I asked her where Fuller was gone? she said she could not tell. I went home again, and soon after Mr. Goring came with Fuller: I took her into my compting-house, and sent for a constable, and charged him with her; we carried her to Mr. Tuffnail and Mr. Gold, two justices of the peace, who were at a house near mine; but before we carried her there, Mr. King came with a basket, and three pieces of Irish cloth, three quarters wide; which he said was brought to his house by Elisabeth Davis, the other girl, she came also with him. Fuller, before the justices, said she found the single piece which she had offered to sell to Mr. Goring, in the Norwood great field; the other three pieces, she said, she found on a dunghill, at Strand upon the Green, about a mile off, the same day; after that she was committed.
Q. Are you sure you had not sold that piece she offered to Mr. Goring?
Colwell. I am sure I had not sold any such within a week before; I always keep a ready money book to set down every thing I sell.
Q. Did she mean Norwood in Kent ?
Colwell. No; it is Norwood in Middlesex. From the information we had from 
               
                  Elisabeth 
                  Davis 
               



            , we had a good deal of reason to think, that Fuller had taken many things to Farmer 
               
                  Gretricks
               


            's the other prisoner. I got a search warrant, and Mr. Howard the constable and I went to search his house; but neither he or his wife were at home. We searched; I found a printed linen gown made up, which I believe to be mine; it is a particular thing, I have more of the same piece, which I missed on the 17th of May; I believe there were about seventeen yards of it.
Q. Are you sure you did not sell some of that sort to farmer Gretricks?
Colwell. I never heard of his name before. There was an old woman with us the time we searched; she endeavoured to conceal it, by throwing a waistcoat over it, as it lay on a bed. I went a little farther; and in what they may call the best room in a chest of drawers, I found fourteen yards of stuff, called silveret, that I believe was mine; it is of a very particular colour; I had it made up on purpose, this I missed before the 17th of May.
Q. What day did you search?
Colwell. I believe it was the twenty-sixth of June, I went to take Gretricks up; they told me he was within, then his wife told me he was gone out a little way; then she said, she thought he would be at home by 12 o'clock. I then searched again, with the search warrant; the constable being with me upon this second search; I found in the chest of drawers, in the best room, a flower'd lawn apron.
Q. Did you see it when you searched before?
Colwell. No; I did not. I found likewise in the same place, a pattern of four pair of flowered lawn ruffles; made up into an apron. And below stairs, I found one yard of check linen.
Q. Did you miss any of these things before?
Colwell. I missed the flowered lawn apron before; and the apron made of the four ruffles, I know to be mine.

Q. Did you miss the ruffles before?
Colwell. I did about a month ago; I might lose, them long before for what I know; there was some Irish linen unmarked, which I could not say any thing to.
Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner Fuller in your shop?
Colwell. This 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Fuller 
               



             had been two or three times in my shop on the 24th of June. I never knew who she belonged to. I had seen her also going backwards and forwards, but never suspected her. We took the prisoner Gretricks on the 28th of May in his own house. I asked him how these goods came in his house? He said 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Fuller 
               



             informed him, they were given her by an uncle of hers. We carried him before justice Tuffnail; he was examined there, and said the same there as before; and that the girl's uncle, as she said, met her at Brentford, and gave her these things, and acknowledged he knew them to be in his house. I went to Mrs. White, at New-Brentford, a mantua-maker. There she delivered to me a gown, that she had to make up for 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Fuller 
               



            , a silk and incle thing, called brulio.
Q. Whose do you look upon that to be?
Colwell. I believe it to be mine.
Q. Why do you believe so?
Colwell. I did not miss it; but I remember the thing particularly well, and have some of the same in my house.
Q. Are you sure you had not sold that piece you found at the mantua-maker's ?
Colwell. I do not recollect I had sold it to any body. I know I had one gown left which is about fourteen yards; and a piece is two gowns. When Gretricks was before the justice, he had four or five days allowed him to get bail; which not being obtained, he was sent to New-prison. I came part of the way with him; and, in a garden belonging to an alehouse, he wanted to insinuate to me, there was reason to suspect one of my journeymen (his name be could not tell) gave these things to 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Fuller 
               



            . I never had any reason to suspect any of them. I ask'd him how he could imagine such a thing? He said he had heard it somewhere, and that he had mentioned it to the girl in Newgate.
Q. Did Fuller ever pretend she had them of any of your servants ?
Colwell. No; she never did. She told me in Newgate, that one Mrs. Lathan, who is mistress to 
               
                  Elisabeth 
                  Davis 
               



            , had the other part of the printed linen gown.
Q. Did you ever find it?
Colwell. No; I search'd her house for it, but did not find it. I ask'd Mrs. Lathan if she knew any thing about it? She told me farmer Gretricks's wife had a piece.
Cross-examination.
Q. What; was the prisoner at farmer Gretricks's ?
Colwell. I was informed she was apprentice to him, put out by a parish.
Q. Were the things made up for 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Fuller 
               



            ?
Colwell. The gown I found made up, was made for her.
Q. Did the rest of the things appear to be made up for her?
Colwell. I can't tell that; they are here.
Q. When you went to search in farmer Gretricks's house, did you meet with any opposition ?
Colwell. No.
Q. Did not the old woman, you found there, go readily with you into every room?
Colwell. I told her she must go along with us, and not go out of our presence.
Q. Is it a very large house?
Colwell. It is.
Q. Do you know any thing of Mr. Gretricks's going to the justice of the peace, between the time of your searching his house and the time of his being taken up?
Colwell. I know nothing of that; by what Mr. Tuffnail told me, I do not believe he had.


                  William 
                  Goring 
               



            . On Midsummer-day last, 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Fuller 
               



             came to my shop. My wife was backwards. She ask'd me if I would buy a piece of linen cloth? I ask'd her what she ask'd for it? She said 6 d. per yard. I look'd upon it, and thought it worth a pretty deal more. I said 6 d. per yard? Yes, sir, said she, 6 d. per yard, or what you please. Then I imagined it could not be honestly come by. I step'd backwards, and call'd my wife in; she knowing the value of cloth better than I did. We ask'd the prisoner how she came by it? She said she found it in a field coming from Norwood that morning. My wife ask'd her whether she herself found it? She said another young woman was along with her that found it. We ask'd her if she could produce that young woman ? She said, yes: and said she would go and fetch her. She catch'd hold of the cloth, to take it with her. My wife took hold of that, and said, he, that should not go. The girl insisted on carrying it away. I step'd from behind the counter, and said. I'll seize that and you too. Then she said she would leave that, and go and fetch the young woman. When she was gone, as we imagin'd it to have been stolen, I took it, and went to the draper's in the town. The second shop I went to, was the prosecutor's. I ask'd him if he had sold such a piece of cloth that day. He look'd upon the mark, and said he could take his oath, it was his property; but said he knew nothing of the selling it. Then I said, come along with me, or send a journeyman, and I'll produce the person that offered it to sale. I should have mention'd; as I was going with the cloth to the prosecutor's, I met 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Fuller 
               



             with a little girl. She said, where are you going with the cloth? I said, step down to my house, I am going a little farther; I will be back presently. Mr. Calwell sent one of his servants with me to see for the girl; my wife said she had not been there; we went to look for her. The journeyman saw a little girl; he said, that girl I have seen at our shop often; we went to her, and took her in Mr. King's shop, a grocer. He went to his master, who came and took care of her; and she cry'd bitterly, and said she knew nothing of the cloth. He ask'd that girl the person's name that had been with her; she said her name was 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Fuller 
               



            , and told us where she liv'd. Then we went to see for her. I took the girl with me, and went one way, and he another. I met 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Fuller 
               



             in the street. Said she, what do you want with me, sir? I found the piece of cloth down there, ( pointing to the ground,) under the Rose and crown gateway; and this is the girl that saw me pick it up. I said, go along with me, and if you prove that you found it, no hurt can come to you. She said she would go; and went along with me to Mr. Colwell's. There I saw Mr. King the grocer bring in a basket some cloth.
Q. from Fuller. Did not that little girl say she saw me pick it up?
Colwell. No; the girl cry'd and made no answer.


                  Thomas 
                  King 
               



            . I am a grocer and cheesemonger in Brentford. On June the 24th. the prisoner Fuller came into my shop, as she usually did, on market-days, and bought some tea and sugar. She went out and staid some time, then returned again pretty heavy loaded; which load consisted of linen tied up in an apron in a basket. Mr. Goring and Mr. Colwell's journeyman coming down the town, look'd into my shop, and said they believed that was one of them. There was the other girl; they ask'd her where her companion was? She said she did not know. Fuller was then gone out again. Then Mr. Colwell came, and ask'd the girl some questions, and took her home to his house; the basket was standing under a bench within-side my shop, with one piece of linen in it, and two pieces more tied up in an apron. I observing the cloth, took it to Mr. Colwell's, to know if he knew any thing of it. The journeyman said he sold one piece that day to the girl; the other two pieces Mr. Colwell swore to before the justice, as his property. I heard Fuller say in Newgate, that Mrs. Lathan was the person that led her into all this.
Q. to prosecutor. What cloth had she bought that day?
Prosecutor. She had bought two yards of check.


                  Anne 
                  White 
               



            . I am a mantua-maker. My mother and I made the prisoner Fuller three gowns; one was made two or three months ago; one she brought to be made on Whitsun-monday; the other two she brought before.
Q. How long before?
White. May-be a month before. The first she brought was a white corded dimitty; the next a brown brulio; the next a flower'd linen. She told her she had a cousin that dealt in that way, that made her presents of these things.
Q to prosecutor. Had you lost any of these mention'd goods?
Prosecutor. The white corded dimitty gown I know I had lost.
Cross-examination.
Q. Have you seen the printed gown found in Gretricks's house? Who was that made up for ?
White. It was made up for the girl at the bar.


                  Richard 
                  Howard 
               



            . I am constable. On the 24th of June, Mr. Colwell sent for me; I went to his house; he charged me with the prisoner Fuller, and said she had robbed him. I took her to my house, and from thence to a public-house. We judged by the prisoner's being so young, somebody might be concerned with her; Mr. Colwell took her before the sitting justices, at the Red-lion at Brentford. He apply'd for a search-warrant, to search Gretricks's and Lathan's houses. We found nothing in the house of Lathan, that he could sware to. Then we went and searched the house of Gretricks. There was an old woman; she very readily let us search every room; we found these things the prosecutor has mentioned. They were delivered into my custody; after that, I had a warrant to apprehend Gretricks. We went to his house; there they differ'd in their stories, in regard to his being at home. His wife, at last, sent for him, to tell him, there was Mr. Colwell, and a constable to take him up; he came home, and we took him. He said, he was very ready to go with us any where. He was committed for want of bail. We went with him; he said, going along, he was of opinion, there was other people concerned with the girl.
Cross-examination.
Q. What does the farmer rent a year?
Howard. I can't tell; he keeps a team of five or six horses.
Q. Did you meet with any opposition, when you searched?
Howard. I can't quite say we met with none.
Q. Might not Gretricks have had an opportunity to have gone away, if he wo uld?
Howard. He might, very likely.


                  Elisabeth 
                  Lathan 
               



            . I was at the prisoner Gretricks's about a fortnight before Fuller was taken up. I saw a piece to make a gown; it was a mixt thing, and a linen chints gown; there was one of the same sort this girl brought, and gave to her mistress; and said a cousin of hers had given it her.
Q. Was the prisoner Gretricks by at the time ?
Howard. No, he was not.
Fuller's defence.
I went to market last Friday was sen'night to buy some sugar and tea; I left them at the Crown, and went to carry a letter. And just as I came to the gate-way, I found a piece of cloth; I took it up, and then I saw three more; so I put them in my lap. I went to the man's house, and felt in my pocket, and found then I had left the letter in my hall-window. Then I returned to the grocer's shop, and gave Bet. Davis the two pieces. She put the pieces in her lap, and tied them up in her apron, and put them under the bench, while I bought a yard of cloth. Then I went out again to buy a six-penny handkerchief; and returning the people took me.
Gretrick's defence.
This girl Fuller lived with me five years. I thought her very honest, and would have trusted her with untold gold. I know nothing of these, things being concealed in my house.
To his character.


                  William 
                  Keath 
               



            . I am a clergyman at Norwood, I have known Gretricks ever since I came to that place, which is about ten years. He rents about a hundred a year; I lived in the house with him about five or six years; I never saw any thing of dishonesty by him.
Q. What is his general character?
Keath. I think him an honest man.
Q. What is his character amongst the neighbourhood?
Keath. Some speak well of him, and some ill.
Q. Does he come to church?
Keath. Yes he does.


                  Daniel 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I have known Gretricks about fourteen or fifteen years, I never heard any ill thing of his character. I took him to be a very honest man.
Fuller 


               guilty of stealing, but not in the shop
            .
Gretricks 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


