





157. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               that she in a certain field, or open place, near the King's Highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Rowlington 
                        




                      
                  , spinster
, did make an assault, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and stealing from her person one pair of silver buckles, value 4 s. her property
            , March 29
.


                  Thomas 
                  Perkins 
               



            . I saw the prisoner come along with a child on the 29th of March; I thought the child did not belong to her. I followed them to the Long-field, Southampton-Row. She went to Tottenham Court


. I followed her thither, where she had the child in a ditch. I was within about twenty or thirty yards of her at the time. I had observed that the child had buckles on, but after that, the flaps of her shoes hung about, and the buckles were gone. I said to her, has the child no buckles? She said, no; then I followed them to Gray's-Inn-Lane, near where the child lived. When they came to Liquorpond-Street she said to the child, '' Stay here a little time and I'll bring you '' your buckles again presently.'' There was Mr. Page. I said to him, this person has stole the child's buckles, and desired he'd fetch her back again.
Q. Where did the child live?
Perkins. It liv'd in Gray's-Inn-Lane. Mr. Page brought her back again. She was charged with taking the buckles, but she denied it at first. Then she desired to go into a private room with Mr. Page, and I saw him come out, and he had the buckles in his hand.
Q. What time of the day was this ?
Perkins. It was between ten and eleven in the forenoon.


                  John 
                  Page 
               



            . On the 29th of March, about 11 o'clock, I saw the last evidence and the prisoner with a little child in her hand. I heard her say to the child, if you'll stay here a little I'll come to you again presently. Perkins told me the woman that was gone away had rob'd the child of her buckles. I ask'd the child if she knew that woman, she said no. I ask'd her if she had got her buckles, she said yes. I went and brought the prisoner back, when the mother of the child was there, we took the prisoner into a house, she desired to speak with me alone. I went into a room with her, then she turn'd down her stockings, and took a silver buckle from out of each stocking, (produced in court.)


                  Joseph 
                  Rowlington 
               



            . That child 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Rowlington 
               



             is my daughter, the buckles belong to the child, I bought them.
Prisoner's Defence.
A woman that I lodg'd with gave me the buckles, and said they were her child's buckles, and desir'd I'd go and pawn them for two shillings, and bring the money to her; a woman bid me take that child to school, I never touch'd the child.



Acquitted of the robbery.
Guilty of stealing.





[Transportation. See summary.]


