





204. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Worster 
                   otherwise 
Worcester




             was indicted for 


               stealing one guinea
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     More 
                  




                
            , April 30
. 
William More. On the 30th of April last I lost a guinea and a shilling out of my box, upon inquiry I found the prisoner had changed a guinea in Hedge-lane. I went to the woman named Nugent, she said it was a little man that brought it and she should know him again. I took up the prisoner having a suspicion of him, and he confessed that he took the guinea out of my box.


                  Eleanor 
                  Nugent 
               



            . Two men came into my house and had some beer, they asked me to change a guinea, I changed it, the day following the prosecutor and another man came and asked me if I had changed a guinea the day before, I said I had, and shewed them seven guineas all I had, they took one and said that was it, and gave me another for it. I can't say the prisoner was one of them.


                  Thomas 
                  Woodward 
               



            . I am constable, I heard the prisoner confess the taking the guinea after I had him in custody.
Prisoner's defence.
I was awaked out of my sleep and charged with this robbery, and know not what answer I made.
Woodward. I did awake him out of his sleep, he sat up in his bed and gave an account of taking five guineas at four times, he made no scruple in telling it.
For the prisoner.


                  William 
                  Burch 
               



            . The prisoner came to me one day in March, it was of a Tuesday about the beginning of the month and borrowed two guineas of me saying he was going to Bath with a gentleman; he always paid me; I have lent him money several times before, I have known him from an infant, I never knew any ill of him, he was always very honest.
Q. Is he related to you?
Burch. No, not at all.


                  William 
                  Padmore 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was a child, I never heard he was guilty of any such thing in all my life.


                  Thomas 
                  Hubbard 
               



            . I have known him from a child; I never heard any ill of him in my life.


                  Thomas 
                  Pierce 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from his cradle.
Q. What is his general character?
Pierce. I never heard but what he always behaved well.


                  Charles 
                  Dobson 
               



            . I have known him from a little boy, I never heard any ill of him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


