





425. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Verity 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver quart mug, val. 7 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Mixter 
                        




                      
                   in the dwelling house
             of the said Peter. Aug. 10
*.


                  Peter 
                  Mixter 
               



            . I live at the Green Dragon, Fleet-street


, a publick house. The prisoner came and called for a pint of beer on the 10th of August, about three in the afternoon. He staid in the kitchen till near eight. Then I lost him and the tankard. About twenty minutes after he came in again, and called for a pint of beer. He was alone, and I asked him after my tankard, saying, he was the last person that had drank out of it, and it was lost. He denied it, but I sent for a constable and took him up on suspicion. He was carried to the Compter; the next day two or three people came and offered me my tankard again, begging of me not to prosecute. I said I did not know what to say to that. They brought the tankard with them, it was brought by 
               
                  Richard 
                  Griffith 
               



            . Produced in court, and deposed to.


                  Richard 
                  Griffith 
               



            . I brought this silver mug to the prosecutor, having found it by the instructions of Mr. Lock. He said, it was under his bed, and desired me to fetch it, which I did. I never had any acquaintance with Mr. Mixter, or the prisoner either.
Mr. Lock. On the 11th of August I received two letters from the prisoner at the bar to come to him in the Compter, which I did, and Mr. Griffith went with me. The prisoner there said, he was very sorry for what he had done. He told me he had put Mr. Mixter, tankard under his bed, (he lodged in my house; he desired go and carry it to Mr. Mixter, I went Mr. Griffith for and we went to the prosecutor with it, and talk'd with him about it. He charged us with being privy to the talking it, and I was put into the Compter, and lay there two nights.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was at the prosecutor's house, and had a tankard of beer and a toast in it. I asked him to drink with me; we had another pint brought, and put into the tankard, and after that another, which we drank out of a pewter pint mug. Then there came in a young man to enquire for a person, which, I believe was there. I asked him to drink, he said, yes. In about half an hour after I shook hands with the prosecutor, and said, God bless you; he said, will you call again another time? I said, when I come that way I will. The young man went away with me; he is at present waiter at the Queen's Hand, in the Old Bailey, he went into the, and I into Mr. Lock, where I lodg'd; going in, a gentleman called, Hip. Mr. Verity, it was one Mr. More: he said, he should be obliged to me if I would take a tankard and keep it for him till eleven o'clock, then being it to him at the Horshoe and Magpie, in Clare-Market, saying, he was going farther, so I took it and carried it up to my lodging room. After that I went to go to the other end of the town; I called at the prosecutor, and he took me up on suspicion of stealing a tankard.
To his Character.
Mr. Walker. I have known the prisoner near four years, he lived servant with me nine months, about three years ago; I then look'd upon him to be a very honest man, he collected many thousands of pounds for me, and behav'd honest to me while I was absent.
Mr. Walker. I am brother to the other witness, I knew him when he was his servant, then he behav'd well; I have known him since, and never heard any ill of him.
Mr. Cope. I have known him about a year; I was a near neighbour to him when he kept a publick house near Smithfield, by all appearance to me he then had a good character, he seem'd to behave very well.
Mr. Bozley. I have known him two years, he rented a house of me in Clothfair, and paid me very honestly; he bore a good character then.
Mr. Hewlet. I have known him between three and four years; he behaved very honestly. I trusted him in my house when I went into the country, and found every thing safe when I came back.
Mr. Bell. I have known him two years, during which time he had a good character.


                  Robert 
                  Lucas 
               



            . I am a letter carrier. I had a foreign letter directed to 
               
                  John 
                  Verity 
               



            , at the Rose Coffee-house, in the Old Bailey. I carried it there, and he being in the Compter. I wrote upon it where it was to be carried (he is shew'd a letter ) this is it.
It was read to this purport.
Boulogne, Aug. 17, 1754.
SIR,
I am very sorry that I should be the cause of bringing you under misfortune on my account, in giving you a tankard to bring me the next day. I take this opportunity of giving you a line, certifying to whom it may concern, that I 
               
                  Thomas 
                  More 
               



             was the man that took the tankard from the Green-Dragon, Fleetstreet, and you are innocent of it, &c. &c.
Signed
Your affectionate Servant. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  More 
               



            .




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


