





202. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bricklebank 
                  , otherwise 
Quin




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one dozen of silk handkerchiefs, value 39 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Simon 
                           Havenham 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said Simon
            , April 18
. +


                  James 
                  Risby 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Havenham, a linnen-draper
 in Cheapside


; on the 18th of April, the prisoner and another woman came into our shop together, and asked to see a silk handkerchief. I shew'd her some: after we had agreed for one, she made a frivolous excuse to go out, and asked for a bit of foul paper. I missing a parcel of handkerchiefs, went out after her, and took her with the handkerchiefs mentioned in the indictment upon her, (produced in court, and deposed to as his master's property) here are our private mark upon them. She left a half guinea on the counter to be changed, and the other woman was to have taken the change, but upon my going out after the prisoner, that other woman made off.
Cross examination.
Q. Had she cheapened a handkerchief?
Risby. She had.
Q. Did she also leave a bundle on the counter?
Risby. There was a bundle left.
Q. Did you look into that bundle?
Risby. No, I did not, the constable did, but he has business else-where, and is not here. There was some dirty shirts in it.
Q. Was there not a child with her?
Risby. She had one in her arms.
Q. Might not that piece of handkerchiefs be taken up by mistake with the child?
Risby. No, because she begged I would not hang her, and said it was the first time that ever she was guilty of such a thing.
Q. What is the value of the shirts she left?
Risby. I know not the value of them, they were old and of little value.


                  John 
                  Eltoft 
               



            . 
               
                  James 
                  Risby 
               



             brought the prisoner into my master's shop; his name is Johnson, who lives just by him. He desired I would take notice of what was in her apron; I saw him take out of it a dozen of silk handkerchiefs. He desired me to fetch a constable; I did, she fell on her knees, and desir'd he would not prosecute her for the sake of her children; after that she was taken before my Lord-Mayor.
Prisoner's defence.
I went into that shop to buy a silk handkerchief; I bargained for one for 3 s. 6 d. I had my child in my arms; I laid it on the counter to give it the breast; laid down half a guinea; I found my child had fouled itself; I swept its things up together, and went out to clean it; he came and taped me on my shoulder, and said I had got something of his; I said if I had, it was more than I knew, if I had had a Mind to have defrauded him, I should not have left the half guinea; I intended as soon as I had cleaned my child to return again for my change; my shirts that I had left there, were worth about 30 s. at 3 s. 6 d. each. I am downright innocent before God and the world; I had no woman with me in the shop.
Q. to Risby. How many shirts where there in her bundle?
Risby. I do not know, the woman that came in with the prisoner, was to have taken the change of the half guinea, and was to take care of the shirts, but upon my going out after the prisoner, she went off immediately.
Q. Who brought in the bundle?

Risby. The other woman did, and laid it down on the counter, and they talked together, but what they said I do not recollect. That woman also put her hand upon the half guinea and said to me give me the change because I am in a hurry.
For the prisoner.


                  Rachael 
                  Martin 
               



            . The prisoner deals at our shop, she lives in the neighbourhood.
Q. What is her business?


                  Rachael 
                  Martin 
               



            . She buys and sells things in Rag-fair.
Q. How long have you known her.


                  Rachael 
                  Martin 
               



            . I have known her about nine months.
Q. What is her general character?


                  Rachael 
                  Martin 
               



            . I never heard a bad one of her.
Q. Is she a housekeeper or a lodger?


                  Rachael 
                  Martin 
               



            . She is a lodger.


                  Eleanor 
                  Murdick 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about nine months, she lives in Wilson's-court, White's-yard, in Rosemary-lane, and gets her livelihood by buying and selling linen in Rag-fair.
Q. What is her general character?
E. Murdick. I never knew any harm of her in my life.
For the prosecution.


                  Sarah 
                  Bricklebank 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about a year, she has kept my husband company four years.
Court. You must not mention any particular instance. What is her general character?
S. Bricklebank. I never heard a good one of her, she gets her bread by shop-lifting and bringing up her children to the same.
Prisoner. This is spite, this evidence keeps company with my husband.
S. Bricklebank. Here is my certificate of my marriage.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


