





384. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Lowman 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of marble ships, value 6 s. one pair of marble noses, value 3 s. and one marble slab, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Perkins 
                  




                
            , widow
, October 1
. ||
Mary Perkins. The beginning of last week my man came and told me he had found out my marble that I had been rob'd of.
Q. What are you ?
M. Perkins. I am a mason
, and live in Goswel-Street


.
Q. How long had the marble been lost ?
M. Perkins. About two months ago; two slips, two nosings, and a slab, which is part of a chimney piece. He told me Mr. Allen, of Islington, had bought them of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Was the prisoner your servant ?
M. Perkins. No; he had work'd with us about fourteen or fifteen years ago, and he used to come about our store yard; I never liked him. I order'd my man to go to Islington to see it, as he was the person that cut it all out, which he did, and swore it to be mine.
Q. Was you before the justice with the prisoner?
M. Perkins. I was, before justice Chamberlane, where he own'd the taking them to me, and said, he hoped I would be merciful to him.
Q. Do you know the marble?
M. Perkins. To the best of my knowledge I can swear to it to be my property.
Prisoner. As for the slips I took them, but the slab I did not; I had that by me four years ago.


                  John 
                  Insel 
               



            . A man came into my mistress's yard in Wood's-Close, and told us of this marble. I was sent by my mistress to Islington to see it, and I can swear to it as her property. I cut it out myself, and was present before the justice, where the prisoner confessed, in my hearing, that he stole it, and also in going along he own'd that he stole it.
Q. Where was it ?
Insel. The prisoner had sold it to one Mr. Allen at Islington. ( Produced in court.) This is the very same, my mistress's property.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


