






188, 189. (L.) 
               
                  Ann 
                  Saunders 
               



spinster
, and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Thurston 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the first, for 


               stealing one blanket, value 6 d. one petticoat, value 6 d. five pair of womens shoes, value 12 d. one camblet cloak, value 6 d. one pair of stays, value 3 d. and one linnen shirt
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Imeson 
                  



                
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; April 27

.*
John Imeson. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Saunders 
               



             was my servant
; she took several things, my property, out of my house; besides what is laid in the indictment.
Q. How do you know that ?
Imeson. She has confessed it, and own'd every thing that was done; and we found some of the things according to her directions.
Q. When were the prisoners taken up?
Imeson. We took them up on the twenty-seventh of last month; Thurston was a neighbour; she liv'd about twenty yards from my house, in a little alley; Saunders own'd she had given shoes and other things to Thurston; we search'd her house; there I found a blanket on her bed, a petticoat of my wife's, and part of my wife's cloak, which the prisoner had cut up; I found a pair of shoes also on her feet; (produc'd in Court, and depos'd to) I found also two pair of shoes at a pawn-broker's, (name Masters) one a pair of everlasting, the other girls pumps; and a pair of stays, and one shirt. Produc'd in Court, and depos'd to.
Q. What are you?
Imeson. I am a shoe-maker
: I found also two pair more of shoes at another pawn-broker's. (name Ripley) Produc'd and depos'd to.


                  William 
                  Masters 
               



            . (he looks at two pair of shoes, the stays, and shirt) These were pawn'd to me by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thurston 
               



            .


                  John 
                  Ripley 
               



            . Mrs Thurston's daughter brought two pair of shoes to me, one on the seventeenth of April, the other on the nineteenth.


                  John 
                  Twycross 
               



            . I am constable: I went with Mr Imeson, with a search-warrant, to search Thurston's house; we found a blanket, a petticoat, a cloak cut to pieces, and a pair of shoes on her feet; and the other things we had from the pawn-brokers, which are here produc'd; she said she had the shoes from out of the country; from her brother in the country.


                  William 
                  Cheltenham 
               



            . I had us'd to see the prisoner Saunders go backwards and forwards from her master's house, to the house of the other prisoner; may be, four or five times in an hour, in a morning; with something in her apron; I mistrusted she had no good design; I told it to a neighbour, and he to the prosecutor, upon which it came out.


                  John 
                  Furnish 
               



            . The last witness having some suspicion of Saunders, told me of it. I told the prosecutor, and he tax'd the prisoner Saunders; after which, he sent for me. There was Saunders crying; I heard her confess she had taken a great many pairs of shoes, besides other things, her master's property; and that she had gave some of them to the other prisoner.


                  Joshua 
                  Perkins 
               



            . After this discovery was made; I was with the prosecutor, and others, when Thurston was taken up; I saw a pair of shoes on her feet, which the prosecutor own'd; the blanket and other things found.
Saunders's Defence.
I did confess it.
Thurston's Defence.
Saunders came to my house, and ask'd me if I would buy a pair of shoes; I bought them of her for half a crown; then she desir'd me to pawn some for her; and said her father was a shoe-maker, and her mother lay-in and was in great distress; I did not know where she lived; she brought the petticoat and blanket, and said she brought them from the country, and desir'd I would let them be at my house.
For Thurston.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Ashley 
               



            . 
               
                  Ann 
                  Saunders 
               



             came in one morning, and said, she had got some more shoes come from her father; and desir'd Thurston to pawn them for her, but not to sell them.
Q. When was this?
Ashley. This was about four days before they were taken up; but I never saw any shoes.


                  Richard 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I have known Thurston better than eight years; I never heard any thing bad of her, and always took her to be an honest woman.
Isabella Chickley. I live in Bridewell Precinct; I have known her some years; I never knew her guilty of any ill; I fear she is drawn away by this false girl.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Darling 
               



            . I have known Thurston about eight years; I have trusted her, and she has paid me honestly; she has sat up and work'd two or three nights in a week to get her bread.
Q. How do you know that? What was her business?
Darling. She us'd to scrape lint for the army; she bought the rags of me; she has told me she has work'd all night; and I have known by the quantity of work she has done, it must be so.


                  Jane 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I have known her betwixt seven and eight years; she is a very sober person, to the best of my knowledge.


                  John 
                  Edwards 
               



            . I have known her upwards of eight years; she has been always honest; I never knew her to wrong any body.


                  Sarah 
                  Edwards 
               



            . I have known her thirteen years; she always had a just character; one that endeavoured to get her bread honestly.


                  Thomas 
                  Tompkins 
               



            . I have known her about eight years, or upwards; I never knew nothing of her but what was honest.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


