





111. (M) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Room 
                  



               
            , was indicted for that 


               he, with a certain offensive weapon called a razor, on 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Dennis 
                        



                      
                   did make an attempt with an intent the money of one 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dennis 
                        



                      
                   to steal
            , November 18
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Dennis 
               



            . I was 13 years of age
 last Dec. I carry out news-papers for my father
. I had delivered a wrong paper in Hornsey-lane; I met the prisoner; after that he asked me to go down with him to Crouch-End, that leads down to Hornsey; I went with him, as I knew him I did not think any harm. At Crouch-End he shaved a gentleman (he is a barber
) I staid at a gate belonging to a field till he had done; he came to me; then he went into an alehouse with two or three more, two of them were bricklayers, who had mortar and stuff; I still staid at the gate; he came out, so he and I went cross the fields, which come out to Holloway


. We got over a hedge, and then he said it was money he wanted, and money he must have; I told him money he could not, nor should have of me; I went to get over the hedge to escape him, and he pulled me down by the skirt of my coat; then he suffered me to go on again, so I got over the hedge and went a good way along the field; he jumped over the hedge and came after me, and said I should come his way; I went his way, and then he came to the other hedge and said again, money he wanted, and money he must have. I gave him the same answer again, and said, as sure as I had it under my arm I'd carry it home to my father; then he came to the Haycock in Devils-lane, and said it was money he wanted and money he must have; I answered the same as before; then he pulled his razor out of his pocket, and put the handle of it to the back part of my neck, then he put the back part of it to the back part of my neck; I thought he had cut me; so I put my hand to feel; then he took me by the chin, and drew the edge of the razor along my throat, and said, we cut them so at our house when we shave them; then I ran to the gate just by the Haycock (I bled much) and he ran after me; I went to hollow out to a man or woman which I saw, I know not which, in a field where were two horses, but nobody came to me; then he put his thumb on one side my mouth and finger on the other, to prevent my calling out; then he laid me on the back of the haycock, and pulled hay out of the haycock, and covered me over and bid me lie there till he came back from Holloway, and he'd go and borrow me a crown or six shillings, and bid me say it was somebody else; I told him I would for fear he should do any thing else to me; then he went away. A little while after I heard some drovers coming along; so I got up and told them; then they went after the prisoner and took him. I was not along with them; I was sent to the hospital with my wound.
Q. How do you know they took him?
Dennis. Because when Dr. Coleman was going to sew my wound up he shewed a large scar on his throat; the people came and said he was taken. I carried my money home, which was 7 s. 8 d. farthing.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was out of my senses at that time, I don't know what I did.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


