





45. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Armstrong 
                  



               
            , Spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing ten table spoons value 30 s. six tea spoons, one pair of covered shoes, and one game handkerchief
            , the goods of 
               
                  Decima 
                  Davis 
               




             , Spinster
, October 25
. ||
Decima Davis. I live in Sir 
               
                  James 
                  Dashwood 
               



            's family; we were out of town, and these spoons of mine mentioned in the indictment, were left in a chest of drawers, they were all in a paper rolled up together; the shoes mentioned were in one of the drawers, I cannot say whether it was the same drawer.
Q. When did you go out of town?
Decima Davis. I went out in May and returned in October. I left the drawers locked when I went out, and found them so when I came home. Upon missing a petticoat, in searching about I missed several other things, and amongst them the spoons, a pair of shoes, and a gauze handkerchief.
Q. Whose drawers were the spoons in?
Decima Davis. They were in Sir James's drawers, but I had the use of them. The spoons produced in court and deposed to.
Mrs. Stonehouse. The prisoner lived in the capacity of a house-maid
 to Mr. Searle, who lived in Sir 
               
                  James 
                  Dashwood 
               



            's house: The spoons mentioned were missing; and the prisoner had not been strictly honest; we suspected her, so she was the first we searched; I took out of her pocket the spoons here produced, and then went and searched her box, and found a pair of satin shoes and a gauze handkerchief, the property of the prosecutrix.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took the spoons out of the drawer to look at them out of curiosity; but hearing people in the next room, surprized me, and I was obliged to put them in my pocket; as to the shoes and handkerchief I know nothing about them.
To her Character.
My Lady Boyer. The prisoner lived a year with me, during that time she behaved very soberly and honestly, at that time I thought her a good servant.


                  Mary 
                  Dandridge 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about five years and a half, she always bore an exceeding good character of an honest young woman.


                  Benjamin 
                  Sherwood 
               



            . I have known her between seven and eight years, and during that time she bore an extreme good character.


                  Herbert 
                  Jefferys 
               



            . I have known her eight years, she always bore a very good character of an industrious honest girl; I never knew any ill of her before this.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


