





462. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taplin 
                  , otherwise 
Tapling




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one mettle watch, val. 40 s. 20 guineas, and one half-guinea, and 5 s. in money numbered, the goods and money of 
                     
                        Philip 
                        Hall 
                     




                   , Esq
; in the dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  James 
                  Hutton 
               



            , Sept. 14. 
*.
Philip Hall. On the 14th of Sept. I lay at the Bull and Gate Inn, Holbourn


; I had 22 l. when I went to bed, in guineas and silver; there were 20 guineas and a half in gold and a mettle watch. When I arose in the morning, my breeches were missing, which I had hung upon a chair; after diligent search they were found in another room, opposite mine; in searching them there was no money at all, and the watch was gone, which I had wound up at going to bed, and laid in the chair.
Q. Did you fasten the door?
Hall. N o, I did not.
Q. Did any body come into the room after you were in bed?
Hall. The Chamberlain did to take my candle away. I gave direction for advertising the money and watch in the Daily Advertiser, a day or two after, the purport of which was to apprehend the person that did it, and a reward for so doing.
Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner at the bar?
Hall. I never saw him before I saw him under examination before justice St. Lawrence.
Q. Did he confess any thing?
Hall. He made no sort of confession; he absolutely denied the fact.
Question from the Prisoner. What time did you go to bed?
Hall. About 11, or 5 or 10 minutes after.
Question from the prisoner. Had you a candle or lamp burning in your room?
Hall. I had a candle a little time, till the chamberlain fetched it away.
Question from the Prisoner. Did any body come to bring you water, or white wine whey?

Hall. No.
Question from the Prisoner. Was you awake when the chamberlain came for your candle ?
Hall. I was.
Question from the Prisoner. Do you remember his coming in a second time ?
Hall. No. I do not.
Question from the Prisoner. Are you sure he shut the door after him?
Hall. I think he did.
Question from the Prisoner. I think you say in the advertisement you have lost a pinchbeck watch ?
Hall. It is so.
Prisoner. The watch I had was a gold out-side case, and pinchbeck gilt within. The watch produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.
Thomas Hill. I am a watchmaker; I remember particularly well I made this watch, and remember selling it to Mr. Hall.
Q. When did you sell it him?
Hill. About this time 12 months, about the 28th or 29th of this month.
Q. Are you sure this is the watch?
Hill. I am positive of it.
Q. Is it gold or mettle?
Hill. It is mettle; I sold it for such.
Q. What did you sell it for?
Hill. I believe I had 5 guineas for it, with a shagreen case to it.
Q. Is the in-side mettle or gold?
Hill. They are both mettle.
Question from the Prisoner. Are you sure of that?
Hill. I sold it for such.
Prisoner. I desire some goldsmith may examine it, I will not take it upon his word, I know it if it was mine.
Question to Hill. Is your name upon it?
Hill. No. it is another name.


                  James 
                  Hutton 
               



            . I keep the Bull and Gate Inn, Holbourn. Mr. Hall came to my house on the 14th of Sept. I remember his making complaint the next-morning of his being robbed; there was also an advertisement put in the paper of that robbery; After which 
               
                  George 
                  Ball 
               



            , a waiter at the Saracen's Head, came to me and described the prisoner at the bar, and told me he was gone Hounslow road. Then I went in pursuit after him; I enquired for him at the Red Lion at Hounslow; I heard of him when I came to Cranford-Bridge. I still pursu'd. When I arrived at Abington a gentleman's servant said he was a mile and a half on the other side Abington. I got Mr. Clemings, the Landlord at the Lamb at Abington, to go along with me, who said, very likely he may be at dinner at a place called the Dog-house. We had over-shot him, for after we were gone, he was seen going out of Abington. Then the people sent a man and horse for me back again. When I got back to the Lamb Inn they had just got him into a room. I charged the constable with him, and charged him with the robbery; then he swore that watch would be his death; he should never be quit of it. He had, before I came, throwed the watch over the house. and it was picked up.
Q. Did you ask him what he meant by that expression ?
Hutton. No, I did not; the prisoner was carried before the justice, and the watch produced there; he desired to have the watch in his own hand; the justice held it in his hand, but would not deliver it to him.
Q. What did he say upon seeing it?
Hutton. He said he believed it was the watch he had flung away.
Q. Did he own he had thrown it away?
Hutton. He did; the justice said if I would swear to the watch he would confine him, otherwise he could not keep him above six days; as I could not, he advised me to come to town for the prosecutor to swear to the watch, or he must be acquitted. I told the justice it was a long way to go, and may be I could not find him immediately, so as to bring him in time. I asked the justice if I could not take him up to town; the justice said he was afraid he would be rescued from me.
Q. Did the prisoner say how he came by the watch?
Hutton. He said he bought it for half a guinea, and that he bought it too cheap.
Q. Did he give any reason why he throw'd it away?
Hutton. No, he did not.
Q. Did he mention that he bought it too cheap as a reason that he flung it away?
Hutton. No; after some little time the justice said he would deliver him to my charge if I would take care of him to London. He delivered the watch to me.
Q. Where was this?
Hutton. His name is Ellway; this was 3 miles beyond Abington. I took the prisoner to Abington; the goaler there had no handcuffs, so he sent me a pair of irons; thinking they would take up too much time putting on, I bought 2 horse-locks and got a chain and put them on him, and took him in a post-chaise to London. I left Abington about half an hour past 3 in the afternoon, on the 25th, and came to London about half an hour past I in the night. I took him to justice St. Lawrence, and he there owned he had such a watch, but said it was disfigured by the fall.
Q. Was the watch there produced before him?
Hutton. It was. He was re-examined on the Friday, and on the Wednesday following he was examined again, when Mr. Hall was come to town; then the prisoner owned the watch.
Q Did you know the prisoner before?
Hutton. Much about this time 12 months the prisoner was caught in my house taking away some glasses and decanters; I never saw him but that time before this
Prisoner. I said before the justice I had a watch like that, and if they would let me look into it I would tell whether it was or was not mine; but they would not permit me to see into it.
Court. You may look upon it. (he takes it in his hand.)
Prisoner. I cannot be positive whether this is the watch I had or not, it is very much like it.


                  Richard 
                  Strange 
               



            . I keep the Crown at Abington; the ostler at the Lamb came to me and told me there was a highwayman gone forward, and his master was gone after him; he wanted me to go along with him to help to take him; we saw the prisoner about half a mile out of town; the ostler went up to him, and said, how do you do, John? where are you going? said Tapling; what's the matter? I rode to him, and said, you must go back; he said he would; there were a pretty many people; I brought him to the Lamb; he gave his bundle to the ostler, and said he was going to make water; I saw him put his hand into his pocket and throw away a watch; then I told him he was detain'd for a robbery at the Bull and Gate, Holbourn; he said he was sorry for it; I saw, as the watch was up in the air, that it had a white face; in the mean time I told the people he had thrown a watch over the house; then I had him into a room and told him I would search him for fear of pistols; I felt on the outsides of his cloaths, and did not perceive any; he pulled off his wig and put on a cap, and said, this thing he should lose his life for; he should die for this thing; this he repeated several times; I said I hoped not, why do you think you shall be hanged for it? He said he bought the watch, and that he bought it too cheap. I said, what did you give for it? he answered, half a guinea. He pulled out a guinea and 9 s. and gave them to me, with a direction to send them to his son, a child he has in the country, and said he should never see it any more. Then I went with him to a justice of the peace, and told the justice I had got that money, and asked whether I should give it to the child or give it to him again. The justice ordered me to give it to the landlord at the Bull and Gate, and said, perhaps the guinea might be sworn unto. Coming back from the justice's to Abington the prisoner said he was sorry for it, and said several times he should be hang'd for it.
Q. Did he own the robbery ?
Strange. No, he said he did not rob the gentleman, he bought the watch.
Q. How do you reconcile that of denying the robbery, and saying he should be hang'd for it?
Strange. I said to him, if you came by it honestly, why should you be hang'd for it? he said, I know I shall die for this fact; because I bought the watch too cheap, and cannot find the man that I bought it of.
Q. Did you ask him who he bought it of?
Strange. I did; I asked him if he was a Frenchman or an Irishman? he said he was something like a Jew; but could not tell the size of the man.
Prisoner. It was told me there that I had robb'd the tapster at the Bull and Gate upon Black Heath, and he has but little kindness for me, and I have none at all for him, and that was the reason I said I should be hang'd for it, for I know, if he had said so he would swear it; after that I was told it was a fact committed on Hounslow Heath; and after that I was told it was a gentleman was robb'd at the Bull and Gate; then I made myself easy, because I knew I was not nigh there, and it was not in their power to hurt me.
Question to Strange. Did you hear any such talk there as he mentions?
Strange. No, I never did, not a word about Black Heath; I told him myself it was for a robbery at the Bull and Gate, London.
Prisoner. The tapster said it was on Black Heath.
Strange. The tapster was not there at the time I told him where the robbery was committed.


                  William 
                  Gibbons 
               



            . I am a journeyman baker (he looks at the watch) this is the watch I found near the Lamb Inn at Abington, on Mr. Elderidge's ground, and I delivered it to the justice of the peace.
Q. Was you at the examination of the prisoner?
Gibbons. I was. The justice held the watch in his hand, the prisoner looked at it and said he had had such a watch.
Q. How near the Lamb Inn yard did you find the watch?
Gibbons. If I go into the back yard of the Lamb Inn and throw a stone toward Mr. Elderidge's, it would fall whereabouts I found the watch; there was but one house, or stable, parted it; as soon as I took the watch up, it was told me a man at the Lamb had thrown it over, and the people were then looking about for it.


                  John James 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I am tapster at the Bull and Gate, Holbourn; I remember Mr. Hall being at our house on the 14th of Sept. When his money and watch were missing, and we had intelligence of the prisoner's being a suspected person and gone that road, I went with Mr. Hutton; we set out on the Wednesday about 4 o'clock.
Q. Did you know Tapling before ?
Robinson. I did very well; he liv'd about 50 or 60 yards of us; he was waiter at the Blue Boar and George. We out-run the prisoner; we were in a post-chaise; then people came after us and informed us the prisoner was taken, so we came back and found him secured at the Lamb Inn at Abington; he was sitting in the middle of the room; I said to him, how do you do? he said, d - n my blood I now am sure to be hang'd for that d - n'd eternal watch that I threw over the house, naming number 2.
Q. Why did he say he should be hang'd?
Robinson. Upon the account he bought it clandessinely; he said he bought it for half a guinea; I asked him where he lay that night? he said at Hemmings's Bagnio. I ask'd him how he came there? he answered, he went from London in a post-chaise. We found he had called at places on the road and had drank rack, old-hock and punch.
Q. Did he say any body could swear against him about the watch?
Robinson. No, he did not.
Court. Explain what you mean by number two.
Robinson. He said d - n that number two, it will be the death of me. I understood him, as our rooms are numbered, and the room that Mr. Hall lay in was number 2.
Q. Did he make use of any other expression to make you believe he meant the room Mr. Hall lay in?
Robinson. No.
Question from the Prisoner. Upon my first coming into the room I said I was informed I had robbed you of 30 guineas on Black Heath, and a gold watch; did you not say I should be hang'd, when I asked you this question?
Robinson. I said no such thing.
Prisoner. After that it was said I robbed him on Hounslow Heath; they were cautious in saying it was a gentleman that had been robbed at the Bull and Gate. I knew, my Lord, if this fellow said I robbed him he would swear it. Pray, Mr. Robinson, let me ask you one question; whether I did not ask you, upon your first coming into the room, whether I had robbed you of 30 guineas and a gold watch ?
Robinson. No, he did not ask me that question then; but he did some time afterwards say to me, did I rob you of that gold watch and some gold ?
Prisoner. Then he said, No, you have not robbed me, I shall do you no injury at all.
Question to Robinson. What answer did you make him?
Robinson. I said, what do you mean by asking me that question? I never had a gold watch in all my life. I don't remember 30 guineas being mentioned.
Q Did the prisoner at or before the time he said he should be hang'd say any thing concerning the reason of his being hang'd, because of your being willing to swear to the robbing of you ?
Robinson. He offered to shake me by the hand, at my first coming into the room, which I refused; then I said to him, Mr. Tapling, what o'clock is it? he made answer, G - d d - n my blood I'm a dead man; at this time he had not said any thing of my being robb'd.
Question from the Prisoner. He seems to hang upon number 2, I suppose he means that is the number of the room where Mr. Hall lay; I understood him it was the number of the watch, the last figure was 2.
Question to Robinson, Did you or he mention number 2 first.
Robinson. He mentioned it himself, I had not mentioned it to him.
Prisoner. I never was any higher in that house than in the one pair of stairs room; I could not think of the numbers having never seen them.
Question from the Prisoner. Did you see me lurking about the house?
Robinson. I did not.
Prisoner's defence.
I should have made a very good defence if my witnesses could be found; I had two persons that could prove the buying of this watch, but they are at a great distance; I was desired by my father to put my trial off till the last day, and now my father is gone, and my principal witnesses and counsel are not here. I have no other thing to say for it, I bought the watch at Charing Cross, in the street, for half a guinea and 6 d. a man had it to sell, and several persons were bidding money for it as well as myself, there were 8 or 10, or more.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


