





180. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Taylor 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two yards of woollen cloth, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , May 20
. ++


                  Isaac 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a hackney coachman
. He produc'd some cloth. This is part of the lining of my coach. One 
               
                  John 
                  More 
               



             catch'd the prisoner as he was taking it. He can give a farther account.


                  John 
                  More 
               



            . About 3 o'clock, on a Sunday morning in May. I saw the coach of the prosecutor move, and she window up, as it stood in my master's yard, in Bishopsgate-street. I saw the prisoner come out of the coach with the cloth under his arm, and a hammer in his hand. I took him by his collar when he was come from the coach about 20 yards.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went down the yard thinking it was a thorough-fair, I saw a woman come out of a coach with that bundle, and a man after her; then came two men and laid hold of me, and dragged me down to the ground, and charged me with taking it.
More. There was nobody in the yard but the prisoner and I at the time; and when I took hold of him he begged for mercy, and called out murder.
For the Prisoner.


                  James 
                  Lovelong 
               



            . I have known him twenty years. I have employ'd him this twelvemonth in making glasses for telescopes . I have trusted him with things of 5 l. value every week. He never wrong'd me, nor I never heard he did any body else.
Eliz. Turner. I have known him about a year; he is an honest man as far as I know.


                  Jane 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I have known him about four years. I never heard any harm of him.


                  Susannah 
                  Prigg 
               



            . I have known him almost three years; he work'd for my husband, and was he out we would employ him again. I never heard any ill of him.


                  Ann 
                  Collier 
               



            . I have known him about a year and half: I never heard an y ill of him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


