







187, 188, 189. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Taylor 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing one lawn apron, value 5 s. three linen caps, two yards of lace, one doll's muslin apron. one quarter of a yard of holland, one ticken pocket, one towel, 5 iron keys, 20 gallons of gin, value 3 l. and 20 gallons of strong beer
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Mason 
                  



                
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Wyate 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Elmes 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , March 1

. ++



                  Edward 
                  Mason 
               



            . I live at the Duke of Marlborough's Head by Shadwell-Church



, a publick house. The prisoner, Taylor, was my servant
. I missed liquors at divers times, and other things. I suspected her by our finding a bunch of keys in her bed, under her head. We examined her, and she confessed that she had missed no opportunity of robbing me since she had lived with me, and mentioned things that I did not know of then. She signed her confession before the justice. I saw her and the justice sign it. It was read to this purport.
The voluntary confession of 
               
                  Esther 
                  Taylor 
               



            , made before 
               
                  Walter 
                  Bury 
               



            , Esq; March 1, 1756.
'' The said 
               
                  Esther 
                  Taylor 
               



             maketh oath and faith, '' that some time before Christmas last she did feloniously '' steal, take, and carry away from out of '' her master's dwelling-house one lawn apron, value '' 5 s. two ribbons, value 6 d. one prayer-book, '' value 6 d. two yards and 3-qrs of lace, value 6 d. '' three womens caps, value 6 d. an old work'd '' border; and one towel, the goods of her master; '' and about the 20th of December she at divers '' times did steal and take away out of her master's '' house one bottle of gin, the property of her master. '' And further faith, on the 19th of March she '' had laid under her head a bunch of keys that '' would open the places where her said master kept '' his liquor; and that she had taken of liquor upwards '' of 100 gallons, besides candles and other '' things; and had committed divers other robberies '' and felonies in her master's house, in the '' commission of which her memory greatly fails '' her.''


                  Mary 
                  Mason 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor (some linen produced, part of the goods mention'd.) These are my property, which the prisoner, Taylor, own'd she stole from me.
Q. Do you know any thing against the other two prisoners?
M. Mason. No, nothing but what Taylor confessed.
Q. to E. Mason. Do you of your own knowledge know any thing against the other prisoners?
E. Mason. No, nothing but what Taylor has said.


                  Ann 
                  Parrot 
               



            . I heard Taylor's confession both at her master's house, and also before the justice.


                  Ann 
                  Princess 
               



            . I heard Taylor say she took half a guinea and an apron from out of her master's house; and the other prisoners received them of her.


                  Martha 
                  Evdit 
               



             I heard Taylor confess she stole an apron and half a guinea from her master's house.
Taylor's defence. The other prisoners used to ask me to give them liquor at all opportunities.
Wyate and Elmes declared they knew nothing of what they were charged with.
Taylor 

               Guilty
            .
Wyate and Elmes 

               Acquitted
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


