





389. (M.) 
               
                  William 
                  Gilham 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 10 s one linen shirt, value 5 s. one guinea, and one shilling
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Kelly 
                  




                
            , October 21
. ++


                  Patrick 
                  Kelly 
               



            . On the 27th of September I went and dined with a friend at Rotherhith, and told him I wanted a boy very much.
Q. What business are you in?
Kelly. I keep a publick house
. My friend recommended to me this boy at the bar I there agreed to give him 5 pounds a year. He came the next morning about 8 or 9 o'clock. I had put a shilling in the till, and miss'd it that day, but had no suspicion of him. On the Sunday following 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Russel 
               



             pull'd off a ruffled shirt and deliver'd it to my maid to lay by for him, which she did. I saw it lying in the place. On the Tuesday following his mother and brother came to my house. I desir'd them to dine with me on a leg of mutton and turnips. After dinner he call'd me out at the door and said, master I shall take it as a favour if you'll lend me 20 s. which I did, looking upon him as an honest lad. I went up for the money, and as I was counting it he was soon at my heels. After I had lent it him he went with his mother into the Borough. This was the 5th day of his being with me. On the Thursday following I sent him up to clear the club room, and I went out at the same time. When I came home at night I found the pots were not fetch'd in. I ask'd my maid why the boy had not fetch'd them in, and she told me he had not been in the house half an hour. I call'd him but he made no answer. At last he came and took his hat and away he walk'd; after which I went up stairs and found the beaufet door open, where I miss'd a guinea. The next morning my maid miss'd a silver spoon, and the shirt I mention'd. The boy was not to be found
Q. In what condition did you find the beaufet ?
Kelly. The lock was tried at very much on one compartment in it, but was not open'd. I sent two men to his mother's, to know if he was there, who return'd and said he was not; then I went, and found he was there. I left word, that if he would come again I would take no notice of what was past, but in the mean time I went and got a warrant from justice Fielding, and when he came I took him before the justice, where he own'd the silver spoon and shirt, and that he had pawn'd them with Mrs. Edwards, and also that he had taken a guinea out of the beaufet, before the constable and myself.


                  Joseph 
                  Russel 
               



            . The shirt was my property; I heard the prisoner own before the justice that he took it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Edwards 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner at the bar pawn'd with me a silver spoon and a ruffled shirt.
Produced in court, and deposed to by their respective owners.
Q. How came you to take in goods that you did not know to belong to the person that brought them?
E. Edwards. The prisoner used to come with goods belonging to his mother; and at this time he told me he lived servant with a doctor, that his master had given him two shirts, and this was one of them.

Prisoner's Defence.
I did not know what I did, for I was in liquor; I did not try to break any locks: As I was sweeping the room the door of the beaufet came open, and I saw the guinea lying, so I took it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


