





299 (L) 
               
                  Edward 
                  Burges 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver quart tankard, value 5 l the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Golding 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , May 2 d
 ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Powell 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Golding, who keeps the Baptist-Head
 at the corner of Alderman-Bury


. The prisoner came in at the kitchen door, on the 2d of May, about 4 or 5 o'clock, and asked for one Jack, a porter, and called for a pint of beer; the boy went to fetch it, he was gone before the beer came; Mr. Higgs, who had been drinking out of the tankard, was gone out at the door, to call another man, he came in again, and was in a passion because the beer and tankard was taken away.
Q. How long was it from the time he call'd for the pint of beer, and Mr. Higg's missing the tankard?
E. Powel, At most it was not two minutes, (she produced the tankard) it is my master Richard Golding's property.


                  William 
                  Higgs 
               



            . I had got some beer in the tankard, between 4 and 5 o'clock, on the 2d of May, at Mr. Golding's, I went out to call another person to drink, when I came in again, the tankard and beer were gone.
Q. Look at that tankard, is that it?
Higgs. I can't be positive as to that, it is like it; I left it on the table in the publick room, and was not gone above a minute or two, at farthest.
Q. Did you see the prisoner?
Higgs. I saw nothing of him.


                  John 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I am a Ticket Porter; I belong'd to a ship about three or four months, with the prisoner, about five or six years ago. I d he came to enquire a at the prosecutor's house. On the 2 d of about 5 in the evening, one of the other porters came and told me, a short man in a blue coat was enquiring after me, and that he had stole a tankard; I went to this house, and the cook told me he had it one arm. then I, if so he belongs to Greenwich Hospital. On Sunday morning, Mr. Golding. I, and 
               
                  John 
                  Booth 
               



            , set out to go to Greenwich, and we met the prisoner at the corner of the Old Jewry; we took him to Mr. Golding's house, and tax'd him with taking the tankard, he denied it very much at first, but at last owned it, and said, he had pawn'd it for 2 s. in Rosemary-lane.
Q. Did you make use of threats, or promises of favour?
Hudson. No, my Lord, we did neither. We went to the house along with him, he asked the woman for the thing he brought home the last night, she said, I know nothing of it; then he mentioned a tankard, at last I found it under some straw, then the prisoner took it up and delivered it to the constable.


                  John 
                  Booth 
               



            , and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Patterson 
               



            . the constable, had confirmed that of taking him, his confession, and finding the tankard.
Prisoner's defence.
I was very heavy in liquor; I got this tankard and I did not know how; since I have lost my arm, and my scull was wounded, I am, with a little liquor, out of my senses. I was going to the gentleman's house, in order to return it again.
To his Character.


                  Barbara 
                  Gutterridge 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 5 years, he is now a pensioner in Greenwich-hospital ; I never heard any ill of him before in my life.


                  Richard 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . I have known him 7 years, I was with him on board a ship when his arm was shot off, he has frequently been at our house of late, I never knew any ill of him.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


