










345. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Talbourn 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing nine yards and three quarters of silk, value 27 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Sorsby 
                  



                
            . Sept. 18





. ++


                  Sarah 
                  Sorsby 
               



            . I live servant
 in Bishopsgate-street, on the 18th of September I was standing at the door with my master's children, the prisoner came up to me and told me a person wanted to speak with me, I asked her if it was a man or a woman, she said it was a man, I said he might; there was a man in the street, he came into the shop and the prisoner with him, the man addressed himself to me, and said he knew me, and had an uncle lived in this street; he pretended to have a great regard for me, I desired him not to deceive me, saying, I had nothing but what I worked for, he told me he would buy me a gown, and I was to go with him to his father's in the evening, to show him the gown I was to be married in, and he would produce 120 l. to his father as my marriage portion; the prisoner had got me to deliver some money into her hands, which is not laid in the indictment, and so immaterial to mention; after this in preparing to go to his father's, I had by her directions packed up a piece of silk of my own.
Q. How much was there of it?
S. Sorsby. There were nine yards three quarters of it; I had put it in a handkerchief, and while I was putting on my capuchin, she took the handkerchief out of my hand and they both went away, and I have never seen the man since nor the prisoner, till she was taken and had before a magistrate.
Prisoner's defence.
She delivered the silk in her handkerchief to the man that she was going to be married to, and he put it into a great coat pocket, I do not know where he is gone.



               Guilty
            .
There were five other detainers against her for defrauds of this nature.




               For defrauding 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Kellsel 
                        



                      
                   of 1 l. 5 s.
            





               For defrauding 
                     
                        
                           Dorothy 
                           Davis 
                        



                      
                   of 36 s.
            





               For defrauding 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Bridges 
                        



                      
                   of 39 s. and some wearing apparel
            .





               For defranding 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Carnon 
                        



                      
                   of 3 l. 12 s. 6 d.
            



               For defrauding 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Philips 
                        



                      
                   of a pair of gold earings and a quantity of linen
            .




[Transportation.]


