





160. (M.) 
               
                  Elisabeth, wife
 of Samuel Wills, otherwise 
Elisabeth Levesedge



            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing two linen gowns, value 13 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Long 
                  




                
            , March 21
. ++


                  Jonathan 
                  Long 
               



            . I lodge in Portugal-street


; my wife missed two linen gowns and an apron; I advertised them, by which means we found them again.


                  Elisabeth 
                  Long 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; I hung up these two gowns about twelve o'clock, March 21, in a garret, and Mr. Sergeants came and informed me one was at his house. I went and found them, one pawned, and the other Mr. Sergeant's servant had bought. We got a constable, and took up the prisoner (who they said brought the gowns there) and took her before justice Gore, there she said she bought them in the court in Chick-lane, of a little woman, in a brown gown, about two o'clock that day I lost them. She said she wore one on the Sunday, and pawned the other on the Wednesday.
Q. from prisoner. Whether you did not say she was not the person that stole them?
E. Long. I said I did not know who stole them.
Q. Does she live near you?
E. Long. No, the prisoner lives in Rag-fair.


                  Thomas 
                  Sergeant 
               



            . I keep a public-house, the Prince of Wales's head, at the corner of Wellclose-square. (He produces the two gowns).
Q. to prosecutrix. Do you know these gowns?
Prosecutrix. These are the two gowns I lost.
Sergeant. These gowns were brought to my house, by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jacobs 
               



            , to sell. My servant wanted to buy one; I said she might if she would. She bought it for eight shillings; she said 
               
                  Bess 
                  Mills 
               



             sent her with it. I was going to measure some coals, when she called me to a place where 
               
                  Bess 
                  Mills 
               



             was, and asked me before her if I did give her any more than eight shillings? I said no, I did not; then she was satisfied. After that, I read of two gowns being stolen, and described; I suspected this to be one. I said to my servant, don't you wear this till I am better satisfied. I went to the prosecutrix in Portugal-street, and told her one of her gowns, according to the advertisement, was at my house. She brought me down stairs a pattern of the gown, and went with me and owned it. We went before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gore 
               



            , and got a warrant, and I took the prisoner up. When she came before the justice, she owned where the other gown was. We went and found it accordingly. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix ).


                  Mary 
                  Jacobs 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar desired me to take this gown, and sell it for her, which I did to this gentleman's servant for eight shillings.


                  Eleanor 
                  Dixon 
               



            . I bought the gown of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jacobs 
               



            , and I saw the other gown on the prisoner's back, and she wished me health to wear that which I had bought.
Prisoner's defence.

I deal in old cloaths
; I had been out about my business, and coming home I met a little woman with a bundle in a handkerchief, in Holborn. She asked me if I traded in old cloaths? I said I did. She said her husband was pressed to go to sea, and she wanted to make up a little money, and had got two gowns to sell; we went into a little court in Chick-lane, there I looked at them, and bought them for eleven shillings; one I got Jacobs to sell, the other I wore myself, and wanting money to buy goods, I pawned that for four shillings. Since I have been in Newgate, a woman asked me what I came there for, and said was it not for two gowns? I knew her, when I came to see her face, by a mole, and I said I bought them of her; but she denied it. I should be glad if she might be sent for. I told it to all the people in the gaol, and they know her. (She is called down).

Prisoner. This is the woman.


                  Grace 
                  Rich 
               



            . I never saw the prisoner till I saw her in Newgate in my life.
Q. Did you never sell her a gown?
G. Rich. I never sold a gown to an old-cloaths-woman in my life; here are several people in Newgate that heard her raise a scheme to lay it on me; I was very ill at the time she mentions.
Prosecutrix. She told me at first it was a tall woman, pitted with the small-pox, she bought them of; after that her husband told me she bought them in the Fleet-market; then she said it was a little woman, with a brown gown on, with a hole in it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


