





161. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Masterson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 30 pounds weight of tabacco, value 20 s.
             the goods of persons unknown, Dec. 26
. ||


                  James 
                  Penprice 
               



            . Last Wednesday was fortnight I was at King James's stairs with Mr. Crawford; betwixt five and six o'clock in the evening I saw the prisoner at the bar with this parcel; I took hold on it, and said to him, what have you got here? My bed, said he; I said, I believed it was tobacco; he said, it is, and he had it of a cabin boy, belonging to the ship called the Thomas; I knew she had been cleared some time. Before the alderman he said, it belonged to one Stevens; after that he said, he was only employed as a porter to carry it into the Minories, but could not tell the house; the bag and all weighs 37 pounds; it is all stripped, and it is worth 8 d. per pound. The prisoner is a lumper
.


                  Henry 
                  Crawford 
               



             confirmed the same account.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have witnesses ; I was employed to carry it for a woman as a porter.


                  Andrew 
                  Smith 
               



            . I lodged in the house at the same time I saw the prisoner go out of the house with the woman; he went to carry it for her; the goods belong to one 
               
                  William 
                  Stevenson 
               



            ; she came back again and said, they were stop'd in about 10 minutes time after they went out; they went away the next day to another lodging, and their neighbours and friends took care of their things.


                  Robert 
                  Hutcherson 
               



            . I was sent for by the prisoner at the bar to say he was a porter. I believe he is an honest inoffensive fellow.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


