






251, 252. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Bird 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Morris 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Weedon 
                  




                
            , May 29
.* 
John Weedon. On the 29th of May, I was in the King's-bench, Guildhall


, to hear a trial; one Mr. Tolderoy told me he saw the prisoner Bird take a handkerchief out of my pocket; I felt, and missed mine; I charged an officer with her; she was taken into another room; and, upon searching her, my handkerchief was found lying underneath her as she stood.
Q. How come you to charge the other prisoner?
Weedon. The witness did that; seeing them, as he said, busy together.


                  Thomas 
                  Tolderoy 
               



            . I was in the court of King's-bench, Guildhall, on the 29th of May, being subpoened there on a trial. I saw the two prisoners come, and by their behaviour, I thought them to be pick-pockets; they were very busy about a gentleman's pocket, and I told him to take care, for I thought they had pick'd his pocket; he said he had felt a hand in his pocket, but had lost nothing, having secured his handkerchief before; then they moved to another part of the court. I saw them go to the prosecutor, and as they were both standing together by him, I saw a handerchief lifted up from his pocket; I know not which of the prisoners took it out, but I saw Bird conceal it.
Q. Did you see Morris make any attempt on the other gentleman's pocket.
Tolderoy. I can't say I did; Bird seemed to be the busiest; they appeared as companions.
Q. Did you see the handkerchief found again?
Tolderoy. I did; it was found under Bird's cloaths as she was standing.
Q. Which was nearest the prosecutor when you saw it taken?
Tolderoy. I can't say which was nearest.
Q. How near was you to them at the time?
Tolderoy. I believe I was about ten yards distance.


                  Marmaduke 
                  Gibson 
               



            . On the 29th of May I was in the King's-bench, Guildhall; the two prisoners were pretty near me, attempting a gentleman's pocket; the last witness and I tap'd him on the shoulder, and ask'd him, if he had not lost any thing; he said he felt a hand in his pocket, but he had secured his handkerchief; then the prisoners removed to where the prosecutor was. I had my eye upon them, and saw the prisoner Morris take a handkerchief from his pocket, the other prisoner was then close by her; they had walk'd round the hall together. After Bird was secured, I saw the handkerchief under her; which the prosecutor swears was his. (The handkerchief produced in court, and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Percifull 
               



            . I was charged with Bird, and took her into the sitting alderman's room; there searching her, I found the handkerchief under her cloaths. The prosecutor said it was his. After that, I was charged with the other prisoner, and I insisted upon searching her, but she said she would not be searched by me or any body else; but I searched her, and found only one handkerchief upon her (producing it.)
Morris. That is my own handkerchief.
Bird's defence.
I am innocent of the fact.
Morris's defence.
I was but just come into the hall as they took me; I know nothing of this woman, ( pointing to her fellow-prisoner.) I was not with her.
Q. to Tolderoy. Are you sure you saw Morris with Bird when the handkerchief was taken?
Tolderoy. I am certain of it; and that they were together before that was taken.
Gibson answered the same to the question.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


