






102, 103. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Hutchins 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Wife

                   of 
                     John 
                     Hurt 
                  
               



            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing two Holland shirts, one silver tea spoon, one silver shoe-buckle, one pair of worsted stockings, one check apron, one blanket; all together to the value of 7 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Cook 
                  



                
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same knowing them to be stolen
            . ++


                  Daniel 
                  Cook 
               



            . I live in Bell-lane, Spital-fields



. I am a rug-maker
; the lad Hutchins is my apprentice
, he is just turned of fifteen years of age; I lost the things mentioned about three weeks ago. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hurt 
               



             used to work for me. I took the boy before the justice, he confessed voluntarily that he took the two shirts out of a drawer, and one silver buckle, and all the things mentioned, and carried them to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hurt 
               



            , and she sold them, all but the check apron; he said she used to come in the morning, and ask him if he had any thing to pawn; she would return it again, and his master and mistress should know nothing of it; he said he had but eight-pence half-penny of her.
Q. Have you found any of the things again?
Cook. I have not.
Q. Did the woman acknowledge any thing?
Cook. No, my lord, she denied it.


                  Catherine 
                  Dixon 
               



            . I heard the boy say she used to come to him before his master and mistress were up, and ask him for things; and he gave the things to her mentioned here ; and that she gave him some half pence ; I also heard her say she sold one of the shirts for fifteen pence.
Q. When did you hear this?
Dixon. Last Wednesday in Newgate; I asked her whether she knew any thing of the things mentioned, she said the spoon was stopped, where she carried it, till she fetched the right owner, and she never went again; and that she pawned the spoon for a shilling, and carried the odd buckle to sell, and was stopped with it, and that the boy brought these things to her.


                  George 
                  White 
               



            . The boy confessed before he went before the justice, to me, that he stole the things, mentioning them by name ; and the woman confessed to me in Newgate last Wednesday, that she received them of the boy; and sold the shirt, pawned the apron for a shilling, and the spoon and buckle were stopped; and that she had given the boy some half-pence and pence.
Q. Did she know this was Mr. Cook's apprentice?
White. She did.
Hutchin's defence.
I know nothing of it.
Hurt's defence.
I was fuddled, they told me I should be cleared; I know not what I said, but I never received any thing of the boy.
Q. to White Did you make her any promisses, or threaten her, when she told you, as you have said ?
White. No, my Lord, I did not.
Mrs. Dixon answers the same, to the same questions.
Hutchins 

               Guilty
             of Felony.
Hurt 

               Guilty
            .





[Branding. See summary.]






[Transportation. See summary.]


