








289, 290, 291, 292. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Placket 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stanninot 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Wright 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Freeman 
               



             , * were indicted for 


               stealing one copper, value five pounds
            . the property of 
               
                  Walsingham 
                  Beezley 
               




             , March 11
. +
* See No 569 in Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Calvert 
               



            's mayoralty, and No 304 in Sir Samuel Pennant's.
Walsingham Beezley. I am a brewer
, and live in St. John's-street: On the 29th of last month my servant came and told me, the house in Hockley in the Hole


, which I rent, was robb'd of a copper, and some other things. On the Monday following the bricklayer came, and ask'd me if I had heard any thing of my copper; saying, he believed it was stop'd in Smithfield, at Mr. Cave's a copper-smith; I bid him go and see it. he did, and came again, and said it was mine; he had before set it up for me, I have not seen it since.


                  Joseph 
                  Vaughan 
               



            . I know the copper to be the prosecutor's property, I set it up for him about three years ago, when it was new; it is easy to be known, it is made in a singular form, more like a washing tub than a copper; I saw it at the copper-smith's in Smithfield, where it now is, I know not-how it came there.


                  Luke 
                  Martin 
               



            . On the 11th of March last I had been at the New-market, coming home I heard a man cry in 
               
                  Smithfield, D


             - n my eyes, you break my neck: There I saw four men with this copper, one of them, George-Wright, whom I have known from a child, said, It is 
               
                  Luke 
                  Martin 
               



            . Freeman and Stanninot carried me to the King's Arms in Smithfield, and treated me with a full pot of beer. Country-Jack, which is Stanninot, whom I knew before, said, D - n my eyes, I have got a heavy bargain of it, to bring this from Moorfields for a shilling. They went out of the house, and I went to the man of the house, and said, go out and see what they are about; he went out, I desir'd him not to say any thing to them till they had got the copper up; but he went up to them, and said, D n you, what have you got there? They ran away, he call'd out, stop thieves, I ran out and they were gone. The copper was secured at Mr. Cave's, and then advertised, so the prosecutor came to hear of it; he sent for me, I had seen it that day, I told him the same I do here; it is a very uncommon copper, with a large spout almost as thick as my leg; I saw all four of the prisoners, and know them to be the men.
All four 

               guilty
            .







[Transportation. See summary.]


