





51. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Griffiths 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one copper tea-kettle, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Vaughan 
                  




                
            , Jan. 1
. ++


                  William 
                  Vaughan 
               



            . On the 1st of January the prisoner came into my house, and call'd for half a pint of beer and a slice of bread.
Q. What are you?
Vaughan. I am a publican
, and keep the Star, in Star-Court, Cheapside


. After she had drank her beer she desired to be indulged by the fire, it being a cold day. I said she was very welcome. She had paid for her beer. My dinner being ready about half an hour after one, and while I call'd my wife to go backwards to dine, the prisoner took the opportunity to take the copper tea-kettle out of the corner, and went off with it.
Q. When had you seen the kettle last?
Vaughan. I saw it in the corner, just by her left arm, when I left her.
Q. How do you know she took it?
Vaughan. There were no other persons in the house but she.
Q. What time did you miss it?
Vaughan. I missed it directly. I sent a man servant after her.
Q. What is his name ?
Vaughan. His name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Edwards 
               



            . He met with my maid (named 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cooper 
               



            ) and sent her after the prisoner


                  Ann 
                  Cooper 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. Upon New-Year's day my mistress went in to eat her dinner, and left the prisoner in the drinking room, and when she came out from dinner the prisoner was gone. Mistress looked, and missed the tea-kettle directly. I followed the prisoner, and overtook her beyond Bow-Church with the kettle open in her hand. I brought her and the kettle back to my master's house. ( Produced in court.)
Q. to prosecutor. Look at this kettle, do you know it?
Prosecutor. This is my tea-kettle.
Prisoner's Defence.
I beg the mercy of the court.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


