





218. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Price 
                  , otherwise 
Thomas Buckley




            , was indicted, for 


               that he, with a certain pistol which he had, and held in his right-hand, upon 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Tricket 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault in a violent manner, and did then and there demand money of the said Stephen, with intent the money of the said Stephen against his will to have
            , May 3.*
Stephen Tricket. I live in the Strand


; on the 3d of May the prisoner came into my shop about a quarter of an hour after six in the evening, I and my son were in a little room at the farther end of the shop, he came up to the door and opened it; I said, what do you want, friend? he said, I want ten guineas; I said, who do you come from? he said, from myself.
Q. Did you see any arms he had got ?
Tricket. No, I did not then; I said, what demand have you of ten guineas upon me? he said, for fun; I said, fun, what do you mean by fun, have you no other demand? then he put his hand to his pocket and pulled out a pistol, and clapped it to my breast, then my son pulled out a purse from his pocket and said, here friend, here is ten guineas, for God's sake take your pistol away. As I got up from my seat he still held his pistol in the same position directed to my breast, I gave a spring and took hold of the arm that held the pistol, and turned it from me, and took hold of his collar, my son jumped upon him and took hold on his other arm and collar too; I found I was not strong enough to take the pistol from him, but he turned it towards me again, I turned it from me again, and then took hold of the barrel of the pistol and let go his arm, and took hold of the handle of the pistol and wrenched it out of his hand, then he strove to get away, but we secured him. When we came to examine the pistol we found it was not charged; we carried him to the justice's and he was committed.
Q. from prisoner. Was I sober or in liquor?
Tricket. When I took the pistol out of his hand I thought he had been drinking spirituous liquors, but he came to me very straight as if he was sober, but when he was taken away he did appear to have had a little liquor.
Q. By what did you judge him to be in liquor, by the smell of the liquor or by any other behaviour?
Tricket. Only by the smell of the liquor, he walked as well as I can, but before the justice he behaved as if he was in liquor.


                  Peter 
                  Tricket 
               



             the younger. I can only repeat what my father has already said, only that there was no flint in the pistol.
Q. What did you think was his Intention, was it fun, as he called it, or was it real?
Tricket. When I offered him my purse, I made no doubt but that he wanted the money, because he answered every question so readily that was asked him.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of it; I had been in company with some men, which I don't know; how I came by the pistol, I know not; I never bought any, nor had any in my life.

For the Prisoner.


                  Timothy 
                  Ball 
               



            . I keep a public-house; the prisoner came to lodge in my house in December last, from which time I have known him; I never saw any thing of his behaviour but what was upright and honest in all shapes.
Q. Did you know him before he came to lodge with you?
Ball. No, I did not; I had an extraordinary good character of him, when he came.


                  John 
                  Langeridge 
               



            . I have known him about four months; he dealt in my shop, and always paid me very honestly.
Q. What shop do you keep?
Langeridge. I keep a chandler's shop.


                  John 
                  Demorine 
               



            . The prisoner was apprentice to me.
Q. How long has his time been out?
Demorine. He did not serve his time quite out, because he had no inclination to his business.
Q. What is your business?
Demorine. I am a jeweler.
Q. How long did he serve you?
Demorine. He served four years of his time; and as he said, and I found, he had no Inclination to the business, and that he would be of no service to me or himself in it, I gave him up his indentures.
Q. How did he behave while with you?
Demorine. He behaved extremely well during that time. I know no ill of him.
Q. How long ago is it since you parted with him?
Demorine. I believe it is three years and a half ago.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


