





198. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elisabeth 
                     Griffith 
                  , otherwise 
Ann Ash, otherwise 
Esther Evans




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton gown, value 5. three aprons, two handkerchiefs, two quilted petticoats, one linen shift, and one pair of sleeves
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Owen 
                  




                
            , spinster
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Owen 
               



            . The prisoner lodged in the same house that I did; we lived and lay together; I was out when the things were taken. ( Mentioning the goods by name, laid in the indictment.)
Q. Were there any other bed in that room besides the bed you both lay in ?

Owen. There was one more; another woman lay in that.
Q. How long had you lived together?
Owen. From the Saturday till the Tuesday; the woman where I lodged, said she was an honest girl.
Q. Did you ever lend her any of these things?
Owen. I only lent her one apron; she took two of my aprons besides that; she quitted her lodgings, when I missed the things, and I happened to meet her in the street about a week afterwards; she had my gown and one apron on at the time. At first she denied the gown to be mine; but at last she owned it was mine. I charged a constable with her, and found the other things afterwards in St. Gyles's; I lodged in Holbourn, and found her in St. Gyles's.


                  John 
                  Ford 
               



            . I am constable. The prosecutrix came to my house, and desired me to go with her to take the prisoner in custody for robbing her of her cloaths. She said there were some woman had detained her till she found a constable. I went with her to a house, where were many women; they asked me what business I had there, and where was my warrant. I had nothing but my pocket-staff. They w anted me to let the prisoner run away. The prisoner delivered all the things to me but the shift which was on her back. I turned my back, and she pulled it off, and delivered it to me; the prisoner picked out the things from amongst others of her own, and said to the prosecutrix, these are your things. ( Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix)
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing at all of them; I was coming along Chancery-lane, and met an old woman; she asked me where I came from, I said three miles from Shrewsbury; she said she came from Worcestershire; she bid me call where she lived, and drink a dish of tea; I went there, and drank a dish of tea; she asked me to come and lodge there; I told her I paid 12 d a week where I was, and worked plain work; I proposed to go there on the Saturday, but I did not go. I never lodged in that house in my life; that is, the house where she says I lodged.
Q. to prosecutrix. Did the prisoner and you lodge in one house together?
Prosecutrix. I am sure she lodged with me; it was at the house of an elderly woman, an acquaintance of mine; she did once live with my father in the country.
Q. What country?
Prosecutrix. I came out of Shropshire.
Q. Did you know the prisoner in the country?
Prosecutrix. No, I know nothing at all of her; I came to London for a service; I got a place; but at present am out of place, and so I was when I lost my things.
Q. Where have you lived in London?
Prosecutrix. I lived with Mr. Dent in Cary-street.
Q. What account did the prisoner give of herself, when you lodged together?
Prosecutrix. She said she came from Shrewsbury, but I had not much conversation with her, being backwards and forwards to my relations to get a place.
Prisoner. I had been about two months in London.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


