





67. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Cornwell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Pierce 
                     Uriel 
                  




                
            , Dec. 28
. ++


                  Pierce 
                  Uriel 
               



            . I was going along Fleet-street


 on Saturday the 28th of December, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, there was one Mr. Elliot with me; at the printshop the end of St. Dunstan's Church the prisoner came close after us, she trod on the heel of the gentleman's shoe that was with me, and pulled it down behind, at the instant she had done it he took notice of it to me, and said, this woman has trod upon my heel. I felt something at that instant at my pocket; I missed my handkerchief out of my right-hand pocket, she whipped round between him and the shop, Mr. Elliot and I were arm in arm, I was on the out-side, she went towards Temple-bar; I told Mr. Elliot I had lost my handkerchief, I ran immediately up to the prisoner, who was not above five yards from me. I desired her to give me my handkerchief, and put my hand under her red cloak, and there I found it under her right-arm, ( produced in court and deposed to) I had made use of it not above half a minute before.
Q. What is it made of?
P. Uriel. Silk.
Q. What is the value of it?
P. Uriel. A shilling.
Q. Have you any particular mark upon it so as to know it?
P. Uriel. Here is the initial of my surname, and am positive it is my property; the staff-man that is under the beadle saw me take the handkerchief from her, he laid hold on her; I asked him what I must do with her, he said, you must prosecute, he took her to the constable, she said a man had picked it up and gave it to her.
Q. Was it dirty as if taken from the ground?
P. Uriel. No, it was not.


                  Henry 
                  Udal 
               



            . On the 28th of December I was coming along by St. Dunstan's Church about three o'clock in the afternoon; I saw a bustle betwixt he, his friend, and the prisoner, and heard him say, saucy, what else I know not, but he accused her of taking his handkerchief, she seemed to deny it, he hit her a little sort of a tap on her face, and then put his hand under her cloak, and took the handkerchief from under her right-arm, to the best of my knowledge; the handkerchief was as clean as if it was new washed, (he looks on the handkerchief) this is the same, here are the two letters at one corner, which he then shewed me; I went with her before a magistrate, she there pretended she picked it up.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going along Fleet-street towards Temple-bar, I saw a man drop a handkerchief betwen the Toy-shop and the little door belonging to St. Dunstan's church, I stooped down for it, and trod on the gentleman's shoe; my prosecutor came up to me and said, that is my handkerchief, said I, if it is, take it, he up with his hand and hit me two or three blows over my head, and bid me go about my business, and made my flesh as black as my shoe-heel, this beadle coming by, took hold of me, he saw nothing of the matter.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


