





76. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Savage 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing thirty bricks, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mark 
                     Jefferson 
                  




                
            , Dec. 15
. +


                  Mark 
                  Jefferson 
               



            . I had a parcel of bricks, by a building, in Holbourn, near the Black-Swan


. On the 15th of December, in the evening, I was sent for, and informed somebody were stealing my bricks. I went there, and all I can say is, that the bricks are my property that lay there.
Q. Can you tell whether any were missing from the heap ?
Jefferson. No, I cannot.
Q. Have you heard the prisoner say any thing about them?
Jefferson. He beg'd I'd be favourable to him, and said it was so trifling a thing he thought I could not be off from pardoning him for it.
Q. Did you hear him accused of taking any ?
Jefferson. I did; but can't say he did immediately own it.


                  William 
                  Farrown 
               



            . I live close by where the brick-heap was. I stood by my door and saw a man come and carry away several baskets full of bricks from that heap. I thought I'd detect him. When he came again and fill'd his basket I went and laid hold of him. He said he'd do so no more. I asked him where he carried them. He said, into Purpool-Lane. I asked him what to do. He said, they were to build up a job, in mending a chimney. I carried him into the yard. We charged a constable with him. There came the bricklayer that he was stealing the bricks for. I took him and carried him into the yard also; but he got over the place, and so got away.
Prisoner's Defence.
If my prosecutor will pardon me I'll never do the like again.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


