





324. (L.) 
               
                  Jmes 
                  Francis 
               



             , was indicted for 


               stealing one bras candlestick foot, value 8 d. eight brass sendergates, value 7 s. and two brass warming pan sockets, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cutteridge 
                  




                
            , October 2
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Leaper 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Cutteridge 
               



            , the prisoner at the bar worked for him as a labourer
 on Monday the 2d of this instant October. Mr. James, a founder in the Minories, came and desired my master to look at some metal, to see if he knew whose property it was.
Q. What sort of metal was it?
Leaper. There was a brass candlestick foot and four gates belonging to a fender. (Producing them.)
Q. Whose property are they?
Leaper. They are the property of my master; upon this the prisoner was charged with taking them and committed a day or two after, which another founder from Shoe-lane, hearing we had a man committed, came to let my master know he had a parcel of the same sort of goods; I went and saw them, and knew them to be my master's property, which were two warming pan sockets and four sender gates. (Producing them.)


                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor Mr. Cutteridge, (he looks at the two parcels of brass) these are his property.


                  Sarah 
                  Maynard 
               



            . (She takes the second parcel in her hand.) These goods I bought of the prisoner at the bar.
Prisoner. I know nothing of that woman: I never saw her before.
Leaper. The prisoner owned in my hearing, that he did sell them to this woman.
Q. Did he say how he came by them?

Leaper. He said a bricklayer's labourer gave them to him.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Chapion 
               



            . (She takes the first parcel produced, in her hand.) I bought these goods of the prisoner at the bar about five weeks ago.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw those things, neither did I ever diminish the least crumb of my master's goods in my life; when I was taken up there was a girl belonging to the last witness, came and said, I was not the man, that the man that sold these goods was bigger than I, after that her husband came and said that he could not swear to me; I was carried to the counter, and the next day brought for further examination, then the man, the woman, and the girl came and swore point blank to me.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Chapion 
               



            . The girl is here to give her evidence.


                  Hannah 
                  Turner 
               



            . 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Chapion 
               



             is my sister-in-law; I was not quite sure at first he being in another dress, but when he put on his cloaths which he had on before, then I was certain he was the man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation.]


