





230. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Baget 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hollingworth 
                  




                
            , March 1
. ++


                  John 
                  Hollingworth 
               



            . On the first of March, between 11 and 12 o'clock in the evening, coming up Ludgate hill, opposite the Bell-savage Inn


, I felt somebody pull at my right hand pocket, I turned round and saw the prisoner and another boy close behind me, I saw a hand from one of them very near my pocket, the other boy ran down to the ditch, the prisoner ran down the Bell-savage yard, I missed my handkerchief, and followed him, he ran into the bottom of the yard; the people came out, and I told them I had lost my handkerchief and the thief was in the yard, they shut too the gates and kept him in; when the prisoner found himself inclosed, he came out, we searched him, and found nothing; I desired the people would search with candles; they did, and the handkerchief was found and delivered to me. (Produced in court and deposed to.) Then the prisoner confessed he was so far guilty, that the other lad picked my pocket of it and gave it to him, and that he brought and dropt it in the yard.



                  William 
                  Pope 
               



            . I remember the prosecutor calling out stop thief, I ran out and after the prisoner with a broom stick, then I shut to the great gates, after which the prisoner came out, we could find nothing upon him; then we went to search, I held the candle while I saw a gentleman take the handkerchief out of a coach wheel there, which the prosecutor owned.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming down Ludgate-hill, and picked up that handkerchief out of the mud, I was going through the Bell-savage Inn yard, that witness shut the gate, and stopp'd me, and the prosecutor said the handkerchief was his.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


