






301, 302. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barber 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Speight 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing 300 pounds weight of lead, value 30 s. fix'd-to a dwelling-house belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Hulbert 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Richardson 
                        



                      
                  , their property
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , August 20

. ++


                  Francis 
                  Hulbert 
               



            . I am a Carpenter
. I was acquainted by Mr Brown my partner in a building, that a house belonging to me and Mr Richardson, as assignees of one Lee a bankrupt, was stripped of some lead, and he had a suspicion of Barber, and his labourer one Ellis. Mr Brown had examined Ellis, we took up Ellis first, he confessed, that he and Barber had taken it away. Then we took up Barber, and before the Justice they were there together. Ellis confessed he and Barber took it and carried the lead at five turns to the house of Speight. Ellis went three times and Barber twice. Barber contradicted that, and said, no Tom, I went but once, and that was with a little bit that I carried in my apron. Mr Speight was fetched there. He owned he had bought lead of them, but he contradicted Ellis as to the point of time of the night. I can assert the quantity is upwards of three hundred weight by the quantity that is missing. Speight did not own what quantity he had brought, but that he had bought lead of them two or three times. We got a search-warrant and searched Speight's house, (he is a Shoemaker and keeps an old iron shop) we found no lead there, we have not found any since.
Q. from Barber. Did you ever suspect me in any thing of this sort?
Hulbert. I never knew him 'till he came to work at this building. At first I thought him a diligent man, but latterly I did not think him so, by his behaviour to his master.


                  Thomas 
                  Ellis 
               



            . Barber and I were at work at Knightsbridge at a building. I carried some lead from there to Westminster for the owner. Barber asked me, why I did not save a little for myself, and told me where I might sell it.
Q. Do you know any thing of lead being taken away from Mr Hulbert's house.
Ellis. Yes, that was in Tyburn-Road: Barber said, the man that owned the house was broke and run away. This is about six weeks ago. We went there: he watched below while I went above. I went and took away the middle gutter and some other lead. When I threw it down he cut it in small parcels with a brick-axe. After we carried it to Speight's house, we got there I believe between ten and eleven at night, he lives in either Bird or James-street, by Grosvenor's-square: we made five turns of it, I carried three, and Barber two; Speight was at home, (we had sold him some small quantities before) he paid Barber that night two half crowns in part of pay.
Q. Was the lead weighed ?
Ellis. I cannot tell the weight of it.
Q. What per hundred was you to have for it?
Ellis. They gave us a penny a pound for it.
Q. Did he ask you how you came by it?
Ellis. No: the first parcel came to about four shillings and six-pence, the whole of the three last turns came to five shillings and some odd half-pence. I was taken up about three weeks after, and was before the Justice with the two prisoners. There I declared the truth, though I was not examined so regular as I am here. The prisoner Barber said there, that he carried a piece of lead in his apron, and Speight said, he had bought lead of us, but not that came to so much money as I mentioned.
Barber. He owned before Justice Welch that I was at work at the time he took away the lead ?
Ellis. That was at another time; that was with regard to taking two troughs off another house.
Speight. When I was before the Justice, Ellis did not know me.
Ellis. I knew him as soon as he came in at the street-door.
Q. from Speight. Did you sell it to me or my wife?
Ellis. He was present, and he gave Barber two half-crowns in part of pay that night, and he paid me four shillings the first turn.
Q. What did you do with the money?
Ellis. Barber kept the two half-crown pieces, and I the other.


                  William 
                  How 
               



            . I heard what pass'd before Justice Welch. The three prisoners were together. Ellis said, he and Barber had taken the lead; he threw it down and Barber watched below; that they cut it to pieces and carried it to Mr Speight, and he acknowledged he received it.
Q. Did Ellis know Speight?

How. He did directly.
Q. from Barber. Did not Ellis own there that I was at work at the time he took the lead?
How. No, that was when he took two troughs of mine.


                  William 
                  Calcot 
               



             deposed to that of the confession of Ellis, that he told Barber, that he had swore he was at the taking the lead; that Barber then said, D - n his eyes: and when Barber was examined, he owned he did carry two or three small pieces to Speight's; and Speight owned there, that he had bought lead of them once or twice.


                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            . I heard Speight own he had bought lead of them two or three times.
Barber's Defence.
This evidence has swore falsely against me.
For Barber.


                  Roger 
                  Blagrave 
               



            . I have known Barber twenty-five years, he has done business for me. I would trust him now as soon as any one man in England.


                  Benjamin 
                  Field 
               



            . I have known him from a child I would trust him now with any thing. I always looked upon him to be a very honest man.


                  James 
                  Whittney 
               



            . I have known Barber seven years. I am a Bricklayer. He is a very honest man as far as ever I knew.


                  Thomas 
                  Hopley 
               



            . I have not known Barber a year. I never heard any thing of him, but that he is a very honest man.


                  Richard 
                  Alsum 
               



            . I have known him sixteen years, he is a very honest man as far as I know.


                  John 
                  Kent 
               



            . I have known him fifteen years, he is a very honest man for whatever I heard.


                  John 
                  Everit 
               



            . I have known him eighteen years, he has worked for me. I believe him as honest a man as any in this place.


                  Joseph 
                  Pardue 
               



            . I have known him five years, he worked for me a year and a half. I never heard any complaint of him 'till this affair, I believe him to be a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Harrop 
               



            . I have known him twenty-three years, a very honest man as far as I ever knew.


                  Esther 
                  How 
               



            . I have known him twenty-five years: I never heard but that he is a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Hickery 
               



            . I have known him nine or ten years: I looked upon him to be a very honest man.
Speight's Defence.
There was a writ out against me, and I was not at home at the time. I came home not a week before I was taken up.
For Speight.


                  Robert 
                  Cattle 
               



            . Speight lodged with me about nine months.
Speight. I lodged with this man at the time the action was out against me.
Cattle. He came to me about January last. He left me about last Bartholomew-fair time.
Prisoner. I left him on the third of September.
Q. to Cattle. Do you know of his being taken up?
Cattle. No, I do not.
Q. to Hulbert. When were the prisoners taken up?
Hulbert. I do not know: here is the Constable here.
Constable. They were taken up on the twenty-first of September.
Q. to Cattle. Was he always at your house at that time?
Cattle. He was: he never went home on Sundays: he was afraid of being arrested. He worked for his master at my house.
Mr Price. I am a master Shoemaker. Speight was my journeyman, he worked for me from March 'till he was taken up. He worked at his lodging: he lodged at Cattle's from that time 'till about Bartholomew-tide, after that he desired to have his work at his own home, he behaved very honestly, and my work was always forth coming.


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I have known Speight about twenty years: he has lived in my house six years, in James-street Grosvenor-square; he is a Shoemaker, and his wife keeps a broker's shop, sells old iron, and the like. I have ask'd him the price of things, he has always call'd his wife. I don't think he attends that business. I know he has been gone 6 or 7 months, but I took no notice of his going or coming. His wife paid me at that time. I believe he returned about a week before he was taken up: I know it was a very short time; it could not be weeks but days.


                  James 
                  Low 
               



            . I had an action out against Speight on Nov. 6. 1758. I employ'd an officer; he absconded. I renewed the writ several times, but could not take him. I went to his house in August last, in James-Street, Grosvenor-Square, and ask'd his wife if he was at home? she said he was not. I desired her to tell him to come home, and I would make up matters with him, and I would have no officers to molest him. He came down about a fortnight after to me in St. Martin's Lane. We made up matters.
Priscilla Stanley. I have known him above 20 years. He came to me about Christmas last, and told me, he was afraid of being arrested; I let him be at my house about a fortnight, before he went to the other lodging. I believe he is a very honest man. I have laid at his house since, and he has not been at home.


                  Mary 
                  Price 
               



            . He was a tenant to me before he took a house of Taylor. I always looked upon him to be an honest man as any in the world.
Mr. Edwards. I have employed him, and always looked upon him to be an honest man.


                  Arthur 
                  Poles 
               



            . I have known him 10 years: he lodg'd with me 9 months. I never heard but that he had a very good character.


                  Anne 
                  Hurles 
               



            . I have known him 16 or 17 years. I never heard any ill of him in my life. I never knew him do any other business but make shoes.


                  William 
                  Coucher 
               



            . I have known him 7 years. I believe him to be a very honest man.
Catherine Hall. I have known him 9 or 10 years. I trade in ags. His wife and I trade: he never trades in the shop. He is a very honest man.


                  William 
                  Tomkins 
               



            . I have known him above 20 years. He has work'd for me several times; I always found him honest and just.


                  Robert 
                  Halsey 
               



            . I have worked with the prisoner two years, and in that time there was always a separate trade carried on between him and his wife.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation.]


