






39, 40. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Douglass 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Cornelius 
                     Crawley 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing ten pieces of woollen cloth value 4 s. eight pieces of shalloon value 1 s. and pieces of black cloth value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sullivan 
                  




                
            , November 11
. ||


                  John 
                  Sullivan 
               



            . I keep a sale-shop
 in Rosemary-Lane


, but know nothing of the taking the goods. Douglass was taken and brought into my shop on Saturday the 11th of last month ; it was a pattern of a surtout coat, outside and lining, ready to give to a taylor to make. I have nothing to say against Crawley.
Robert Hall. I was standing opposite to the prosecutor's house, and saw Douglass stand at the corner of the window ; I saw him put his hand over and reach a parcel of black cloth, so I stepped over to him and took him into the shop. Mr. Sullivan was out at the time, but his wife sent for him, and he came. I had taken the parcel from Douglass, which Mr. Sullivan said was his property. After that he let him go, and in about a quarter of an hour after as I was going up the street I saw him, a sailor-like man, and a woman together, but lost fight of the sailor-like man and the woman, neither can I say it was Crawley. Crawley afterwards owned he was with Douglass; I there saw Douglass stoop down and pick up another bundle of cloth, so I went to him and took hold of him again; this was about 2 or 300 yards from the prosecutor's shop. I brought him back again to the shop, and shewed Mr. Sullivan that bundle, which he also said was his; this was the surtout coat. Somebody else had stopped Crawley, and he was brought to the shop, but there was nothing found on him. They were carried before the justice, where Douglass owned he took both the bundles of cloth in my hearing.
Douglass's Defence.
I was coming from the custom-house about six or seven at night, and overtook Crawley and a woman together, who were cursing and swearing about some goods which she had in her lap; I went into a house and had half a pint of beer, and coming out again I saw the woman with a pair of breeches in her lap. Crawley came and gave me the things they have been talking of, and desired me to hold them, saying, he'd come to me in about three minutes; then that man came and took hold on me, and took me to the gentleman's house. Then the woman went off with what she had got.
Douglass 

               guilty
            .
Crawley 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


