





352. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Townsend 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two silk handkerchiefs, one linen handkerchief; two women's caps, a water pail, value 3 s. 9 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hitchcock 
                  




                
            , April 27
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Hitchcock 
               



            . I am a perriwig-maker
, in Aldersgate-street


: The prisoner came to do business one day at our house while we were without a servant, she was recommended to me by the mistress of the work-house. I saw the goods mentioned, with more, lie folded up in a tray with a cloth over them. My wife went to the mistress of the work-house, and told her, the girl had been at our house on the 27th of April in the morning and was gone, and the things mentioned missing. The mistress of the workhouse found the prisoner, and brought her to our house in the evening of that day. The prisoner fell down on her knees, and said, she was sorry for what she had done; and that she had sold two handkerchiefs in Ragfair, one for fourpence, the other for sixpence; also, that she had sold the cap and pail, but to whom, or for what, I can't tell. She had one cap and handkerchief on at that time, the handkerchief I can sware to. My wife could not come.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Wood 
               



            . I am mistress of the workhouse : Mrs. Hitchcock came to me, and desired I would help her to a person to be with her for a fortnight. I recommended the prisoner to her, she staid three or four days, but lay at our house on nights. She went out from us in the morning, on the 27th of April, between six and seven o'clock, and between eight and nine Mrs. Hitchcock came to me, and told me, the girl had been there and lighted a fire, and then went out; and that she had taken some things away. I knowing she us'd to run away from her master where she was an apprentice, and us'd to lie in the glass-house at Ragfair, I went there and found her, and brought her to the prosecutor. She said, she had sold two handkerchiefs, and had bought some salmon. This handkerchief, and a cap, were on her. She fell down on her knees and beg'd forgiveness.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


