





211. (M) 
               
                  Mary, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Whittaker 
                     



                  , otherwise 
Mary Slade




            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing one silk gown, value 18 s. one poplin petticoat, 29 damask napkins, value 29 s. 10 diaper napkins, two china punch-bowls, 6 delph punch-bowls, one looking-glass, one pewter sauce-boat, one pewter spoon, one brass candlestick, one copper stew pan, one linnen apron, one cambrick handkerchief, three linnen handkerchief, one muslin hood, one piece of brocade, one huckaback table-cloth, and two drinking glasses, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Cowling 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Richard
            , March 28
. ++
Mary Cowling. I live at the Griffin in Holbourn


. I hired the prisoner as a chairwoman
, who work'd as such for me 14 days, I missed things daily, but could not tell which way they went. We had intelligence from 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Newton 
               



            , our servant, of some of them being in the prisoner's room; on which we got a constable and a search warrant, and in searching the room, we found the poplin petticoat, 18 damask napkins, (I lost 29 in all, they cost me 2 s. 6 d. a piece ) two china bowls, six delph ones. a looking-glass, a pewter sauce-boat, a pewter spoon, a brass candlestick. a copper stew-pan, a linnen apron, a cambrick handkerchief, a muslin hood, a piece of brocade, a huckaback tablecloth, and two drinking glasses ; but the gown and my best damask linnen are not yet found. The goods found produced in Court and depos'd to.



                  Thomas 
                  Newton 
               



            . I live servant with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Cowling 
               



            , I went out for pots, and called at the prisoner's house for some: I saw a butter cup or sauce-boat stand on her corner cupboard, which I imagin'd to be my master's; and also saw a brass candlestick in a little cupboard by the fire-side, which I was positive was my master's, and as we used to miss things every day, I told my mistress, who got a search warrant, and I went with my mistress and the constable, where we found the goods my mistress has mentioned, in the prisoner's room.
Q. Did the prisoner say any thing how she came by them?
Newton. She said but little; she said she knew she was in a fault and was sorry for it.
Q. How long was this after she had done charing at your house, that you found these things?
Newton. It was almost three weeks after, but she had used to come for a pint of beer now and then.


                  Thomas 
                  Lucas 
               



            . I am constable, and executed the Warrant; they searched on the Thursday and Friday, but I was there only on the Thursday; I saw most of the goods found.
Prisoner's Defence.
The man that is the evidence against me brought these goods into my room one night, and told me they came out of the country.
Newton. I never was in her room but twice in my life.
Mary Cowling. Our servant Newton is as honest a fellow as ever liv'd. I dare trust him with all I have. These things were taken at different times.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


