





160. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Scott 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two cambrick caps, value 4 s. seven linnen caps, value 3 s. one cotton gown, value 4 s. one linnen apron, one cambrick handkerchief, one linnen shift, one bible, one book of common-prayer, one cotton bed-gown, one woollen petticoat, one linnen petticoat, one tinderbox, one saucepan, one looking-glass, five shifts, one callimanco petticoat, two aprons, one linnen handkerchief, and two guineas
            , the goods and money of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Taylor 
                  




                
            , widow
; March 2
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I was left a widow in Liverpool with three small children; I was coming to London, and met with the prisoner; she said she was going to London, and she had no money, but she had good relations in London; she offered to sell me a cap for two-pence being in great want; we came to London together.
Q. How far did you come together?
Taylor. From Coventry. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment about two miles on the other side Barnet


.
Q. Who carried the things?
Taylor. She had them to carry. I was to maintain her for carrying them for me.
Q. What was in the bundle?
***The Second Part of these Proceedings will be published in a few Days.






THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON, And also the Gaol Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX, HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 25th, Thursday the 26th, and Friday the 27th of APRIL, 1759.
In the Thirty-second Year of His MAJESTY'S Reign. NUMBER IV. PART II. for the YEAR 1759. Being the fourth SESSIONS in the MAYORALTY of. The Right Honble Sir 
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GLYN 
                  



               , Knt. LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
LONDON:
Printed, and sold by M. COOPER, at the Globe in Pater-noster-Row. 1759.
[Price Four-pence.]

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery held for the City of LONDON, &c.



                  MARY 
                  TAYLOR 
               



            . There were two cambrick caps, seven linnen caps, a cotton gown, a linnen apron, a cambrick handkerchief, a linnen shift, a bible, a common-prayer-book, a cotton bed-gown, a linnen petticoat, a woollen petticoat, a tinder-box, a tin saucepan, a looking-glass, five other linnen shifts, a callimancoe petticoat, two other linnen aprons, a linnen handkerchief, and two guineas in money, in a check handkerchief.
Q. At what town did you miss these goods?
Taylor. I do not remember the name of the town; I was looking for a lodging, and I left the prisoner to look after my three children, which I had with me at a door, and when I came back again she was gone, and took the bundle, and left my children there. I asked my children where she was, they said she was gone, but they knew not where. I pursu'd her to London.
Q. When was this that she left you?
Taylor. It was on the twenty-fifth of February, being on a sunday. On the twenty-seventh I saw her at the Windmill near Hick's Hall: she had been taken up by the directions of my daughter, who had seen her at Islington.
Q. How old is your daughter ?
Taylor. She is fifteen years of age. I told the constable, the cloaths that the prisoner had on was mine.
Q. What cloaths?
Taylor. A gown, a shirt, an apron, an handkerchief, and a cap. They were taken from her. Produc'd in court, and depos'd to. I got some more trifling things, which were sold at Hampstead.
Q. How came you to find them there?
Taylor. The prisoner told me she had sold them there. The constable and I went there and found them.
Q. What is the person's name where you found them ?
Taylor. I do not know. He is a broker. A bible, common-prayer-book, and some small things, produc'd in court.
Q. Did you ever get any more of your things?
Taylor. No.
Q. Can you swear these things to be your's; and that they were in the bundle that you lost?
Taylor. I can. They are my property, and were part of the bundle which the prisoner own'd she took away.


                  Thomas 
                  Aldershaw 
               



            . I am constable; the prosecutrix's girl followed the prisoner, as she said, from Islington, and call'd out stop thief, and she was stopped just at my door. After she was in my charge, she confessed to me the taking the several things mentioned in the indictment. She told me, she had sold the bible and common-prayer-book, and these other things, at a house near the sign of the sun; I can't justly remember the particular things she mentioned. There were several small things belonging to the children; a bed-gown, and other things. The prosecutrix and I went to Hampstead, and saw the things lying in a window, and she swore to them, before she went into the shop. We had a search-warrant, and went and demanded them, and they were delivered to her.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the bundle. I have nothing more to say.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


