






264, 265. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Nesbit 
                  



                
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  wife of 
                        
                           John 
                           Parnell 
                        









            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one pewter pint pot, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Buckland 
                        



                      
                  , and one pint pot, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hodges 
                  



                
            , and the second for 


               receiving them, knowing them to be stolen
            , March 9

. *
Edward Buckland. I keep an ale-house
, and had missed pots often; I had a suspicion of the prisoner, Nesbit, I took her up on the 9 th of March, she confess'd stealing them, and selling them to the other prisoner. We got a warrant and search'd Parnell's house , her husband went backwards into the yard and run away; in the house we found some lead old and new; in a closet we found a large quantity of pint and quart pots, squeez'd together and the names ras'd out, so that we could not tell who they belonged to, and amongst them the two pots mentioned in the indictment. They were produced in court, and depos'd to by both Buckland and Hodges, their names upon each. We took the prisoners before the Justice, there Nesbit said, she never sold any but what she sold to Parnell. Parnell said, she never bought any but what she bought of Nesbit.
Q. Did Nesbit confess stealing your pint pot mentioned in the indictment?
Buckland. No, my Lord: This I lost, I suppose, on the Thursday or Friday, and it was found again on the Saturday.


                  John 
                  Hodges 
               



            . About twelve o'clock, May 9, I had a pint of beer from my own house; I keep an ale-house, and work at a glass-house
; I empty'd the pot and put it down behind me, in a little time I miss'd it; this Nesbit was in the glasshouse just before. I was with the other evidence in searching Parnell's house, and found it there in about two hours after it was lost. Nesbit confess'd she sold a quart pot and mine together to Parnell for ten-pence. Mrs. Parnell lives but about 400 yards from my house.
Nesbit 


               guilty 10 d
            . which being petty larceny, to which there can be no accessary, Parnell was 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


