





100. (M.) 
               
                  Robert 
                  Sparrow 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 6 silver spoons, value 6 s. 3 linen shifts, value 3 s. and 2 pair of linen sleeves
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Fitzhenry 
                  




                
            , Dec. 7
 + .


                  James 
                  Fitzhenry 
               



            . I keep a publick house
, the prisoner came in while we were at supper; he said he was very ill and had eat but a little victuals for a long time; I gave him a slice of meat: after I had done supper I took a candle and went up stairs; when I was above, I heard the two pair of stairs door make a great noise by slaping too. I went up and there stood the prisoner; I had not missed him from below before; I asked him what he was doing there? he said, nothing at all; I called to my man, he came up, and we search'd the prisoner; we found the shifts in his bosom with the sleeves, and the spoons in his pocket.
Q. What did the prisoner say for himself?
Fitzhenry. He said nothing, but beg'd for mercy and said the devil tempted him to do it. I took him to the round-house, and the next day to Justice Fielding, and he was committed.
Q. What did he say there?
Fitzhenry. He made no defence, but own'd he took the things.


                  William 
                  Sutton 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; he knock'd with his foot and I went up stairs, and found him and the prisoner contesting together; master bid me go and see if his room door was broke open. I went and found it was; I told my master, and he bid me stand by the prisoner to see that he did not drop any thing; while we were searching him, the shifts and sleeves fell from him, and I found the spoons in his left coat pocket; he made no defence, but lay down with his hands and knees to the boards and said nothing.
Prisoner's defence.
I was very much in liquor and know nothing how I came up stairs, or how the things came to be about me; I had been ill a long time, and a little eating and drinking overcame me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


