






126. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Swinney 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven pair of mens thread stockings, value 17 s. and twelve pair of childrens yarn stockings, value 7 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Yates 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said William, privately
            , Feb. 13
. ++


                  William 
                  Yates 
               



            . I am in another business: my wife keeps a Hosiers-shop
: I lost seven pair of brown thread stockings yesterday was fortnight, and twelve pair of childrens stockings.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
Yates. She came into my shop when I came home to dinner.
Q. Did you know her before?
Yates. I never see her before to my knowledge: she asked for a yard of quality binding, of a penny a yard, my wife served her.
Q. Where was you then?
Yates. I was in a little parlour near the shop: she bought a yard of binding; my wife turned her back and said she was robbed, after the prisoner was gone; I pursued the prisoner.
Q. Had she been gone out long?
Yates. She was just gone out of the shop: I ran down the alley, and just as I got through the alley I saw her, and cried out stop thief; she fell to running; she threw one bundle away; I still pursued her; a little time after she dropped another bundle; I did not take up the bundles, but overtook her about the middle of Bury-street; I brought her back to my house, and the bundles were brought back by another person.
Q. Did you open the bundles afterwards?
Yates. I did before my Lord-Mayor.
Q. What did the prisoner say there?
Yates. She said she never saw the bundles.
Q. How many pair of stockings were there?
Yates. There were seven pair of mens thread, and twelve pair of childrens stockings.
Q. Can you swear to the stockings ?
Yates. No: but I can to the mark upon the paper, that they were in. I can very safely say they were my goods and taken out of my shop. The stockings produced in court the paper in which they were in was dirty. Here is the dirt upon the paper, that was occasioned by their being dropped in the street.
Q. In whose custody have they been since?
Yates. My Lord-Mayor delivered them to me to produce here on the trial.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the woman that came into your shop at that time ?
Yates. I am.
Q. Did you see her drop the stockings?
Yates. I did, both parcels: the first she dropped before she came to the corner, and the other a few yards distance.


                  Susannah 
                  Yates 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner?
Sus. Yates. I have known her I believe about three months: she came into my shop on the 13th of this instant February; I did not see her take the stockings, but I am sure they were in the hole where they usually lie, when she came into the shop, and they were gone when she was gone; she came in for a pennyworth of quality binding; she has come before and her errand was generally for a half-pennyworth of tape, or a yard of quality binding.
Q. Had you any other customers in your shop at that time?
Sus. Yates. No, I had not: our shop has a counter on one side, and the stockings lie on that side that the counter is not on; when I missed the stockings, I called out I was robbed; my husband ran out and she and the two bundles were soon brought in; I know the stockings to be my property; the stockings were brought in by a child about eleven years old, so not capable of swearing.


                  Sarah 
                  Alderman 
               



            . I was coming down stairs with dinner.
Q. Where do you live?
Alderman. I live servant with Mr. Yates: I saw the prisoner at the bar in our shop; she asked for some quality binding; I put the dinner on the table, then I heard my mistress say that she was robbed; my master and I made all the haste we could after her; she was just gone out; she was walking along; I called out, stop thief, then she set up a run; then I saw her drop one bundle of stockings, and soon after I saw her drop another; she was taken and brought back to our house.
Q. Did she come back willingly ?
Alderman. She was not unwilling to come: she was charged with taking the two bundles, which were also brought back.
Q. What answer did she make?
Alderman. She said she was never in the shop?
Q. Had you ever seen her before?
Alderman. Yes: I had seen her several times in our shop before then.
Prisoner's defence.
On the 13th of February I very well remember, it being my birth-day; I was going through the alley; I was never in it before above once in my life; there was a man and a woman ran by me; I heard a voice call stop thief. I declare I never was in the prosecutor's shop in my life; a little boy came and laid hold on my cloak, and two women came and beat me very grossly; the man said, you bitch I will make you pay for all I have lost, I have been robbed several times; these were his words I protest, was I never to speak no more.
Q. to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Alderman 
               



            . Are you sure this is the person that was in your master's shop at that time?
Alderman. I am sure she is the same, I saw her plain, and have seen her there before; and I saw her drop the bundles from under her cloak.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


