





293. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Scolfield 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 25 pounds wt. of Indigo, value 7 l. 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Cox 
                  




                
            , it was laid over again to be the property of persons unknown, April 15
.*
Nicholas Cox. I live in Billitar-lane, the prisoner was my servant
 from the first of June, 'till this affair, which was on the 15th of April; he work'd in my warehouse, where I had Indigo of other persons, for which I was accountable. I was informed, by an evidence that is here, he offered some Indigo to sale: I took him up, after which he owned he took eight pounds out of a cask of Messrs. Isaac and 
               
                  Moses 
                  Mendez 
               



            , (part of the quantity he is here charged with) and that he pick'd the rest up at different times in the warehouse, pretending that as a perquisite, which is never allow'd by any. We have had the weight of that cask from the water-side and weigh'd it, and find a very great deficiency in it.
Q. Upon what condition are these goods put into your warehouse ?
Cox. We either let them as warehouses by the year, or they pay so much by the week for the cask: This was in that light.


                  George 
                  Holdroy 
               



            . I am a dyer, and live in Snow-fields, Southwark, on the 15th of April the prisoner brought in a bag a parcel of Indigo to sell.
Q. Did you know him before ?
Holdroy I never saw him but once before, and that was last October. I asked him how much there was; he said there was about 27 pounds, I weigh'd it, it weigh'd 25. He said he had it to sell for another man. He ask'd 5 s. 8 d. per pound, I agreed to give him 5 s. 2 d. Then I told him I could not pay him then, but should be ready for him in two or three days. The next morning I acquainted my master with it, and that by the prisoner giving me a printed paper of a sale of Indigo and other goods, to be at Garraway's coffee-house, I suspected he belong'd to some warehouse, and it was stolen ; for he said he was to set the goods ready to be shewed, &c. He said he lived in the Minories. I consulted my master, who advised me to get a constable against he came for his money, which I did, and a warrant from Justice Hammond: he came on the 17th. The Indigo is now at my house with some gentlemen's seals on it. I have also a bill of parcels of the prisoner's making. I carried him before Justice Hammond, there he said he had it to sell for one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Davison 
               



            .


                  Samuel 
                  Petty 
               



             and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Turner 
               



             deposed, they were with the prisoner in Bridewell, and heard him confess he took eight pounds of the Indigo out of Messrs. Moses and 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Mendez 
               



            's cask, and that he had pick'd the rest up in the warehouse at different times.
To his Character.


                  John 
                  Charleton 
               



            . I have known him a good many years, he has always bore a good character. I never heard any thing amiss before this.


                  Alice 
                  Nutter 
               



            . I have known him a great many years in the country, and since I came to town, I never knew or heard any ill of him.


                  William 
                  Hilton 
               



            . I knew him an apprentice in the country, he always bore a very good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


