





31. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Crowther 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a saw, value 2 s 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Scott 
                  




                
            , November 27
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Scott 
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and was at work at a warehouse in Pudding-lane


. I happened to step out for about 2 or 3 minutes to my house, which is within sight of the place, and as I was coming out of my own door, I saw the prisoner come out of the place where I work'd; he ran away upon seeing me pursue him, and clap'd the saw down by a door way I ran and took hold of him, and brought him back, and my saw was found about a hundred yard from the place whence he took it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  How 
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar, (when Mr. Scott was pursuing him) set the saw down at a door in Pudding-lane. opposite where I live (produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Charles 
                  Mortly 
               



            . The prisoner was brought down to my house, I am a constable. I carried him before the sitting alderman, where he seem'd to confess at last; he was willing to go for a soldier, but they would not accept of him, he being too old.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been from Clerkenwell to the Borough, and as I was coming back again, a gentleman said I have got an old packing case; if you will make it a little less I will pay you for your labour; I said, I had no too about me; he said if I had a saw, he could help me to a hammer. I went to this place, (what Mr. Scott says is true) but there was nobody there or I would have asked them to have lent me one. I tell the truth, I took the saw in my hand with intent to do the job and then return it, not with intent to keep it the least in the world; I should not have been gone half an hour with it.




               Guilty, 10 d
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


