





2. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Steadman 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 15 pounds weight of sugar, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Oliver 
                  




                
            . Oct. 30
. ++ Edward Kider. [Text unreadable in original.] I by the water side. to me at the bottom of and said there was a p went and saw a man in it was the prisoner.
Mr. Page. On the [Text unreadable in original.]30th prisoner come down out of the a coat cross his arm. I thought he have something about him that he should I went towards him, he turned up the again.
Q. What stairs were these?
Page. They belong to Summer's key buildings. I followed and laid hold on him. he had a pair of dirty trousers on, I asked him what he had got there. He said a little bit of sugar. There were sugars above. I found in his coat a red cap with sugar in it. As we were carrying him to the Counter, we had the sugar weighed at a butcher's shop, it weighed 15 pounds and a half cap and all.
Q. What is the owner of the sugar above.
Page. Mr. Richard Oliver a merchant.
Q. Had the prisoner us'd to do business in those buildings?
Page. He us'd to work as a labourer on the key. We took him from the Poultrey-Counter before an Alderman, there the prisoner said he found it by the sides of the hogsheads.
Q. Is it usual to lie loose about in such quanties?
Page. No: it is not.
Prisoner's defence. I was imploy'd as a labourer in the ware-houses
, I went early in the morning to go to work, and pull'd off my cloaths as usual, one of my partners said to me what's in that cap, he took it up and said it was a cap full of sugar, he said take it down. I was first down stairs, when I came to the bottom of the stairs Mr Page asked me what I had got there. I said it was a cap full of sugar, and I came down to know whose it was, it was not my cap, I wear my own hair.
Q. to Page. Do you know whose cap it was?
Page. No: I do not.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner wear such a cap?
Page. No: not to my knowledge.
open in his it was concealed in his coat.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


