



























330, 331, 332, 333, 334. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Brent 
                     Coleman 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Roberts 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Gregory 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one silver mug, value 1 l. 10 s. one pair of silver salts, value 10 s. twelve silver spoons, value 10 s. one pair of silver tea tongs, value 1 s. two silver punch ladles, one pair of silver snuffers, one silver cream pot, one metal watch with a shagreen case, three china bowls, one pair of stays, two ounces of gold lace, and two china cups and saucers, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rayner 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Virgoe 
                     



, August 27





: And 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Jacobs 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving one silver mug, one pair of silver salts, twelve silver spoons, two silver punch ladles, and one pair of silver snuffers, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            : And 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Pettit 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving three china bowls, and two china cups and saucers, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            . +


                  William 
                  Rayner 
               



            . I live in Great Queen-Street







, at the house of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Virgoe 
               



            , and was out of town when my lodgings were broke open, and the goods mention'd in the indictment (mentioning them by name) were stolen; the pair of stays was in a one pair of stairs room; the plate was in a drawer, which was not lock'd, but the room door was lock'd.
Q. When did you go out of town?
Rayner. I went out of town, I think, the last day of July, and upon receiving a letter from my agent Mr. Fripps, I came to town last Sunday was se'n-night. My lodgings are at a coachmaker's shop. I keep a house to carry on business in the printing way



. I found the room door lock broke, but the plate was not all taken away; there was as much plate left as is worth about one hundred pounds. I was at Mr. Fielding's on the last day of the prisoners examination, and he bound me over to prosecute. The evidence here can give a farther account.


                  Thomas 
                  Parker 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took this watch of Gregory, and Eddows was along with him. It is a shagreen watch with a gold dial plate. (Producing it.)
Q. Did you know Gregory before?
Parker. I knew him some time before that.
Q. What is he?
Parker. He is a second-hand shoemaker.
Q. What is a second-hand shoemaker?
Parker. That is a cobler.
Q. Did you know Eddows before?
Parker. I have seen him several times with Gregory.
Q. Where do you live?
Parker. I live in Wych-Street.
Q. to Prosecutor. Look at this watch.
Prosecutor. This is my watch, and was taken out of my room.


                  Richard 
                  Eddows 
               



            . The first time we open'd Mr. Rayner's chamber was on a Sunday; there were Gregory, Roberts, and I.
Q. Where do you live.
Eddows. I live in the house of Mr. Virgoe, a coach-maker; Mr. Rayner's lodgings is in the same house.
Q. Had you any conversation about it before hand?

Eddows. Gregory and I had; I let him in. He call'd to see me one Sunday in the afternoon, and he and I went up.
Q. What day of the month?
Eddows. It is about five or six weeks ago, and Roberts came into the room to us in about half an hour.
Q. How did you get in?
Eddows. We open'd the door with a nail; that time we took out a bundle of gold lace, a paper snuff box, some little bits of silver, and a set of ear rings.
Prosecutor. The ear rings are not in the indictment.
Eddows. I went into the room a second time, that was on a Sunday, about a fortnight after, Gregory and Coleman were with me then. Then we took ten small silver table spoons, a silver pint mug, a silver boat, a silver cream pot, Mr. Rayner's coat of arms were upon them all; we took them away, and came again in the afternoon. Then we took four large spoons out of a case in a closet, some rum, a cannister, a pair of silver snuffers, some tea spoons, a silver strainer, and two punch ladies. We open'd a buroe and took out of it a purse with four gold rings.
Prosecutor. The rings are not in the indictment.
Eddows. We took a crown piece, some silver groats and three pences, to the amount of about four shillings. Then we went up into the two pair of stairs room, we had found the key of that room in the one pair of stairs room, we open'd a box and took out a shagreen watch, with a gold dial plate, the same as is here produced, and a diamond ring.
Prosecutor. The diamond ring is not in the indictment.
Eddows. Then we open'd the back room, and took two laced waistcoats, and a black velvet one, a china punch bowl, two small ones, and two small cups, one pair of stays, and three shifts.
Prosecutor. The shifts are not in the indictment.
Q. Had Coleman and Gregory been acquainted before?
Eddows. They had been together before in other things. Coleman brought Gregory with him. We could not tell where to sell the plate till we got acquainted with 
               
                  Michael 
                  Jacobs 
               



             the Jew at the bar. When we carried the first plate to him, he said, if we brought all to him he would sell it for us, and it would be as staunch (meaning as safe) as if we threw it into the sea. He went and sold it, and brought as the money. We carry'd that to him which had the arms on it, and the rest was broke to pieces, and sold to silversmiths.
Q. Who had the money, and how much did you take of the Jew ?
Eddows. I believe we took of him about nine pounds. Gregory and Coleman had the money of him, they went to his house, and staid till he went and sold it. I had two pounds, three or four shillings for my part. Roberts had one shilling.
Q. What did you make of the other silver?
Eddows. I don't know. Gregory and I sold a large china punch bowl, and a couple of cups and saucers to Pettit at the bar. Coleman was along with us.
Q. Where does Pettit live?
Eddows. He keeps the Coach and Horses in the Strand, where the coaches use to resort. We told him they came from on board an East-Indiaman: it is the house where we used to spend most of our money. He did not doubt but what we said was truth. Gregory kept a cellar underneath his house, where he mended and sold old shoes. Gregory, Coleman and I, were taken up for a robbery, and carried before Mr. Fielding. Roberts ran away.
Q. from Jacobs. Whether that witness ever received any money of me, or ever saw any goods upon me?
Eddows. The next morning after we sold him the goods, he shew'd me a box of tweezers, which he had broke to pieces to sell.
Q. Had you ever any conversation with Roberts about robbing these lodgings?
Eddows. I never had.
Q. What goods did you take after Roberts came in?
Eddows. A bunch of lace, a set of paste earrings, a paper snuff box, and some rum.
Q. Was Roberts ever with you there afterwards?
Eddows. No, never.
Council. The lace is laid but at five shillings in the indictment.
Coleman's Defence.
I know nothing of the affair, any farther than this: I was coming down Queen-street one Sunday, and saw Eddows coming out of the house with a bundle. He said he had got some plate, and desired me to carry it to Gregory's cellar, which I did, and left it there, and know no more. I never had a farthing for any thing.
Roberts's Defence.
I never received a farthing.

Gregory's Defence:
This young man (meaning Coleman) brought a bundle and left it in my cellar, and Eddows fetch'd it away; and he desired me to go and pawn the watch, which I did, and put it in his name. What he has accused me of I am innocent of. I never received any part of the money.
Jacobs's Defence.
I am very well known for many years to live honestly in this city. I never did a bad thing. I am as innocent as a child of a year old. Sometimes I go about the streets to buy with a shilling, sometimes eighteen-pence, but seldom more.
Pettit's Defence.
What the evidence has said concerning me is very true.
For Coleman.


                  Thomas 
                  Gibons 
               



            . I have known Coleman seven or eight years, he has work'd for me within these four months.
Q. What is he ?
Gibons. A coach carver. He always kept his time, and minded his work very well.
Q. What is his general character?
Gibons. I take it to be very good, for what I know.


                  Robert 
                  Swannel 
               



            . Coleman work'd with me three months. He always kept his time very well; he had once before work'd with me for two months. I always took him to be a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I have known Coleman seven years; I know nothing at all but that he was very honest.
Q. Have you known him lately?
Jackson. I have known him within these three months; I live next door to his grandfather that brought him up.


                  William 
                  Coleman 
               



            . I have known Coleman about six years till lately.
Q. Is he a relation of yours?
Coleman. No, none at all. I have spent many an evening with him, I never heard any thing bad of him.


                  Jonathan 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I have known Coleman eversince he was about five years old, I am a lamp lighter. I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life.
Mr. Foster. I have known Coleman above twelve years; I never knew but that he was a very honest young man, and always thought him so.


                  William 
                  Wright 
               



            . I have known him some time; he bears a good character. He has work'd for me, and has had an opportunity of wronging me, but never did to my knowledge; I know no ill of him.
Mr. Ayres. Coleman work'd for me last winter, and the spring of the year. He always behav'd as well with me as any young man could, six days in the week early and late, and lay in the house when too late to go home, and he might have done me great diskindness if he had been so minded.


                  Francis 
                  Miller 
               



            . I have known Coleman seven years and above, I never heard any harm of him. I have known Roberts also these two years; I always thought he had a good character. He has been in my house a great many times.
Q. What are you?
Miller. I am an harness maker by trade, and keep a publick house.
For Roberts.


                  Samuel 
                  Butler 
               



            . I live in Great Queen-street. I have known Roberts two or three years, since he has been apprentice. He has an extraordinary good character. I always understood him to be a very honest lad.
Mrs. Straban. Roberts is my husband's apprentice (he is a barber) and has been almost seven years, during which time he has had a very good character. We never knew him wrong us in all that time. He is a very quiet sober lad. His time will be out in January next.


                  William 
                  Boyce 
               



            . I am a coach maker; I knew Roberts since he first came apprentice in our neighbourhood. He is a very obliging lad. He has had an opportunity of taking five times as much out of my house every day. I always took him to be very honest.
Mr. Scot. I live in Queen-street, next door to Roberts's master. I have known him ever since he was apprentice. He is a very honest sober lad, I never heard any ill thing of him. He has been at my house backwards and forwards.


                  Edward 
                  Rooker 
               



            . I have known him about two years and upwards. He always was a very honest lad.
Mr. Best. I have known Roberts about three years. His behaviour was very good as far as I know. I never heard a bad thing of him before this time.

Mr. Pitts. I have known Roberts near seven years; he has been at my house a great many times. He is a very honest sober young fellow. I never heard any dishonest thing of him till this time.
Mr. Pemberton. I keep the Queen's Head Tavern, Queen-street. I have known Roberts seven or eight years.
Q. What is his general character?
Pemberton. As good as any man need to have. He has been in my house to shave people when money has lain on the table. I never knew him do any ill thing. He was a diligent lad in his master's business.
Mr. Bailey. I live in Great Queen-Street, and have known Roberts from the first day he came apprentice. He always behaved sober, and in as good a manner as any young fellow in the world.
For Gregory.


                  Edward 
                  Ward 
               



            . I have known Gregory some years, and I always took him to be a very honest man.


                  Thomas 
                  Knight 
               



            . I have known Gregory from a child; he was always an honest young man. I never knew him to go before a justice in my life before.


                  Daniel 
                  Loveless 
               



            . I have known Gregory between eight and nine years. He has a good character.


                  John 
                  Bredau 
               



            . I have known him between six and seven years. He always had a good character till now.


                  Thomas 
                  Camden 
               



            . I have known Gregory from between four and five years of age. I never knew any harm of him till now.
For Pettit.
Mr. Addington. I know Mr. Pettit, he is a housekeeper and a man of credit. I have dealt with him for hundreds of pounds, and I would trust him with a thousand pounds tomorrow.
Coleman and Gregory



               Guilty
            , 



               Death
            .
Roberts 

               acquitted
            .
Jacobs 

               guilty
            .
Pettit 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


(M.) 
               
                  Brent 
                  Coleman 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Roberts 
               



             were a second time indicted, for that 


               they in a certain field or open place, near the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Saunders 
                        



                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person one silver watch, value 10 s. and 12 s. in money, his property, and against his will
            , August 27





. +.
William Saunders. On the 27th of August, a little after ten, I was coming from Highgate to London, through a field where is a gravel path, near the Half-way House, called Mother Red Cap's







.
Q. Was it light or dark?
Saunders. It was a very moon-light night.
Q. Was you in company or alone?
Saunders. I was alone; there were four men one of them came up, laid hold of my collar, and demanded my money; two of them drew out a pistol; I beg'd of them to put the pistols aside, for I could not bear to be in such fear; they laid them on the ground while they took the money out of my pocket; two or three of them had their hands in my pocket.
Q. What money did you lose?
Saunders. They took about 13 s. from me, and unbuckled my shoes, but seeing my buckles were not silver they did not take them. Then they took my stock off, and after that my watch out of my fob. Then they cut my breeches down at the waistband, and went off towards Mother Red Cap's. I beg'd and pray'd of them to give me my watch again. They ask'd me where I lived. I told them. They said they would send it me very soon, so I went home.
Q. Have you seen your watch since?
Saunders. I have. I went the next morning and gave a description of the men, and the colour of their cloaths to Mr. Fielding.
Q. How did you describe them?
Saunders. Two in dark, and two in light brown cloaths, with clean shirts and cravats on, and all sticks in their hands; and some of the sticks had knobs to them.
Q. Did you see them before they attacked you?
Saunders. I saw them all coming up the field very clearly before they came to me; three of them were taken the same night, that I gave information of them in the day. Last Tuesday was a week I saw them before justice Fielding, where they were in the same cloaths that they had on when they rob'd me. I can take upon me to say that two of them at the bar are the men; they appear to be like two of them, and Gregory as another.
Q. Why is he not at the bar?
Saunders. He is in the indictment by a wrong christian name; it was a mistake in drawing it up. Edward instead of Richard, so he is not put to the bar now.



                  George 
                  Grace 
               



            . Mr. Saunders came to Mr. Fielding's last Sunday was a week, in the morning, and gave a description of four men, that he said rob'd him the night before; the justice had sent out men, and they were quite tired, so he desired I would go out on this occasion, which I did; it was on a Sunday night. We met them in the second field from Mother Red Cap's, and went directly up to them. As soon as they saw us they drop'd down one pistol.
Q. What time of the night was this?
Grace. It was near eleven o'clock.
Q. Was it light or dark?
Grace. It was duskish. We took three of them, Roberts made his escape.
Q. What three?
Grace. Coleman, Gregory, and Eddows. We carried them to New-Prison, and the next morning to justice Fielding. Coleman was dressed as he is now, and I believe Roberts was dressed then as now. Two men set out after him the next morning, and took and brought him to the justice. I went to Pettit's house, where I found Gregory lived, and thought to find Roberts there. Pettit ask'd me if I would see Gregory's lodging, which was in a cellar. I went into it, and there I found this watch (producing a silver watch) under the bolster of his bed.
Q. Who was with you when you found it?
Grace. Nobody but Pettit. Gregory was then in New-Prison. (He produces a borse pistol also.) This one of them drop'd, but I know not which.
Q. to prosecutor. Look upon this watch.
Prosecutor. This is the very same watch that I lost that night.
Q. What Gregory was that which you took?
Grace. It was that 
               
                  Richard 
                  Gregory 
               



             who was cast upon the other indictment.
Cross Examination.
Q. What was your business out that night?
Grace. I was sent with others in order to apprehend these people which were described, that committed the robbery in these fields.
Q. How often had you gone out on such occasions?
Grace. I never went before in my life.
Q. Who did you say ran away?
Grace. Roberts did.
Q. How far was you from the man that ran away ?
Grace. I was about eight or ten yards distance from him.
Q. Are you sure it was he ?
Grace. I think I am certain of him; he was in the same dress as when at Mr. Fielding's, and the same as now.


                  Richard 
                  Eddows 
               



            . I was in company with the two prisoners at the bar and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Gregory 
               



             on a Saturday night the day before we were taken. Gregory, Coleman, and I met Saunders in the field coming from the Half-way-house, call'd Mother Red Cap's; he was coming to London about ten o'clock at night. I held him. Gregory and Coleman pull'd out two pistols, and held them to his breast. Gregory pull'd 13 s. out of his pocket, and Coleman took his watch. Roberts unbuckled his shoes, but the buckles were not silver, so he let them alone. Then he unbuckled his stock buckle, which was silver, but he begging hard for it he gave it to him again. There were two handkerchiefs in his pocket, which, I believe, Gregory and Coleman took out. We cut his breeches down and left him. He ran after us with his breeches about his heels, and ask'd us to let him have his watch again, which we told him he should have on Monday. The next morning we all four went on board a ship, but did not stay long there. We took a coach and came to Pettit's, where we had two or three pots of beer, and shared the remainder of the money that was left. Gregory had the watch of Coleman, and left it in his cellar, where we were that afternoon. I saw it put under Gregory's pillow, and then Gregory ask'd us to go along with him on the same account again that night, so we were taken.
Q. to Grace. Who took Roberts?
Grace. Mr. Marsden took him.


                  William 
                  Marsden 
               



            . I live with Mr. Fielding, and was sent with Mr. Grace in order to apprehend four persons which the prosecutor had described, at about half an hour after ten, on a Sunday night.
Q. Was it light or dark?
Marsden. It was as light almost as noon day. It was agreed upon amongst us for one of us to be rob'd, and I was the person pitch'd upon for that purpose. I was the first person that came up with them. There were Gregory that has been tried, Coleman, Roberts, and Eddows. Roberts ran away, and we took the other three.
Q. Are you sure it was Roberts that ran away?
Marsden. From the first time I saw him I knew him ever after. Eddows's father applied to me and said, if his son could be admitted an evidence, he would apply to the taking the other that had ran away; so he gave information where he was to be found, and that his mother had been seen at the Magpye near Bishopsgate, where I went and saw Roberts sitting in the corner of the room. He had a coat on with brass and steel buttons, and in the cellar, under Pettit's house, I saw the waistcoat that fellow'd it. I went and sat down by him and said, you are one of the persons that got away last night, and if you will go quietly with me, I'll call a coach and take you home.
Coleman's Defence.
I never saw Saunders before I saw him at Mr. Fielding's, nor the watch neither; I was not in the fields the night Saunders mentions, nor was I in company with Eddows.
Robert's Defence.
I never saw the watch in my life. This young fellow, the evidence, has swore to save his own life. I never saw the prosecutor before I saw him at justice Fielding's. I never was concerned in any robbery.
To Roberts's Character.
Mr. Penford. I live next door to Roberts. I have known him ever since he was apprentice, and he has behaved himself all along very well. I never heard any thing amiss of him till lately. My boy and he were very intimate, and he used to come to my house every day.


                  William 
                  Keith 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was seven years old; he had an exceeding good character. I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life.


                  Daniel 
                  Cooper 
               



            . I have known him eight years; his behaviour in his apprenticeship was very industrious, always in his business. I never knew him out of the way in my life. His character was universally good.


                  Leonard 
                  Keith 
               



            . I have known him about six years; he is as industrious a lad as any in the world. I never heard any thing amiss of him till this affair.
Both 

               Guilty
            , 



               Death
            .
335. (M.) 
               
                  Brent 
                  Coleman 
               



             and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Gregory 
               



             were a 3 d time indicted with 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Price 
                  



                
            , for that 


               they on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Allen 
                        



                      
                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person one silver watch, value 5 l. one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 15 s. one hat, value 7 s. one handkerchief, value 6 d. one horsewhip, value 3 s. and 20 s. in money numbered, his property
            , August 3





. ||


                  Thomas 
                  Allen 
               



            . Coming from Barnet races on horseback, on the 3d or August last, in Pancras Wash







, between ten and eleven at night, by moon shine, I being in a bottom as it were between two lights, saw a man coming. He catched hold of my horse's bridle. I was surprised. He was on foot. I received a box on the left ear with a hand; then I saw four men all on foot. I had a brace of pistols put to me, one on each side.
Q. What was said to you?
Allen. I can't recollect any words said. The fourth person pull'd my watch out of my pocket, and my buckles out of my shoes; after that my money out of my breeches pocket, and some halfpence out of my coat pocket, and one single farthing out of my waistcoat pocket, and my whip. He went to give me a stroke with it over my face. I held up my left arm, and it went under my arm. Then they dismounted me by the right arm, and gave my horse a stroke with the whip, and sent him down the lane. Then they cut my breeches down, and one of them said d - n him take his hat; then they left me. When I was putting my breeches up I found this hat ( producing one) lying by my foot, which at that time I did not know but it was my own, but found it out next morning. Bell the evidence says it is his hat.
Q. What sort of a watch was it?
Allen. It was a silver one. I bought it in June last, the name 
               
                  William 
                  King 
               



            , No. 65.
Q. Did they say any thing to you when they put the pistols to you?
Allen. It was something like (Baw-waw) what I could not understand.
Q. Do you know either of the prisoners?
Allen. I cannot say whether these are the men or not.
Q. How were they dress'd?
Allen. I can't tell how. I was in a hollow place, and the moon did not shine into the wash; it was so dark I could not tell their dress. This was on the Wednesday. On the Thursday I went to justice Fielding's, and gave an account of the robbery; and after that he sent me a letter that the rogues were taken, and the watch found.
Q. How long was that after the robbery?
Allen. That was about a month after. I went and saw them at the justice's last Tuesday was se'nnight.


                  Robert 
                  Bell 
               



            . I was in company with Gregory, Price and Coleman, the prisoners at the bar, in Pancrass Marsh, one day of the Barnet races.

Q. Where did you meet them first ?
Bell. We all met together, and consulted in the day time. I believe it was in Exeter-street, I think sitting at the Swan alehouse door. We were all of us to meet at the Crown, almost opposite Hungerford Market; we met all of us, I can't be positive as to the time, it was dark, I believe it might be near nine o'clock; then we set out to go a robing. We went up into Hampstead road, and met a great many people, but rob'd nobody, till at last the prosecutor was coming from the races. He turn'd down a road that went towards Pancrass Church from Hampstead way. When we first saw him we were in Hampstead road. We made the best expedition we could cross the fields, all four of us, to meet him in the wash; we met him there, I can't be positive who laid hold of his horse's bridle, but I laid hold of him by the arm, and put a pistol to his side, I could not reach his head. I believe Price took the watch out of his pocket. (The watch produced in court.) This is the very watch, I pawn'd it myself. Somebody else took his shoe buckles out, and his money out of his pocket, but who I can't tell. I believe Price took the whip out of his hand. He made some resistance, and Price thought he would not let it go, so Price cut him cross the face. He had a hat on his head, which we imagin'd to be better than mine, which Coleman had on at that time, I am not positive who took it. After that they whip'd his horse away, and we made the best of our way cross the fields for town. This hat that the prosecutor has produced here was my hat, and what Coleman had on at that time, and Coleman put his hat on.
Q. from Price. What day was this, or what time of the day ?
Bell. To the best of my knowledge it was between ten and twelve. I do not know the day of the month. We went to a publick house near the edge of the town, I think it was the 
               
                  Robin 
                  Hood 
               



             in Holbourn, just by Little Queen street. We found some half crowns, some shillings, some halfpence, and a silver groat. I can't be positive to the sum, because those that took the money out of the prosecutor's pocket, sunk some of it; we had each of us about half a crown. Then we went to our lodgings. I then lodg'd in Bolton-street, at a coach-maker's.


                  David 
                  Spires 
               



            . Bell brought a silver watch and pledg'd it with me on the 4th of August; the same that is here produced.
Q. Did he come alone, or was any body with him ?
Spires. He came alone.
Q. Do you know any of the prisoners ?
Spires. I know none of them but Coleman; I have seen him.
Q. Did you know Bell before he brought this watch to pawn?
Spires. No; I never saw him before that time.
Thomas Street. I was at the taking of Coleman, and in searching his pockets I found this seal. ( Producing one.) It is a very remarkable seal.
Q. to prosecutor. Look at this seal.
Prosecutor. This seal was belonging to the watch which I lost that night.
Price's Defence.
I know nothing at all of the robbery any more than of my dying day; as to Bell I never saw him till at justice Fielding's. I was drinking in Hedge-Lane, at the Two Chairmen, with two young fellows, but they are out of town with their masters.
Gregory's Defence.
I know nothing of the affair.
Coleman's Defence.
I know nothing of the affair I assure you.
Q. to Bell. What is Price?
Bell. He was coachman, as I have heard say, to my lord March; I have been acquainted with him some-time. Price and I were in company at the Red-horse, and there came in a bailiff and arrested him. I made some opposition, and said it was a pity the man should go to gaol for three pounds. Price got up and walk'd out, and the bailiff did not offer to touch him. Then they came and secured me, and I was sent to New-Prison.
Q. How long is this ago?
Bell. It is between three weeks and a month ago.
Q. How long was this after the robbery?
Bell. I can't say; I know it was after the robbery. The bailiff is here that arrested Price; his name is Rudge.


                  James 
                  Rudge 
               



            . On a Thursday night, this day three week, I arrested Price at the Red-horse, Bell was in company with him at the time. My brother officer wanted to get more assistance. They hustled me. Bell said he should not go with us if I was to bring more officers, for he said he had got a rare chieve in his pocket. Price proposed Bell for one of his bail, but in the midst of it Price got away.

For Price.
Francis Row. I keep coaches and horses. I have known Price from a child. He was brought up a coachman, and has lived in several good gentlemens families. I never heard any harm of him in my life before this.
Q. Did you ever hear any ill of him in August last ?
Row. No.
Q. Do you know Bell?
Row. I did not till he was in prison.
Q. How long has Price been out of employment?
Row. I cannot say.
Q. Can you take upon you to say you have known him employed within this half year.
Row. No, I cannot.
Mr. Hanson. I have known Price about eight years; I never knew any harm of him in my life.
Q. What are you?
Hanson. I am a chimney-sweeper. Price lodged in my house about a month ago.
Q. What place was he in while he lodged with you?
Hanson. He was out of place.
Q. Do you know either of the other prisoners?
Hanson. I do not. I reckon Price a very honest man. He always kept good hours.
Q. Do you know Bell the evidence?
Hanson. No; I never saw him till he was in confinement.


                  Benjamin 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live at the Two Brewers in Hedge-Lane, and have known Price some time. He has been coachman to my lord March. He used my house.
Q. Do you know Bell?
Brown. No, I do not; I don't know that I ever saw him before.
Q. Was he never at your house?
Brown. I can't recollect seeing him there. I remember I saw Price at my house one night when I came home from Barnet races, but I can't tell the particular day. I was there three days, and I remember it was the very last day of all the races.
Q. What time did you come home?
Brown. I came home between ten and eleven at night. Price and two or three others came into the house after I came home.
Q. Did you know the others?
Brown. I did not take much notice of them; I did not know who they were.
Q. How long was it before twelve o'clock that they came in?
Brown. I am positive it was before twelve. I can't tell how long before; it might be a little after eleven.
Q. What time did they go away?
Brown. I believe they staid till almost twelve. Price has used my house almost two years.


                  Christopher 
                  Spate 
               



            . I have known Price from a little boy; I never knew or heard any ill of him before now.
Q. Have you known him lately?
Spate. I have not lately.


                  Thomas 
                  West 
               



            . I have known Price five or six years.
Q. Where did he live within this half year?
West. I can't say. I have sold him a hat or two. I never heard any thing bad of him till now.
Q. Do you know Bell?
West. I do, very well.
Q. How long have you known him?
West. A great many years.
Q. Have you seen Bell and Price in company together?
West. I have once. I saw them coming from Westminster together. I stop'd and spake to them.
Q. How long is that ago?
West. That is about two months ago.
Q. Was you ever with them together at a publick house?
West. No.


                  John 
                  Robertson 
               



            . I have known Price two years; he is a very honest man for what I ever heard.
Q. Have you known him lately?
Robertson. I only knew him when he lived with my lord March, about two years ago.
Q. to prosecutor. What day of the races was it that you was rob'd ?
Prosecutor. It was on the 2d day of the races, being the 3d of August.
Q. Was the second day the last day of the races?
Prosecutor. No; I know I was not rob'd on the first or last day of the races.
All three 

               guilty
            , 










               Death
            .
(M.) 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Price 
               



             was a second time indicted for that 


               he in a certain field or open place, near the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Labross 
                        



                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person one metal watch with a shagreen case, value 3 l. one guinea, one half guinea, and 5 s. in money number'd, his property
            , July 22





. ||
The prosecutor being a foreignor
, and not speaking English, an interpreter was sworn.


                  James 
                  Labross 
               



            . As I was going home, about a quarter after ten at night, over the fields, there came two men; I went out of the path to let them come by, but they attacked and rob'd me of a green purse, a guinea, half a guinea, five shillings in silver, and a metal watch with a shagreen case.
Q. What field was it?
Labross. In the first field, near the King's-Arms, going from Cavendish-Square to Marybone. 







I was coming from the Queen's-Head, Oxford-Road.
Q. Did you observe their persons?
Labross. It was dark, I could not observe them: but I saw one was taller than the other. 

             Bell the evidence was much taller than Price.
Q. Did you ever get your money or purse, or watch again?
Labross. No; but the watch is in court.


                  Robert 
                  Bell 
               



            . I can't say I know the gentleman; I believe it was about two months ago. Price and I had been to a French house at Marybone, where they sell a'amode beef. We staid there pretty late playing at cards, till it was dark. Coming along from thence, in the path way, between Marybone and Cavendish-Square, in the first field, we met a single gentleman, and passed by him. Price turn'd about and said, ''Bell, let's do that man.''(meaning rob him.) We turn'd back, walk'd very fast, and overtook him as he was about the middle of the path. I took hold of him by the collar, and only held my knife to his neck, for I had never a pistol; he making some resistance I flung him down, took out his watch from his sob, and, I believe, half a crown or three or four shillings in silver; we left him on the ground, and made the best of our way to town.
Q. Did you take no gold from him?
Bell. If Price took any he kept it to himself.
Q. What sort of a watch was it?
Bell. It was a Pinchbeck watch in a shagreen case. I tried the metal with aquafortis, and am sure it was not gold. In pulling at it to get it out of his pocket, part of the pendant came off with the string; so I was obliged to put my finger into his sob to get it out.
Q. Did you strike him?
Bell. No, we neither of us struck him. I knock'd up his heels. After that Price and I were at the Blue Boar's-Head, in King-Street, Westminster, and being short of money he ask'd a person to lend him a guinea on this watch; we were playing at cards. The gentleman being an acquaintance of Price's, he said to me let him have the watch, he will lend you a guinea on it, the man imagining it to be my watch. I pull'd it out, and Price took it out of my hand, an d in a hurry gave it to him.
Q. What did Price say when he gave it to him?
Bell. I can't say: Price took the guinea of him.
Q. What is the man's name?
Bell. His name is Chapman Horner.
Chapman Horner. Bell and Price came to me to hire a horse; I keep a livery stable.
Q. What day was this?
Horner. I can't tell the day; we went and drank a tankard of beer together in King-street. I believe Price first mention'd this watch, and desired me to lend him a guinea on it for a week.
Q. Who gave it into your hands ?
Horner. Price did (producing the watch.)
Prosecutor. This is my watch, which was taken from me that night.
Horner. I lent Price a guinea on it.
Q. from prisoner. Did not Bell desire you to lend him a guinea on it?
Horner. I can't say I knew Bell at that time. Price said he'd give me the guinea again. I met him after that, and ask'd him why he did not come for the watch, it being useless to me; he said, if you are going home I'll come down to you this evening and fetch it away.
Q. to Bell. Did not you take a purse from the prosecutor?
Bell. I never saw any purse.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of it, nor ever saw the man in my life. I saw Bell have that watch in his pocket above a fortnight or three weeks before he offer'd to make away with it I was at the Lebeck's Head in the Strand at the time this man swears he was rob'd, where I quarrel'd, and am in recognizance to appear at Hicks's Hall for striking a man there.



               Guilty
            , 








               Death
            .
