





553. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Pryer 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one blue cloth coat with a scarlet lining, one scarlet cloth waistcoat with gold lace, one pair of silver shoe buckles, the goods of Henry Harrison, one silk petticoat, the property of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Granvil 
                     



                  , widow; one muslin handkerchief, 14 yards of Irish stuff, one silver table spoon, one guinea, one quarter of a guinea
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Day 
                  




                
            , Sept. 23
. +


                  Mary 
                  Day 
               



            . I live in Goss-square, Fleet street


. The prisoner was recommended to me for a servant
 to live with one Mrs. Richardson, who had lived with me; she said she was just come from Grantham in Lincolnshire ; the prisoner had been with me from Monday to Sunday following; the gentlewoman and I were above, the prisoner was left below, we went to bed; the next morning the prisoner came to me and said she had hired herself to go into the country; I went to the gentleman in Newgate-market who recommended her to me, to tell him how she had served me; when I came back I missed a guinea out of my drawers below stairs, from out of another drawer I missed a purse and a quarter of a guinea, from another I missed a silver spoon; I taxed her with these things, she confessed and gave me the guinea, quarter of a guinea, and silver spoon, which she had broke in two pieces; she said it was the first crime she ever committed; I forgave her and let her go; upon farther searching my drawers I found several things were gone, particularly a piece of Irish stuff. 14 yards, and a muslin apron, a petticoat of Mrs. Granvil's that had been dyed and not made up; the prisoner had got the Irish stuff made up into a gown, and Mrs. Granvil's petticoat made into a petticoat for herself. (Both produced in court and sworn to.) I also found a cambrick handkerchief marked D, which she had put to wash; the prisoner owned to me she took these things; the suit of clothes were the property of one Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Harrison 
               



             that lodged in the house, he was not there then; she lay in a room where they were in a trunk; she told me she had taken the lace off the waistcoat and burnt it, and sold it for 8 s. 6 d. in Hemmings-row.


                  Mary 
                  Westwood 
               



            . The prisoner came into my room three weeks ago to-morrow, and desired I would let these things be in my room till she could get a lodging; she had this yellow silk petticoat upon her. Mr. Pew and Mrs. Day came and asked me after her, Mrs. Day owned the gown and muslin apron.
Humphry Pow. Mrs. Day came to me to-morrow will be three weeks, and desired my assistance, I went with her, we took the prisoner, she confessed she had stole the coat, waistcoat, and took the gold off the waistcoat and sold it; also she said she took the Irish stuff, the yellow petticoat, and some linen, (the apron was not mentioned then) and told us they were at Mrs. Westwood's, we went there, Mrs. Westwood opened the door, but said the prisoner went by the name of More there.
Prisoner. It is the first fact I ever did of this sort.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


