





104. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Bowen 
                  



               
            . spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one white metal buckle, value 4 d. one 36 s. piece, and 2 s. in money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Lewis 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , February 5
. ++


                  George 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I was going from the shop where I work, in Tavistock-Street, to my lodging, in Denmark-Court. The prisoner met me in the Strand


. She would follow me, and I could not get her to go back. When we came to the door where I live, we were some time there together.
Q. How long were you together there?
Lewis. About half a quarter of an hour.
Q. Did she go into the house?
Lewis. No, she did not. I had been to receive my wages, which was twelve shillings and a thirty-six shilling piece.
Q. Had you called any where going along?
Lewis. No, I had not; nor spoke to any body in the street besides the prisoner.
Q. Had you your money when she and you were together at the door where you lodge?
Lewis. I am sure I had it in my pocket when I first met with her. When she went from me she fell a running. I felt in my pocket, and found my large piece of money was gone.
Q. In which pocket was your money?
Lewis. It was in my left-hand breeches pocket, and my knee buckles in my right.
Q. How soon, after you missed your money, was it that you took her?
Lewis. In about three or four minutes. I found she had her hand clinch'd. She drop'd two shillings and one of my buckles on the ground.
Q. Did you see her drop them ?
Lewis. No; but she pointed to it on the ground, under her, and said, there lies your money. I took it up, and said here is not all, I have lost a piece of gold; if you'll give me that you may keep the silver. She said, she had got no gold. I call'd the watch, and he took her to the Round-house. She was searched, but nothing except two halfpence was found upon her.


                  Samuel 
                  Duckworth 
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor called me to take charge of the prisoner, and I carried her to the Round-house.
Q. How far is it from the place, where you took charge of her, to the Round house?
Duckworth. It is about two or three hundred yards. She was searched at the Round house, and only two halfpence were found upon her. When she was going to the goal (I was with her) she desired to go into a shop, to buy herself a pair of stockings. She went in, bought two pair, and produced a 36 s. piece of gold to pay for them. The gentleman changed it for her.


                  Roger 
                  Boston 
               



            . The prisoner came into my shop, and the last evidence and beadle along with her. She bought two pair of stockings of me, produced a 36 s. piece, and desired change for it. I gave her 32 s. in change. (The piece of gold produced in court.)
Q. to prosecutor. Is there any mark of your 36 s. piece, whereby you could know it from another?
Prosecutor. Mine was one that look'd to be a new one, as this does (taking it in his hand.)
Prisoner's Defence.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Coombs 
               



             and I were going along the Strand together, when this man pick'd us up, who said he would make us a present of half a crown, and he chose me; he gave it me as he thought, but I found afterwards it was a 36 s. piece. He wanted to lie with her afterwards, and she would not let him. After that he was angry, and wanted his money again, but I would not give it him. Then he swore a robbery against me. There is 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Coombs 
               



             in Newgate, please to let her be called.
For the Prisoner.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Coombs 
               



            . 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bowen 
               



             and I were coming along the Strand together, on a Saturday night, when this gentleman followed us. We refused to go along with him several times. He chose 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bowen 
               



            , and she went with him. I heard them make a bargain for half a crown. After he had his will of her, he wanted to have me; but I refused him. After that he called the watch, and said he had been rob'd of his money. I went to the watch-house with her, and was there all night.
Q. Was you committed for this fact?
E. Coombs. No, I was not.
Q. Was you by them all the time they were at his door?
E. Coombs. No; I went away after they had made the bargain. She shew'd me this piece of money in the watch-house, and said he gave it her for half a crown.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


