








527, 528. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Welch 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one silver tankard. value 6 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Patton 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Thomas
            , Oct. 13

. *.


                  Thomas 
                  Patton 
               



            . I live at the Hand and Racket in Hedge-Lane, St. Martin's parish



. On the 13th of this instant the two prisoners were in my house together about five o'clock in the evening; they staid there but a little time. I saw my tankard when they were in the house, and missed it before they were gone. They called for a tankard of mild beer, I ran down into the cellar with one silver tankard, and left another upon the shelf in the back room; but before I came up, my boy came down for a pint of beer, which he said was for a stranger in the back room; I replied, I am drawing this tankard for one of them. When I came up there was only Welch sitting. I said, where is the other gentleman? He said, he is gone over the way and will come presently. Then I saw Smith standing at the tap-room door, and said, you are the person that came with the other gentleman. He said, no, he was not, he never saw him in his life. Seeing my tankard was gone I challenged them with it. Smith said, he was never in the kitchin, the boy and maid said he was there. We searched about the bench and found nothing where Smith was standing, but under the bench between Welch's legs there I found a base metal tankard, or what is called French plate, tied up in a handkerchief.
Q. Were there any other people in your house at this time?
Patton. There was only one besides the prisoners, and that was 
               
                  John 
                  Fish 
               



            . The base metal tankard was produced in court.


                  William 
                  Dixon 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Patton. I saw Smith come into the kitchin with his face towards the tankard, then I saw it. He asked me for a pint of beer, so I went down into the cellar and told my master, there was a strange gentleman in the kitchin who had sent me down for the beer, and the tankard was gone when I returned with the beer. In searching about the tap-room this base metal tankard was found in a handkerchief between Welch's legs under the bench. I know it was not there five minutes before, for I had fed a little dog there and should have seen it had it been there.


                  John 
                  Fish 
               



            . I was in the house at this time, there were the two prisoners, and the maid, master, and boy went out of the room. The prisoners called for a tankard of mild beer, then Smith opened the door and went into the kitchin and there he staid; there were two tankards in the kitchin; the boy hearing the bell came in, and asked Smith what he wanted, he said, a pint of beer. Then the boy went into the cellar to his master. Smith walked past me to the tap-room door and opened it, and was half out; then he came and sat down by me, with asking my leave by way of compliment; I said he was welcome.
Q. Did you see him take the tankard?
Fish. No, I did not. I saw the base metal one found under Welch's legs, he sat cross legged. They both denied it to be theirs.
Q. from Smith. Did I open the door? Are you sure of that?
Prosecutor. I had shut the door when I went down, and it was open when I returned.


                  Mary 
                  Cole 
               



            . I was washing the dishes in the yard, and Smith came into the kitchin. I said, it is not usual for strange gentlemen to came into the kitchin, then the boy come in. I went backwards into the yard, there is a window that commands the kitchin, through which I saw Smith walking as hard as he could towards the door immediately.
Both 

               acquitted
            .
They were a second time indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mug, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Corral 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said John
            , October 2

 ++.


                  John 
                  Corral 
               



            . I live in Swan-alley, Coleman-street, at the Coach and Horses, a publick house



. On the twelfth instant Welch came in about seven o'clock, and called for a pint of beer; it was drawn him in a silver mug; in about ten minutes after Smith came in.
Q. Did you know them before?
Corral. No, I did not. He called for a pint of beer, and it was brought him in another silver mug. I went down into the cellar and left them in the room; Welch was seated but the other was not. I did not see the mug brought to Smith. When I came up again the maid was making them a welch rabbit. Then they were both seated, and as close together as two men could be, at a little table about two feet six inches long, in a settle near the fire.
Q. Did you hear them converse together?
Corrall. I saw them lean their heads together once or twice. Then they had two silver mugs standing before them on the table, and I observed when I came up the candle was removed from the table and put on the mantlepiece aloft, which was not a usual place. Smith's pint being out he ordered the maid to send the boy to fill it again, which was done. Then he desired the maid to drink with him, she refused it, and said, she had drank once out of the other pint. He desired very much she would, and at last she did. They staid some considerable time. I was sitting in a box just by, the maid was just stepped out at the door and gone a cross the way. Welch paid me for one pint of beer, the other for two and a welch rabbit, all in halfpence, and went away about five or ten minutes before eight o'clock both together 
Q. How long did they continue in your house after you came out of the cellar?
Corral. About a quarter of an hour. The pot was missed before the mugs were put out of my sight, or any body moved in the house, which was in about three or four minutes after they were gone. My maid, 
               
                  Jane 
                  Stock 
               



            , missed it, it was that which Smith drank out of, and a French plate left on the table in the room of it.
Q. Did you go after the prisoners?
Corrall. It was too late to go after them.
Q. Have you ever found it again ?
Corrall. No, I have not. Hearing of the prisoners being taken up about a tankard, I went to see them, and swore they were the men that were drinking in my house at that time. The metal mug was produced in court.
Q. Is this one of the mugs that you had in your house before ?
Corrall. No, it is not. I am positive both my mugs were silver that were on the table, and there was no soul near the table but the prisoners. The base metal one was very much like that which Smith was drinking out of; having but one of that make, and finding two, we found it out directly. The other that I lost had no belly to it, only a litle rim round it, and it goes straight up.


                  Jane 
                  Stock 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. On the twelfth of this month Mr. Welch came into our house about one o'clock and called for a pint of beer, he sat a trifle of time and then went away. He came again about three, and called for another pint of beer, but did not stay then. A little time after that he came again, about seven, and called for another pint, I drew it in a silver pint mug, he had all the times the same mug. He staid there about ten minutes, then Smith came in and called for another pint of beer. which was drawn him in another silver mug. He sat down at the same table with Welch on a settle near the fire. Smith desired me to make him a welch rabbit.
Q. Were the two mugs you set before them silver ones?
J. Stock. I am sure they were, Smith drank his pint of beer and desired me to bid the boy fill it again, I did. Then he desired me to drink with him, so I did, and then I went out.
Q. What time did you go out?
J. Stock. I went out about four or five minutes before eight o'clock. I had not been out above three or four minutes, and when I came in they were gone.
Q. Where were they when you went out?
J. Stock. I left them in the same place where they were drinking near the fire.
Q. Had they continued in the same place all the time they were in the house?
J. Stock. They had. I sat facing them about half an hour, and for the rest I was backwards and forwards about my business.
Q. When had you seen that silver mug which is missing last ?
J. Stock. I had drank out of it the moment before I went out. When I came back again I went into the bar for a mug to draw a pint of beer, and seeing two of the same pattern missed it directly. It was in three or four minutes at most. We had but one mug of that shape which is lost.
Q. How came you to go into the bar to look for a mug?
J. Stock. Because the boy had taken the two mugs from off the table and set them in the bar.
Q. Which mug was missing?
J. Stock. The mug that Smith had was missing, and a base metal one put in its place.
Q. Is the boy here?
J. Stock. He is not, being wanted at home.
Prosecutor. I ordered the boy to take the mugs off the table and wipe out the score as soon as they had paid their reckoning, in both their hearing, and saw him set them in the bar close by me.
Q. Look at this base metal mug. Is that the mug you found in the bar?
J. Stock. It is.
Q. Did you see it stand on the table when they were drinking?
J. Stock. No, I did not at all. When Mr. Smith had eat the welch rabbit he took the news paper to read, but Welch removed the candle from the table to the mantlepiece and the other took it back again three times.


                  John 
                  Column 
               



            , On the twelfth of this month I went into the prosecutor's house about seven o'clock in the evening, there were two men, I don't attempt to swear they were the prisoners, for I took but little notice of them. I observed the candle to be removed from the man a reading two or three times. When they had been gone two or three minutes, and the master had bid the boy clear the table, the maid went into the bar and said, what strange silver mug is this, so it was found out.
Q. to Prosecutor. In whose possession has this base metal mug been since that time?
Prosecutor. It has been in the possession of the constable.
Welch's Defence.
I have been acquainted in the house, and went in to have a pint of beer in the morning. I went into the city, and came again about seven o'clock and had another, and staid there some time. This man that stands here ( pointing to Smith ) I never saw in my life, till I was taken a fortnight ago. I observed a man to come and sit down facing me, he had two pints of beer, but never spoke to me all the time.
Smith's Defence.
I absolutely deny that of being in the prosecutor's house, or in the court where the house is. I will make it manifest, that I was at St. James's all the afternoon till eight o'clock at night, and after that at my lodgings in Chancery-lane.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Are you certain Smith was in your house that night?
Prosecutor. I am very sure he was, my lord.
Q. By what did you observe of him to know him again?
Prosecutor. He has a sort of a mark on his left cheek. I know him perfectly well both by his countenance and speech.
Q. to 
               
                  Jane 
                  Stock 
               



            . Are you certain he was there at that time?
J. Stock. I am certain he was, and asked me to drink with him, and I did.
Prosecutor. We were asked before the justice to pick them out from amongst ten or twelve men that were set in front, and we did.
For Welch.


                  Thomas 
                  Webster 
               



            . I live in Fore-street and keep a publick house. I have known Welch these twelve months, he is a journeyman shoemaker and used my house. I have trusted him with plate and he never wronged me.
Jeffery Chandler. I am a shoemaker in Fore-street. Welch lodged with me between thirteen and fourteen months, he went from me about four months ago, he behaved just and honest all that time.


                  Morris 
                  Power 
               



            . I have known him twenty two years. I never knew of any thing in my life that hurt his character before.


                  Miles 
                  Kelley 
               



            . I live in Hosier-lane, and am a carpenter. I have known him from his infancy, and remember his coming from Ireland between three and four years ago. He has a very honest character.


                  Henry 
                  Wetherall 
               



            . I have known Welch about four years. I never knew any thing of him but what was honest and just.


                  William 
                  Goodall 
               



            . I keep a publick house in Redlion-street, Holbourn. I have known him some time, and never heard to the contrary but he was an honest man.
For Smith.


                  Anne 
                  Plea 
               



            . I live in Balsover-street, near Oxford road.
Q. What is your business?
A. Plea. I am of no business at all. I have known Smith about twelve years.
Q. Where does he lodge?
A. Plea. I don't know that. It is somewhere in Clare-market. I saw him the twelfth of October at our house in the Hay-market, we lived there then. I believe it was between three and four o'clock, he called accidentally and was very urgent to be gone, but staid till between seven and eight. My sister came home to drink tea, I believe it was a full half hour after seven, but then you must allow, as the justice told me, that the clocks vary. I believe there is a good deal in that.
Q. What is his business?
A. Plea. I never enquired into that. He always appeared to me in the character of a gentleman, and I liked his company as a good agreeable man. I did, indeed I did. I came acquainted with him purely by accident.
Q. Do you know Welch?
A. Plea. No, I do not. I did not know there was such a man in the world till I saw him in a poultry coop (pointing to the Bail dock).


                  Samuel 
                  Boulton 
               



            . I live at the bottom of Bream's buildings in Chancery-lane, the prisoner, Smith, has lodged with me about six months. On the 12th of October, about eight o'clock, he was at my house. I believe I may be positive of it within a quarter of an hour, over or under.
Q. What is his business?
Boulton. Upon my word I never enquired into that, I never was much in his company. He has a house of his own in St. Ann's Lane, Seven Dials, I have trusted him with plate and things about my house and he never wronged me.


                  Catharine 
                  Buckley 
               



            . I work for Miss Plea plainwork. I saw Smith the Thursday after Michaelmas day, between seven and eight o'clock, at her house. Miss Plea desired him to stay and eat a bit of a goose. I staid till eight, then went away and left him there.
Q. Do you know Welch ?
C. Buckley. No, I never did, till I saw him in Newgate.
Q. to Boulton. Do you know Welch?
Boulton. I never saw him in my life to my knowledge till I saw him before the justice.
Pears Britt. I have known Smith about twelve month. I have done work for him, and never saw any thing by him but what was just and honest.
Q. What is his employment?
Britt. I always heard he was bred up to the law.
Both 


               guilty 39 s
            .
See Smith tried before, No. 89, in Alderman Winterbottom's mayoralty.





[Transportation. See summary.]


