





116. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Harvey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver buckles, value 10 s. one wooden box, value 2 s. three linen shirts, one silver stock buckle, value 2 s. three pair of worstead stockings, value 3 s. three linen stocks, one stone called a hone, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Hanson 
                        




                      
                  , in the stable
             of 
               
                  George Richard 
                  Carter 
               



            , Esq; Jan. 19
. ++


                  Edward 
                  Hanson 
               



            . The prisoner was helper to me about 10 days. I am coachman
 to Mr. 
               
                  George Richard 
                  Carter 
               



            . I went out with my master and mistress on the 19th of January, I left him in the stable. I returned in about half an hour, and found the stable door on the latch, and missed my silver buckles from my shoes, and my box from out of my lodging-room in the stable, the door being broke open.
Q. What was in that box?
Hanson. Three shirts, one silver stock buckle, three pair of worstead stockings, one stock, one hone. I found my goods in Aldersgate-Street, at the Black-Horse alehouse; being informed he had confessed they were there, by my fellow servant, after he had been taken up about five days.
Q. Did you ever hear him confess any thing?
Hanson. No, I did not.


                  Margaret 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Carter. When I heard the prisoner was taken up, I went to see what was the matter. On the 24th of January I ask'd him what he had done with the silver buckles he had taken out of the coachman's room; he told me he had pawn'd them for six shillings; I ask'd him what he had done with the box and other things? He said the hone was at a barber's opposite the Black Horse in Aldersgate-Street; he shew'd me one of the shirts on his back, and own'd the taking of the stockings. He said the box was at the Black Horse, and he had given two shirts out to be mended; he own'd he took three stocks, but would not tell what he had done with them; neither would he own the stock buckle. He told me that he opened the door with the pitch-fork.


                  John 
                  Kent 
               



            . I was one that help'd to take the prisoner. We took him to an alehouse in Princes-Street. I charged him with taking the goods mentioned; he owned to his having taken the buckles, and said he had pawned them for six shillings; one of the shirts and a pair of stockings he had on, and said they belong'd to the prosecutor.
Prisoner. I ask mercy of the court. I have nothing else to say.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


