





72. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Nisby 
                  , otherwise 
Sorry




            , was indicted for 


               stealing four silk gowns value ten shillings
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Anna
                      Maria Charlotte Somes
                  




               
            , spinster
, Oct. 27
. ++


                  Ann 
                  Fanshaw 
               



            . I live in Swallow-street St. James's, and look after a house in Old Burlington-street


, I took in the prisoner to help to clean the house and assist me: There was a young lady whose name was 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Somes 
               



            , that lived with her aunt in the house. Her maid miss'd the gowns mentioned in the indictment, and knowing I had had no body else in the house but the prisoner, we suspected her, and I went to her and taxed her with taking them; she confessed she had, and had pawned one and sold the rest; we took her before a justice, there she confessed the same.
Q. Have you ever seen them since?
A. Fanshaw. I have seen two of them, they are here in court.
Q. What part of the house were they taken from?
A. Fanshaw. I don't know where they all were, one I know was taken from out of a chest of drawers which was open.
Q. Where did you meet with the two gowns again?
A. Fanshaw. We found one at a pawnbroker's, and one at a gentlewoman's that is here in court. There was also a woman in Brewer's-street owned she had the other two, but we could not see them.
Q. If you did not see them how do you know them to be the same?
A. Fanshaw. They were so described that we knew them to be the same. She owned what she gave for them, but said she had sold them.


                  Lydia 
                  Goff 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Somes 
               



            , my mistress had been in the country in June. I believe she left four gowns in the house of the last evidence. At our return we missed them, and we examined the prisoner about them. She told us she had sold two of them, and where the others were. [The two gowns were produced in court, and deposed to as her Mistress's property].
Q. Were the gowns locked up?
L. Goff. They were left in the chest of drawers; I do not know whether they were locked up or not; the woman where she said she had sold the two gowns, acknowledged she had bought them of the prisoner, and had sold them again.
Q. What is the value of the gowns?
L. Goff. They are valued at 15 s. I think.


                  Thomas 
                  Powell 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, [he takes up one of the gowns] the prisoner at the bar brought this gown to me. She asked a guinea and half on it, I asked whose gown it was; she said it was her own, and that a lady gave it her, and was either gone to Ireland, or was dead, and that she had three more. I asked her where she lived, she said at the bottom of Vine-street, at a Clear-starcher's. I went there, and asked if they knew she had a silk gown fit for a lady to have 20 l. worth of linen to wear with it: They said, they knew of no such thing: Then I asked the prisoner where I must go for her character: She said to my lord Hertford's, and instead of that she took me to Colonel 
               
                  Layton
               


            's. She said she had 1 s. 6 d. a day and her victuals, to clean the house against the family came to town. Then she said she could take me to another place, a gentlewoman's in Queen-street. The gentlewoman said she had known her from a child, but advised me to keep the gown: Upon which I stopped it, and advertised it the 8th of September. She came four or five times, and said she would make us pay 5 l. for every hour we kept her.
Q. How did she appear when she came first?
Powell. But very poorly, and had before been used to bring very small pledges. Mrs. Goff came to our houseafter seeing it advertised, and a chandler's shop woman; they would fain have bullied us out of the gown, that they might put it in its place again, and so let the thief have gone. After that Mrs. Fanshaw came with her, and wanted it. I said they should not have it without a prosecution.


                  Mary 
                  Raseheart 
               



            . I sell women's clothes, [she takes up the other gown] I bought this gown of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. When did you buy it?


                  Mary 
                  Raseheart 
               



            . About five months ago, I gave her 3 l. 1 s. for it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I leave it to the mercy of the court.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


