





93. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Porter 
                  , otherwise 
Dowlan




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one trunk, value 10 d. two silk sacks, value 4 l. one linen wrapper, one cotton pattileer, one pair of stays, 4 silver spoons, one pair of holland sheets; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Steward 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house
             of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Jourdan 
               



            , Nov. 25
 + .


                  Elizabeth 
                  Steward 
               



            . On the 25th of November last, I returned from the country where I had been some time. I brought my trunk in a coach with the above mention'd goods in it. It was set down in Mr. Jourdan's shop; I was lighted-up stairs; I returned in about 20 minutes, and the trunk was carried off with the goods.



                  Moses 
                  Coronel 
               



            . I am a pawn-broker; the prisoner had used my shop for about a quarter of a year; on the 25th of Nov. about 9 at night, she brought me this wrapper, with this silk sack in it, and 4 silver table spoons (producing them ) deposed to by the prosecutrix.
Coronel. I lent her 4 guineas on them; when I found the things advertised, I carry'd and left them with justice Fielding.


                  Robert 
                  Sanders 
               



            . I was at justice Fielding's, and Coronel said; he had seen the prisoner's sister go into an house, and if any body would go with him, he believ'd he cou'd find the prisoner; I went with him, we found and brought her to Mr. Fielding's; after that I went with the lady's maid and search'd her lodgings; we found several things in a drawer that she said belong'd to the lady the prosecutrix, and by the bed-side was this trunk ( producing one ) deposed to by the prosecutrix, in it was a silk stomacher and a parcel of linen.


                  Margaret 
                  Patterson 
               



            . The prisoner lodged at my house about 3 weeks, the people came with a search warrant and found this trunk in her room.
Prosecutrix. Here is another gown of mine found upon her since she has been in Newgate. Produced in court and deposed to.
Prisoner's defence.
A gentleman's servant brought that sack and other things to me, and ask'd me if I wou'd go and pawn them for him; he went with me to the pawnbroker's door, and I went in and pawn'd them, and gave him the money as I came out at the door. About two days after, he came again and gave me another sack for making him 5 shirts; he brought me the trunk also, with some odd things in the bottom of it.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


