





514. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Boyle 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, val. 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sparks 
                  




                
            , October 19
 ++.


                  John 
                  Sparks 
               



            . I keep the Baptist head in the Old Bailey




. I saw this spoon in my house on Wednesday or Thursday, the nineteenth of Oct. I can only swear it is my property. The prisoner used to come to my house sometimes for a pint of beer, or a dram.


                  Michael 
                  Chapman 
               



            . Coming along Threadneedle-street, this day seven-night, I saw the prisoner in a dirty condition and in liquor. She took a silver spoon out of her bosom to look at and put it in again. I thought by the condition she appeared in it was not honestly come by. Mr. Gardner came by, he saw her, and spoke to Mr. Frost; then I went to her and said, you must give an account how you came by that spoon. She said, she wanted to go to some private place, and taking her by 'Squire Gore's gateway, she said, she must go up there. She went up, I stood at the gateway; there I saw her in such a position that I concluded the spoon was no more in her bosom, and told them where I thought she had concealed it. They took her to the constable's house, I told him his wife or daughter must search her, for it was out of my power to find it. Then he took her by the arms and shook her, and the spoon dropped down on the ground, and she at the same time made use of a very indecent expression.
Q. Are you sure the spoon dropped from her?
Chapman. I am sure, and it was in such a condition that it plainly appeared from whence it came. She then said she found it in Newgate-street. After that she told the constable, if he would not ask her name, and would let her go, she would tell whose it was; then she was taken before my Lord Mayor. I advertised the spoon, and the next day coming to Mr. Frost's, there was the prosecutor. This is the spoon that is produced.
Q. from the Prisoner. Where did you see me?
Chapman. I first saw her in Threadneedle-street, but took her in Bishopsgate-street.
Mr. Frost. Standing at my door last Thursday in the afternoon, in Bishopsgate-street, Mr. Gardner and the last witness came up to my door and told me, they believed a woman was gone by that had stolen a spoon. I said, if you suspect that, it is very proper she should be taken up. Chapman went and stoped her, and desired her to deliver up the spoon, or give an account how she came by it. He brought her back. She went into 'Squire Gore's gateway, and he kept by the door way to prevent any people from going in. Then he brought her to my house, and we took her into my back-kitchin. He said, it is in vain for you to look for the spoon, for you will not be able to find it; your wife, maid, or daughter, must search her. Then she wanted to go backwards. I took hold on her and shook her, and this spoon dropped from her in a very indecent condition. I took it up. It fell just between her legs.


                  Thomas 
                  Newcome 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sparks. I have seen the prisoner several times at our house. We missed the spoon last Wednesday was seven-night.
Q. Was she there that day?
Newcome. She was, two or three times.
Q. from the Prisoner. What time did you see me there that day?
Newcome. I saw her there about three o'clock in the afternoon.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the spoon in a piece of brown paper in Newgate-street. I was going along Bishopsgate-street, so I took it out to read the mark and they stopped me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


