





287. (L.) 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Smith 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver-watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bray 
                  




                
            , June 16
. ++


                  William 
                  Bray 
               



            . I was footman
 to Mr. Fletcher, a vinegar-merchant in Goodman's-fields, but am out of place now. Last Monday was fortnight, at night, I happen'd to be in liquor, and going up Shoe-lane, the prisoner was standing at the corner of Queen's-arms-alley


; she took hold of my arm, and ask'd me where I was going; I said, home. She inticed me to go along with her. She took me to a house in that alley, up two pair of stairs. She ask'd me what I would give her; I said I had but 4 d. 1/2 about me, besides my watch. She bid me give her the 4 d. 1/2; accordingly I did. Then she took the watch out of my pocket.
Q. Did you feel her take it?
Bray. No, I did not; but I had it in my pocket, I am sure, when I went there with her.
Q. What time of the night was this?
Bray. Between ten and eleven o'clock. After that, I went home.
Q. When did you miss your watch?
Bray. I miss'd it before I went out of the house, but she was gone first.
Q. Was it a public or private house?
Bray. A private house, set out into tenements. I went the next morning, and ask'd her for the watch, but she deny'd knowing of it.
Q. Have you seen it since?
Bray. It was brought to me last Thursday night.


                  Thomas 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am servant to a distiller. Last Tuesday was fortnight, the prisoner was at a customer's house, where I call'd in Charter house-lane. She had a watch in her hand, and offer'd it me for sale, for a guinea and an half. I suspected she did not come honestly by it. I opened the out-side case, there I saw 
               
                  William 
                  Bray 
               



             upon it. I stop'd it; and by inquiring about, found the prosecutor. He described it before he saw it. ( Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


