





371. (M) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Horner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two silk aprons, value 5 s. one gaute handkerchief embroider'd with gold, five cambrick handkerchiefs, one piece of cambrick, and one suit of muslin headcloaths
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John David 
                     Barbutt 
                  




               
            , Esq
; Sept. 21, 1755
. +


                  John David 
                  Barbutt 
               



            . I had placed my goods in an empty house belonging to one Jones, an upholsterer, as I was going abroad, and my wife was gone out of town for the benefit of the air, being in an ill state of health. The prisoner and his family were admitted to live in part of the house below stairs, rent free, by the landlord, and my goods were lock'd up in a one pair of stairs room. I went abroad in April, and return'd in November. I expressed my uneasiness at my goods being in a dangerous situation, and on the first of May I applied to look at the house where they were placed. I found there was a padlock on the outer iron gate belonging to the house. I inquired of the people in the neighbourhood, who told me the prisoner had not been seen for two or three days, and that a cart load of goods had been convey'd away a few days before that. Upon this I went to the landlord, and desired him to come with me to the house. He did so, and we broke a door open to get in; and upon opening the door of the room where my goods were placed, and searching the trunks (wherein had been put goods of all sorts, linen, china, &c.) we found every thing empty; but as there are some particular articles that I can charge him with, I think it needless to trouble the court with the rest; the following things we can produce, a gause handkerchief embroider'd with gold, 5 cambrick handkerchiefs, and a remnant of cambrick (produced in court and deposed to.)
Q. Where did you meet with them?
Barbutt. At Mr. Gibons's a pawnbroker, at the corner of Turnstile, but did not secure the prisoner till the 13th of last month, as he was out of the way and I could not find him. When I charged him with having rob'd me, he seem'd to be extremely concern'd for what he had done. He was examined before the justice, where he own'd the fact, and was committed to the Gatehouse. He gave an account where part of the things were, and we found them by his direction.


                  Thomas 
                  Gibons 
               



            . The goods here produced were pledged to me by the prisoner on the 22d of September last; he said he had an order from Mrs. Barbutt to pledge them, to redeem a bed out of pawn, which he took away at the same time.
Prisoner's defence.
I fetch'd that bed out to carry to madam Barbutt. I had no orders to pawn the bed, but having done it I carry'd these other things to fetch it out.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


