





383. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing forty pound weight of Lead, value 4 s. being fix'd to a dwelling-house, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Bridget 
                           Wheeler 
                        




. May 11
. ++


                  Bridget 
                  Wheeler 
               



            . I live at Highgate, and have an empty house at Kentish Town


, it has been robb'd of a great deal of lead at several different times.


                  Henry 
                  James 
               



            . I was set to watch this house along with 
               
                  Peter 
                  Lownes 
               



            : On the 11th of this month, about a quarter after twelve at night, I saw the prisoner on the top of the house, we caled to him and desir'd him to come down, but he would not answer us: I told him I would shoot at him if he would not : I said to Lownes, do you go on the other side the house that he may not escape; I suppose the prisoner thought we were both gone; he came nearer me, I said, if he did not speak I would shoot at him, but he would not. I shot and hit him on the leg with small shot, then he would not come down, so I was obliged to get a ladder and go up, he sat between a tree and a window; when we got him down it was after two o'clock, we found no lead upon him, there was a sack, and we took a knife out of his pocket, the sack lay in a gutter, that he denied.
Q. Was there any thing in it?
James. No, my Lord, there was not.
Q. Was there any lead rip'd up?
James. No, my Lord, there was only a bit begun to be cut, but it was not taken off.
Q. Did he confess any thing?
James. He did, that he had been there four or five times, and carried lead away, and sold it one time for four shillings, but he did not confess what quantity he took away each time.


                  Peter 
                  Lownes 
               



             confirm'd the above as to his confession.


                  Matthew 
                  Rookes 
               



             confirmed that also, with this addition: That the prisoner said he sold some for half a crown, and another time more for three shillings.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


