





392. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stratton 
                  , otherwise 
Strutton




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one globe lamp made of glass, with a head and burner made of tin
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Murden 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Tallwood 
                  



                
            , churchwardens of the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch

, Sept. 29
. +


                  John 
                  Walker 
               



            . I have known the prisoner three or four years. On the 29th of September, as I was going to my daily labour, about a quarter of an hour before six, I saw the prisoner at the upper end of Morefields.
Q. In what parish?
Walker. In the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch


; I knew he had no business there. He went up a ladder to a lamp, put the burner on his head and the lamp under his arm, and I walked on by him looking at him, that I might be sure of him. I observed him to carry it out of that parish into St. Luke's, but did not follow him to see where he put it.
Q. Who are churchwardens of the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch?
Walker. Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Murden 
               



             and Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tallwood 
               



            .
Q. Who was at the charge of putting up these lamps?
Walker. The parish. I gave information to the gentlemen that very day.


                  Robert 
                  Murden 
               



            . I and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tallwood 
               



             are churchwardens of the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch.
Q. Who provides the lamps in your parish?
Murden. The parish. Our lamps being destroy'd we proposed to give a guinea to any person that discover'd the offender.
Prisoner's Defence.
This Mr. Walker met me on Michaelmas-Day, and ask'd me if my name was not William Strutton. I said, it was. He said, you must come along with me. I said, for what? He said, I will let you know presently. I said, I will not go till I have done my lamps. He left me, and the next day after, coming home, I was charged with this thing, which I know nothing of.
For the Prisoner.


                  James 
                  Beastman 
               



            . I have known the prisoner at the bar three or four years.
Q. What is his general character?
Beastman. He is a very honest man, as far as ever I knew.


                  Ann 
                  Ripley 
               



            . I have known him six years; he is a very honest hard-working man.
The second Part of these Proceedings will be published in a few Days.






THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON, And also the Gaol Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX, HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 26th, and Thursday the 27th of OCTOBER.
In the Thirty-first Year of His MAJESTY'S Reign. NUMBER VIII. PART II. Being the Eighth SESSIONS in the MAYORALTY of The Right Honble MARSHE DICKINSON, Esq; LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
LONDON:
Printed, and sold by J. ROBINSON, at the Golden-Lion, in Ludgate-Street. 1757.
[ Price Four-pence.]

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commissions of the Peace, and Oyer and Terminer, for the City of LONDON, and at the General 
                  
                     Sessions
                  


                of Gaol Delivery of Newgate, holden for the said City of LONDON, and County of MIDDLESEX, at Justice-Hall in the Old-Bailey, &c.



                  Ann 
                  Slade 
               



            . THE prisoner lodg'd in my house about ten years, and I never heard any ill thing of him; I have trusted him with money and plate, and he never wrong'd me.


                  Edward 
                  Hottering 
               



            . I have known him ten years, and he always bore the character of an honest man.


                  Mary 
                  Burton 
               



            . I have known him ten years; I have trusted him ten or twenty shillings at a time, and he always paid me to a day.


                  Mary 
                  Beaston 
               



            . I have known him two or three years; and he has a very good character.


                  John 
                  Whitby 
               



            . I have known him about two months; he is a very honest man as far as I know.
Q. to Murden. Did you miss a lamp from the place the witness Walker mentions?
Murden. It was taken away.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


