





300. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Berry 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 21 Guineas, one 9 s. piece of gold, and one shilling in money, number'd
            . the money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jarrat 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Mitchel 
                  



                
            , October 6
. ++


                  John 
                  Jarrat 
               



            . 
               
                  James 
                  Mitchel 
               



             and I are Brewers and partners

 at Hackney. On the 6th of October I went out in the morning, and left with 
               
                  John 
                  Swaiby 
               



             my apprentice 29 l. 17 s. in order to pay a bill. When I returned about 5 in the evening he gave me 5 guineas of that. I ask'd him for the rest; he said, he suppos'd I had had it. I said I had not. Then he said, it was taken from the place where he laid it, and suppos'd the prisoner at the bar had taken it.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Jarrat. He was my servant: I employ'd him to fetch water in a cart, and other business about the yard. He was missing. I sent four people to look for him. They took him, and I was with him before the Justice of the peace; there he confess'd he had taken 20 Guineas and a shilling.
Q. Where was it missing from?
Jarrat. From out of the counting-house.
Q. Does your counting-house join to your dwelling-house?
Jarrat. No, it does not. He produces a bag. This is the bag that the money was in. Justice Pell deliver'd it to me with 16 l. 10 s. in it, which was taken from the prisoner at the bar.


                  Thomas 
                  Cook 
               



            . I am a Coachman. Mr. Jarrat desired me to go and see after the prisoner; I found him at the Black Boy on Salt-Peter-Bank. He ask'd me, what I did there? I told him, I came to see for him. I charg'd him with this robbery. I search'd him there, and found but a groat upon him. Going along in Whitechapel he said, he would walk no farther, he would have a coach. He would confess nothing, but said he would tell me in the morning. I deliver'd him up to Mr. Burill a constable in Whitechapel, and there left him 'till morning. When he was before the Justice he owned he had taken 22 l. 11 s. in my hearing; and he had given one woman 4 guineas, and another seven. We search'd him, and found 14 guineas and 16 s. and 6 d. and a 9 s. piece concealed under his backside in his breeches, in a bag.


                  John 
                  Blackwell 
               



            . I went with Mr Jarrat before the Justice. There the prisoner own'd he had taken the money, and what he had done with it; and the woman that he said he had given the 4 guineas to, was taken and committed to Bridewell.
Q. to Cook. Look at this bag. - 
Cook. This is the same bag, I believe, that I found upon the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Swaiby 
               



            . I am 15 years of age. I am apprentice to Mr Jarrat. He gave me 29 l. 17 s. in order to pay a bill; I laid it in a window by the desk.
Q. Did the prisoner use to come into the counting-house?
Swaiby. He used to come by the window and be looking in, but I did not see him in the counting-house that day the money in the bag was missing, which was 21 guineas in gold and one shilling, the rest in silver was not in the bag. I suspected the prisoner, when I found the money was gone. He was taken up, and confessed the taking it.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation.]


