






250, 251. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Brangham 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Buckhurst 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 52 s. the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        West 
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , May 10
. ++


                  Edward 
                  West 
               



            . I live in Leather Lane


.
Q. What is your business?
West. I am an organ builder. Last Monday was three weeks I met the two prisoners in George Alley. They ask'd me to go with them, which I did. I took my watch out of my pocket, and laid it upon a table, and Buckhurst took it up, and ran down stairs with it.
Q. Did you see her take it?
West. I did.
Q. What was Brangham doing at the time?
West. She did nothing at all. I ran down after Buckhurst, but she got away, and when I returned Brangham was gone also.
Q. Where did you find them afterwards?
West. The constable took them up.
Q. Did not you give intelligence of them?
West. No, I did not.
Q. When were they taken?
West. The same night, but I did not know of it till a good while after. I advertised the watch the next day.
Q. Did you ever see your watch again?
West. Yes, I did, at Guildhall. Produced in court and deposed to. The constable advertised it three or four times after I had.
Q. What did the prisoner say for themselves?
West. They said I left it with them for half a crown, and was to have searched it again the next day.
Q. Did you make such a bargain as that?
West. No, I never did, I had some money in my pocket at the time.

Buckhurst. I was not night the watch. They were both on the bed together, and I did not stir from them.
Brangham. He continued on the bed with me a good while after he miss'd his watch. We had another quartern of brandy brought up after that was gone.
West. I was not on the bed half a minute after I saw Brangham go away with the watch, but it was ten o'clock at night, and dark, and I could not see her.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Normington 
               



            . I am beadle of St. Andrew's, Holbourn. It was my night to attend at the watch-house. I was gone to an alehouse, and told the watchman if any thing should happen, to come to me. Soon after one came to me, and told me there was a charge brought to the watch-house. I went there and found the two prisoners. They were searched. Buckhurst was ready to undo her bosom to let us see she had no watch; but Carter, a watchman, said he felt it there. I searched Brangham, and found the watch on her left hip; I put my hand down her bosom, and took it out, and delivered it to the constable. This is it that is here produced.


                  John 
                  Carter 
               



            . The two prisoners were brought to the watch-house by two strange men, who said they had taken a watch from a gentleman, and desired to lodge them there till they could find the man; but they never returned again. I felt about Buckhurst, and felt the watch there, and after that she gave, it to Brangham.
Brangham's defence. I did not know what she was going to give me in the watch-house. I was on the bed with the gentleman. When he got up, he said where is my watch? I said, I don't know, you know I have not been out of your company. He went down and treated a woman with two pints of beer, who told me so since when I was in the Compter. After that I was going to bed, and met two young men, one of them put his hand into Buckhurst's bosom and felt a watch, and said to the other, she has got a watch. They took us to the watch-house. Whose watch it was I can't tell.
Buckhurst's defence. This young man came with Brangham, and call'd for a quartern of brandy; I brought a quartern of rasberry; that cost 3 d. They both went up stairs together. A young woman went up and came down again, and said he has left his watch for half a crown, and says he'll fetch it to-morrow. She gave it to me.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


