





211 (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Turner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Chidley 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , May 9
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Chidley 
               



            . On the ninth of May, between eight and nine clock in the evening.
Q. Where do you live?
Chidley. In the Fleet-market


. Going out to bar up my windows, as I stood to make water, came the prisoner and another man, I found my handkerchief was gone. I walk'd up before them; there was a soldier; I told him I had had my pocket pick'd, by two men coming along. I took hold of the prisoner's collar: I took him into a tin-shop, in Fleet-street; there he pull'd my handkerchief out of his pocket, and ask'd if it was mine. I said it was; he said, he had just pick'd it up. I took him to the Plough ale-house; there he said, before the constable, he'd down on his knees and ask my pardon if that would do.
Q. Did you feel it go?
Chidley. No, They only bresh'd my cloaths, and I felt and miss'd it directly.
Q. What became of the other man?
Chidley. He ran away.
Mr. Waters. I had charge of the prisoner; the prosecutor gave me the handkerchief there (producing it).
Prosecutor. This is my handkerchief which I lost at that time.
Waters. The prisoner said he did not take it; but said he would go down on his knees, and ask the prosecutor's pardon if that would do.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going up the alley when he was making water, and saw the handkerchief lying against the wall. I pick'd it up; he came and ask'd me if I had his handkerchief. I produc'd it and said, I pick'd it up. I had no body along with me.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


