





222. (M.) 
               
                  Jane, wife
 of John Green


            , was indicted for 


               stealing one looking-glass, value 5 s. two cheney curtains, value 6 s. two candlesticks, one copper coffee pot, five pewter dishes, four pewter plates, three blankets, two copper saucepans, one flat iron, one frying pan, one poker, one pair of tongs, and one iron fender
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Davis 
                  




                
            , April 3
.


                  Ann 
                  Davis 
               



            . I am wife to Francis the prosecutor. I had been gone seven weeks and five days out of London, and left the prisoner in care of my house. When I came back again I missed the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name.)
Q. Where do you live?
A. Davis. I live in Red-Lion-Yard, Holbourn


.
Q. When did you go from home?
A. Davis. I went from home the second or third of March last, and returned again a month ago last Monday night. I took the prisoner up and had her examined. She confessed she took them away, and pawn'd them to four pawnbrokers.
Q. What are the pawnbrokers names?
A. Davis. One is named Coronel, a Jew, another Howel, another Jones, and the other Reynolds. She own'd every thing that I charged her with, and said they were mine.
Q. Where did she own that?
A. Davis. Before justice Welch. (The goods produced.) I found this gown (taking one in her hand) at Mrs. Reynolds's. the curtain and candlestick at Coronel's the Jew, one sheet and pewter dish at Howel's, and the poker at Mr. Jones's in Holbourn. I can't say at which pawnbroker's I found the coffee-pot. They are all my property. 
               
                  Moses 
                  Coronel 
               



             the Jew is not here.


                  Rachael 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . On the 4th of March the prisoner brought a flat iron; on the 12th a blanket, on the 9th of April a sheet with several small things; on the 16th a gown, and on the 23d another sheet.



                  John 
                  Howel 
               



            . On the 19th of March the prisoner brought pewter and other things, the 24th a frying pan, the 26th a blanket and other things, and the 28th a bolster and two pillows.
Prosecutrix. All these things that I found at the other houses are mine. I carried them before justice Welch, and he told me I need not bring them all, so I have not laid them all in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence.
This woman left the key in my care. Sh e was gone two months. There is no witness that saw me pawn one thing, any farther than the pawnbrokers had them all.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


