





366. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six shillings in money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Wilkinson 
                  




                
            , July 7
*.


                  Charles 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            . The prisoner was a yearly servant
 in my house. I observed I missed money out of my desk; at first I was willing to believe it was a mistake; but as I told my money and wrote upon the papers how much each parcel contained, and laying them by finding them often short when I told them over again, I found it could be no longer a mistake of mine. I was very desirous to find the thief out. I believe I missed in the whole to the amount of 15 or 20 l. On Whitson Eve I put ten guineas into my desk. (The place where I had missed my money ) and after that in the same evening ten guineas more. In a week after I took out five, and scratched out the ten guineas on the paper, and put down five; two or three days after I went and found but fourteen guineas, upon this I put in no more gold there, but about a week or a fortnight after I put in 19 s. 6 d. in silver, and told it before I went to church in the morning, and as soon as I came from church I told it again, and found in the bag only 17 s. I asked who had been there, and was told none but the prisoner: this confirmed me in my suspicion, that he must be the man. The sunday following, the seventh of this instant, I set 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Simpson 
               



             to watch thro' a hole I had made, I had then put in 11 half crowns and 17 shillings, he can give a farther account.


                  Thomas 
                  Simpson 
               



            . Mr. Wilkinson telling me he had lost money at several times, he fix'd me at a place to watch last sunday was sevennight, about half an hour after 10 o'clock he went out, the maid and the prisoner being alone below, she went up stairs, after which the prisoner walk'd softly across the parlour to the stair foot, then he turn'd round in the parlour to the desk, and opening it drew out a drawer, took out a bag, and put his hand into it, but what he took out I cannot pretend to say. Then he did it up and put it in the drawer again, and shut the desk. On seeing this I stepped to him; he on seeing me seemed pretty much fluttered; I charged him with having meddled with the desk. Mr. Wilkinson was near the door in the street, he was call'd in, and brought the constable with him. We searched the prisoner, after Mr. Wilkinson had told the money, and missed 6 s. In searching the prisoner I observed his hand clinched close, we opened it, and found 2 half crowns and a shilling, with the mark upon them that Mr Wilkinson had put. Upon that the prisoner fell on his knees, begg'd for mercy, said he was utterly ruined.
Q. to Wilkinson. Did you mark any of the money?
Wilkinson. I did, by running an engraver along the Letters V and W in Carolus and William.
Q. Was you present when he was searched?
Wilkinson. I was, and saw the money taken from him, upon which he begg'd for mercy. (The money produc'd in court, and depos'd to ) He gave me the key afterward with which he opened the desk; this he has had of a gentlewoman that has had my first floor ever since last September.


                  John 
                  Scofield 
               



            . I am constable; I took charge of the prisoner, and searched him; he first took out 1 s. 6 d. and some half pence out of his pocket, and declared it was all he had; but seeing his hand clos'd, we would see what was in it, and there found 2 half crowns and a shilling, marked as before mentioned; then the prisoner fell on his knees and begg'd for mercy.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming thro' the room; my master goes to church very frequently, and I wanted to clean my buckles, I went to the kitchen and cut myself some bread and butter, and coming from the parlour again forgot a handkerchief, then Mr. Simpson stopped me; I said what is the matter, he would search me, and I had I believe 5 or 6 shillings in my hand, which they took from me.
Q. to prosecutor. Would that key open your desk ?
Prosecutor. Yes, my Lord, it would lock and unlock it very well.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


