





407. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jenkins 
                  



               
            , late of St. Andrew's, Holbourn


, was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 3 s. 6 d. from 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gravener 
                        




                      
                  , secretly, and without the knowledge of the said Gravener
            , May 27
.


                  John 
                  Gravener 
               



            . Last Saturday night about 12 o'clock, as I was coming from Chick-lane


, and taking leave of my friend, the prisoner came and made a push at me, put his hand into my pocket, and took my handkerchief away. I miss'd it in a minute, there was no other person near me but him and the gentleman I was parting from. The prisoner was not gone above three yards from us, so I went and took hold on him, and carry'd him into the castle ale-house, which was about 10 yards off. Upon my searching him, I found nothing upon him; where I took hold of him I observ'd him make a motion with his arm as though he had thrown something away. After I had got sufficient persons to take care of him, I borrow'd a candle and lanthorn, and went to the place where I suspected, and there found my handkerchief. He pretended to be fuddled, and to know nothing of the matter. I got him committed.


                  Samuel 
                  Heyley 
               



            . I was leaning on Mr. Gravener's arm when the prisoner came up to us. He made a push on Mr. Gravener, who turn'd about immediately, and said the man had pick'd my pocket, and laid hold of him by the collar, and we took him into the ale-house. I am sure the prisoner is the very man. - The rest as the former witness.
Prisoner's Defence.
When I was pass'd by this gentleman, whether I touch'd him or not I can't tell, he took hold on my collar, and said, I had got his handkerchief. I said, I had not. Said he, G - d d - n you, come hither along with me, firrah. He took me into an ale-house, search'd me, and found nothing upon me. Then he said, he suppos'd I had drop'd it. He went out and came in again, and said, the watchman had taken it up; and said, d - n you, I'll hang you for it; saying, you are a rogue, and an old one at it, for you did it very clean. He ask'd me where I liv'd, I told him. Said he, did you take it out ? no said I, I did not. Then I was taken before the Justice, and sent to Clarkenwell Bridewell. I never wrong'd man, woman, or child in my life.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


