






295, 296. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Longman 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cook 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one wooden box, one cotton gown, value 5 s. one cotton petticoat, one camblet gown, val. 6 s. one cloth cloak, eleven linnen caps, three linnen shirts, one silk bonnet, one silk hood, one cambrick handkerchief ; one gause handkerchief, one linnen apron, two muslin aprons
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Wadley 
                  




                
            , spinster.

May 17
. +


                  Mary 
                  Wadley 
               



            . I came a passenger on board a ship that lay off the Tower wharf


 : I heard a man call out there were thieves, so I put my hand over my bedside, for I was in bed, and miss'd my box, with the things mentioned in the indictment in it. She mentions them over. After a little time some of the sailors brought the box with them to me again.
Q. Were the prisoners sailors on board that vessel?
Wadley. No, they were not.


                  Thomas 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I was on board this vessel, and got up in the morning, the 17th of May, between two and three o'clock, I saw a white handkerchief lying on the deck, and two men drop over the side of the ship into the boat and go off, on which I call'd out, and the woman said all her cloaths were gone. I went in a boat on the Surry side, and took the prisoner Cook, with the box and things in it, and that gown the prosecutrix has now on all over mud, he had them in a boat; and I brought him and the things back. Longman was found in a lighter near him all wet, as though he had been in the river Thames.
Q. Can you say Longman was one of the two men you saw go off in the boat?
Taylor. I will not say that.
Q. Was any thing found in his possession ?
Taylor. No, there was not.
Q. Did he make any confession?
Taylor. No, my lord, he did not. The box produced. This is the same box I found in the possession of Cook.
Prosecutrix. This box I lost at that time with my things in it.


                  Stephen 
                  Hostler 
               



            . I belong to a ship that lay next to the ship where the prosecutrix was robb'd, I was awake and heard somebody call out robbers, I ran forwards and saw two men in a wherry, I took our own boat, and two of our servants in her, and rowed after them; but when I came there the two prisoners were taken. I can't say they are the same men that I saw in the wherry, but Cook was never out of the boat.
Longman's Defence.
I had no concern at all in the thing.
Cook had nothing to say.
Longman 

               Acq
            .
Cook 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


