






290, 291. (M) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Perkins 
                  , otherwise 
Burgin




            , spinster
, and 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife
 to 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Evans 
                     







            , were indicted for 


               stealing 103 yards of ribband. value 40 s.
             the goods of 


                           William 
                           Waters 
                        




                      and Co.







May 17
. ++


                  William 
                  Waters 
               



            . I live in Russel street


, Covent Garden. On the 17th of May, the two prisoners came into my shop, and asked me if I had got any hats to sell, I did not like the looks of them, so told them I had none for them, then they asked me for some ribbands, I shewed them four or five boxes with some; Evans bought a little remnant for her child. A gentleman came into the shop, and at the same time I was talking to him, I suppose, Perkins took the opportunity to take 4 pieces of coloured ribband, of which I shall give an account hereafter. The gentleman went out again; I took all the drawers, except one, with black ribbands in it, and put them on one side to be out of their way. Perkins said, you say you have no hats, I see you have got some; I said they are not fit for you, they are 4 s. a piece; she said, I suppose you'll take 3 s. 6 d. I fetched 2 or 3, then she said, there are more in that case ; I said they were the same, she said she chose to see them. As I was upon the counter, I saw her hand in the box, and take out two pieces of black ribband, and put them into her pocket; then she said, I think, I'll have a yard of this black ribband. The person that I am in partnership with was in bed, and by moving a small curtain could see what was done in the shop; he saw her take this ribband, he came out of the room, and ran to the shop door, and locked it; then Perkins took these four pieces of coloured ribband, and threw them into the box amongst the black ones, and the two pieces of black along with them ; one of the pieces of black fell on the ground. We sent for a constable, and he carried them to the warehouse, and from thence to Justice Fielding; there they both begged for mercy.
The prisoners had nothing to say for themselves.
Perkins, 

               Guilty
            .
Evans, 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


