








136. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Lee 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silk capuchin, one pair of gold earrings, one pair of silver shoe buckles, one pair of stays, and one cotton skirt
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Campbell 
                  



spinster


, Jan. 1


. +


                  John 
                  Midleton 
               



            . I am father in law to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Campbell 
               



            . She is a child
. I keep a publick house near Wapping New-stairs. On the 1st of January she went out in the afternoon to school; I saw her at dinner, and go out to go to school between two and three in the afternoon. She then had on a capuchin, cotton skirt, a pair of stays, and a pair of gold ear-rings; and she was brought home about eight at night with only her shift, petticoat, jacket, shoes and stockings on.
Q. Did you ever find any of these things again?
Midleton. No, I never did. The prisoner was taken up, and charged with stripping the child; she utterly denied it.


                  John 
                  Winter 
               



            . I saw the prisoner with the child, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Campbell 
               



            , in her hand, about the second Wednesday in January, between four and five o'clock.
Q. to Midleton. Where does your child go to school?
Midleton. She goes to school in Edward-Street.
Q. How far is that from your house?
Midleton. It is not a quarter of a mile.
Q. Do you send her without a servant with her?
Midleton. I do.
Q. to Winter. Where did you see her?
Winter. I saw her at the Royal-Oak, near Newmarket-Street, Wapping, just by Edward-Street.
Q. How far is that from Mr. Midleton's house?
Winter. About a quarter of a mile.
Q. Is it in the child's way home?
Winter. It is. The prisoner at the bar brought the child in, and call'd for a pint of beer, and then drank to me; I thought she had been some lady's servant in the neighbourhood.
Q. Did you know the child before?
Winter. I had seen the child before many times, but did not know who were its parents. The prisoner went out with the child, and I saw no more of her.
Q. How long did she stay there?
Winter. She staid a few minutes.
Q. Which way did she go with the child?
Winter. I did not see which way she went.
Q. How was the child dress'd?
Winter. She had a black silk capuchin on.


                  John 
                  Clew 
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar at the Royal-Oak that night, with the child in her hand. She drank to me also.
Q. How was the child dressed?
Clew. I did not take much notice of that; I believe she had a capuchin on. The next day we went to the child's mother's house; the child said we were in the house when the woman and she were there; the mother desired we would try to find her out.
Q. Did you observe which way the woman and child went?
Clew. No, I did not.


                  Thomas 
                  Bucknell 
               



            . I can't swear to the prisoner, I know the child very well. A woman came into the Royal-Oak with the child. We were all in company. She drank to Mr. Winter. When we were coming away she and the child turn'd down a little passage, just by the Cat and Bagpipes.
Q. Is that the way to go to Mr. Midleton's house?
Bucknell. No, it is not. It is a thorough-fare, but to where I can't tell.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw the child in my life before I saw her before the justice.



               Acquitted
            .
She was a second time indicted for 


               stealing one gold necklace with a locket set in silver, value 5 s. and one pair of gold wires
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Markby 
                  



                
            , spinster
, Feb. 11


. +


                  Sarah 
                  Markby 
               



            . I live at Wapping, just by King-Edward's stairs. On Wednesday the 11th of February, I sent my child, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Markby 
               



            , into Falmouth-Street of an errand, between ten and eleven, alone.
Q. What had she about her neck?
S. Markby. She had a pair of gold beads, and a cypher locket set in silver; and a pair of gold wires in her ears. Between twelve and one came a gentlewoman and ask'd me if I had lost one of my children. I said I have sent one of an errand. She said she is in Whitechapel




, and has been strip'd. I then sent for my husband, he is a waterman, and then went to see if I could meet with my child; but while I was gone she was brought home by the beadle of Whitechapel. She was much frighted, and said a woman had carry'd her to an alehouse in Stepney, and gave her a bun, and then took her ear-rings and necklace.
Q. Did you ever find them again?
S. Markby. No, I never did.
Q. How came you to take up the prisoner?
S. Markby. I went to Mr. Harding's, at Stepney, the house where the child said she had been, and described the woman, as the child had done to me; then the maid said she knew her, and gave me intelligence of her; so I took her up.
Q. How far is Stepney from your house?
S. Markby. It is better than a mile from it.


                  Ann 
                  Vesper 
               



            . I live at Mr. Harding's, at Spring-Gardens, Stepney. This child (pointing to it) came last Wednesday was fortnight to our house, along with the prisoner at the bar. The prisoner ask'd me if I had any new buns, and said, Sally will you have one? the child said yes. She had her gold necklace on, and her wires in her ears then.
Q. What time of the day was this ?
A. Vesper. This was about eleven o'clock. Then she said, come, now we'll go and have a pint of ale; then she had a pint of two-penny; after which she went out at our gate, that goes towards the church-yard.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
A. Vesper. I had seen her several times at our house.



               Acquitted
            .
She was a third time indicted for 


               stealing one cloth cloak, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Craggs 
                  



                
            , May 1


. +


                  Susannah 
                  Craggs 
               



            . I sent my child on the 1st of May (her name is 
               
                  Esther 
                  Craggs 
               



            ) to the cooper's.
Q. Where does he live?
S. Craggs. He lives in Ratcliff-Highway.
Q. Where do you live?
S. Craggs. I live in Falmouth-Street, Shadwell.
Q. How old is your child?
S. Craggs. She is ten years of age.
Q. What had she on when she went out ?
S. Craggs. She had a jacket, petticoat, and a scarlet cloth cloak on.
Q. What time of the day did she go from you?
S. Craggs. About seven at night; but I did not see her till between nine and ten, when the neighbours brought her home. She then had not the cloak.
Q. Did you ever find it afterwards ?
S. Craggs. I found the prisoner at the bar, and she own'd she had the cloak, but had pawn'd it.
Q. Where did you find her?
S. Craggs. In Norton-Falgate, where she lived. I went there by five o'clock in the morning and found her mother; I then ask'd for the prisoner, but she told me her daughter was not at home. I look'd about and saw her lying on the floor, and by the description my child had given me, there lay her hat and cloaths by her. I said young woman get up, and let me have the cloak you took from my child such a day, or I'll charge an officer with you. She got up, and told me my child gave it her, and she had pawn'd it. Her mother said, Madam, if you will not make a disturbance, you shall have the cloak. I insisted the prisoner should go with me to the pawnbroker's. She went with me to a pawnbroker in Bell-Yard, Whitechapel. She there told the pawnbroker's wife she brought it herself on Saturday morning, the cloak was produced there, and this is it ( holding one in her hand.)


                  John 
                  Clawson 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I live at the place the prosecutrix mention'd. I can't say I ever saw the cloak before last night; nor I don't know that I ever saw the prisoner before; but I am not always in the shop.
Q. Where is your wife?
Clawson. She is at home; we could not both leave the shop together.
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


