





425. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fife 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve silk and cotton handkerchiefs, value 24 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Lewis 
                           Chavat 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Limber 
                        



                      
                  , privately in their warehouse
            , Sept. 22
.* 
Benjamin Skingle. I live at Mr. Chavat and Limber's, in Crispin-Street, Spitalfields, who are in the handkerchief trade; on the 22d of September we lost a dozen of silk and cotton handkerchiefs out of our warehouse.

Q. What were they worth?
Skingle. Twenty-four shillings; they were taken off the counter behind the door. I had sold them to a person but about half an hour before I missed them.
Q. What time of the day did you miss them?
Skingle. I missed them about three in the afternoon.
Q. Does the prisoner do business in your warehouse?
Skingle. No, he used to do business at the printer's.
Q. How came he there?
Skingle. He came to get a petition sign'd, and I bid him stay a little; he went out to a publick house, but did not come back: This was a little before two o'clock.
Q. Did you see him take them?
Skingle. No, I did not.
Q. Were they ever found again ?
Skingle. No, they were not; he was taken up, and being charged with them confessed he took them, before Peter Turquend.


                  Peter 
                  Turquend 
               



            . I am clerk at Mess. Chavat and Limber's, and was in the compting house when the prisoner was brought in after taken, when I heard him confess the fact.
Q. When was this?
Turquend. This was about a week after; he confessed he took a dozen of handkerchiefs out of the warehouse from behind the door.
Q. What were they worth?
Turquend. About 24 s.
Prisoner's Defenc e. I am not guilty of it.
To his Character.


                  William 
                  Gordon 
               



            . I live in Ropemakes-Alley, Little Morefields, and the prisoner lodged in my house upwards of five years; I always took him to be an honest man, he paid his rent well, and took care of his family.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


