







531. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bath 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linen frock, value 1 s. two cloth coats, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Rundel 
                  



                
            , July 7


.
The prosecutor not appearing, he was 


               acquitted
            .
The Court ordered his recognizance to be estreated.
(M.) He was a second time indicted for that he, on the eighth of July


, 


               about the hour of two in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Abrahams 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, one linen shift, two linen caps, two linen aprons, one table cloth, two pair of hand vices, one pin vice, one pair of dividers, and four silver inside boxes to watches, did steal, take, &c.
             ++


                  Benjamin 
                  Abraham 
               



            . I live in Lamb's Court , Clerkenwell




. Betwixt the eighth and ninth of July my kitchen forewindow was broke open; the spring to the key was broke off before, so that by turning the bolt round, the key would fall out; which was the case here. All was fast over night, when I went to bed, which was betwixt nine and ten, but when I got up, which was about a quarter after four the next morning, (having heard a noise about three quarters of an hour before) I found the kitchen window open, as also the door; there was likewise a pane of glass broke before, through which hole it was easy to pass a hand to open the casement. We then missed the goods mentioned, and the linen taken from below. There was a door broke to get up stairs in the garret, which is my work-shop, from whence I missed the tools mentioned, and the silver boxes to watches. I had been at work over night, between eight and nine o'clock, with the vices, and saw the boxes lie before me.


                  James 
                  Sharwood 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I was out this night, and came home about half an hour after ten, and went up to bed. I lay in the work shop, but heard nothing, till next morning Mr. Abraham came to me, and told me all was open below, and the things gone. About a week after the prisoner and the evidence were taken. The evidence told me the tools were at the pawnbroker's on Snow-hill. I went there, and they brought me a hand vice, a pin vice, and dividers down. I went back to Baily in Bridewell, he said they were all there; then I went to New Prison, and the prisoner said, I do assure you the tools are all there. I went to the pawnbroker again, then he brought me another hand vice, and a pair of old nippers. Produced in Court, and deposed to by Mr. Abraham and this evidence.
Q. Did the prisoner confess any thing?
Sharwood. He did not positively say he was along with the evidence, but he did in part. I did not ask him whether he was one or not that robbed the house.


                  Samuel 
                  Baily 
               



            . About ten weeks ago, about half an hour after twelve at night, the prisoner and I went to Mr. Abraham's house in Lamb's Court, where we turned the pin of the window, and the key dropped out. I opened the shutter, then put my head throught the hole where a pane was out, opened the casement, and took down a pair of white curtains from that window, and handed out some knives and forks. We both got into the house, where we took a shift, two caps, two aprons, and a table cloth. Then we went up into a garret, which was a work-shop; there we took four silver watch boxes, two pair of hand vices, a pair of nippers, and a pair of dividers. We sold the four watch boxes to one Scampey, a Jew, for five shillings, and the prisoner pawned the tools at three different times upon Snow-hill, at the Three Balls, and I stood at the door each time.
Prisoner. Ask him if he did not meet me near the Fleet-market, and say, As you are cleaner than I, do you go and pawn them for me.
Baily to the Q. Yes, I did. We had got no money, and I said you may as well get some money on them, for you are cleanest.


                  Thomas 
                  Slater 
               



            . I think the prisoner at the bar brought the tools to me, and I lent him three shillings, or three shillings and sixpence, I know not which, upon them. He had a fustian frock on, and not dressed as he is now.
Q. What name were they pawned in?
Slater. They were pawned in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Bath 
               



            .
Q. Did he say that was his name?
Slater. He did, my Lord. He brought them at three several times. We had that fustian frock once pledged for sixpence.
Q. to Baily. What sort of clothes had the prisoner on when he pawned the things?
Baily. He had on a cloth coat.
Prisoner's Defence.
The evidence Baily's brother saw him with this frock on, that was mentioned, and which I pawned for him ; but he hearing that it was advertised, and thinking to clear his brother, took him up, in order to make him an evidence against me; then he laid hold on me also. Baily said he was in the right of it, and that he would turn evidence and hang me.




               Guilty of the felony, Acquitted of the burglary
            .
He was a second time indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Jeremiah 
                           Cleave 
                        



                      
                  , on the 11th of July


 in the night, and stealing out thence forty-two pieces of brass, for bottoms of candlesticks, value 30 s. six bodies of tea-kettles, value 18 s. five brass bottoms of warming-pans, unfinished, value 7 s. and other things
            , the goods of the said Jeremiah. ++
Jer. Cleave. I live in the new road leading to the New Wells, London Spaw




. I went out about nine at night, on the eleventh of July, and fastened the door and windows; I returned about twelve, and found it broke. I was then a single man. Two of the window-shutters were open at the ground window, and one of the hinges was wrenched; the sash slides sideways, but I am not sure whether that was put too before I went out. I missed the goods mentioned in the indictment, and advertised them. Shortly after I was sent for to Justice Chamberlain's, for Baily's brother-in-law came and told me, he thought he could help me to my things. I went with him to Islington, to the Duke of Cumberland's Head, there Baily owned the thing very freely, and I found some of the goods; the others were brought to me by the prisoner's own brother. I asked Baily how he came to serve me so, because I knew him when he was a boy. He said he was sorry for it, and hung down his head. The prisoner directed me to Mrs. Wood's, at the corner of St. Ann's Lane, where I found some of the things. The goods produced in Court, and deposed to.



                  John 
                  Townsend 
               



            . I was the constable. I was before Justice Chamberlain about other business, and Baily was there. The Justice bid me take charge of him, and go with him by his directions for some tea-kettles, which I found.


                  Samuel 
                  Baily 
               



            . I do not know the time, but it was the Thursday after the other robbery. About half an hour after nine, between Codpiss-row and London Spaw, in the new road, where the prosecutor's house is, the prisoner and I found the shutters all fast, so that we could not get in; at last I stood upon the prisoner's shoulders, and put my hand through the window shutters, pulled back the bolt, and got the shutter open. There were a great many things lay in the window. We both went into the house, took the things mentioned, and hid them in a ditch in a field amongst some nettles. Some odd things we sold. My own brother took us in Fleet-street.



Guilty 39 s.
Acquitted of the burglary.





[Transportation. See summary.]


