





421. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Gardner 
                  , otherwise 
Brown




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one guinea, and fifteen shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Hancock 
                  




                
            , June 19
.||


                  Mary 
                  Hancock 
               



            . The prisoner came into our shop the 19th of June and desired change for a 36 s. piece, saying, he had been all over the neighbourhood and could not get it chang'd. I ask'd him if a guinea and a half and the rest in silver would do. He said, not so well. At first he said, if I would lend him eight shillings he would leave the 36 s. piece with me, and pointed to a coach that stood empty, saying, he wanted it to pay the coachman. I laid down a guinea and told out fifteen shillings upon the counter, he took it up: then he said, be so good as to let your little boy go with me for the 36 s. piece; saying, here boy, take the change, and gave it him. I said to the boy, go with the gentleman. My husband was at the next door but one, and I sent to him as soon as they were gone.


                  Henry 
                  Crowder 
               



            . I am twelve years of age.
Q. Do you know the nature of an oath?
Crowder. Yes, I do.
Q. What would be the consequence of taking a false oath?
Crowder. That is damnation.
He is sworn.
Crowder. I live with Mr. Hancock. This day fortnight the prisoner came to our window and look'd in, and ask'd my mistress, if she would be so good as to change him a 36 s. piece. My mistress said, will a guinea and a half do and the rest in silver? He said, it would not so well, because he wanted to pay his coach hire. She counted the money down. He said, be to good as to let the boy go along with me, and I will give him the 36 s. piece. My mistress said, go along with the gentleman; so he put the money in my hand and I went with him. At the turning of the corner he ask'd me for the money, but I did not give it him readily. He said, D - n you, you dog, give me the money. He took it as quick as he could out of my hand, and bid me stay there and not stir away.
Q. Was you willing he should have the money?
Crowder. I refused it him, till he took it. Presently my master came to me, the prisoner ran as fast as he could up the street. My master ask'd me, whether that was the man. I could not forbear crying, but said it was, as well as I could. My master ran after him and took hold of him, I saw him.
Q. Did you lose fight of him from the time he took the money out of your hand, to the time your master took hold of him?
Crowder. No, I did not.
Q. from the prisoner. Did not Justice Fielding refuse that boy's taking an oath?


                  Daniel 
                  Hancock 
               



            . Yes, he did. I am a baker
. the former witness is my wife. I had been at Harrow-on-the-Hill, and from thence to Edgar, to buy wood, and came home about eight o'clock. About a quarter before nine we went to supper, then I went to the alehouse, next door but one, to get a pint of beer; I went in but drank none; my maid came in and said, Sir, you must come home this moment. I ran immediately, my wife was at the door, she said, I am afraid that man is a sharper, pointing to the prisoner, he then was within two hundred yards of me. She told me what she had done, and wished I would go and see he did not trick-the boy. I saw him all the way till I came there, and saw him stop the boy, but what he said to him I cannot tell. He laid fast hold on his hand, the boy turn'd back and cry'd, and the prisoner ran away as fast as he could towards Audley-street, he was got a good way beyond the coach. I came up to the boy and said, is that the fellow? I did not stay for an answer but run after him, and laid hold on him in Audley-street. He said, what do you want? d - n you. Thirty six shillings, said I. Here it is, said he, and gave it me. Said I, I will know who you are, and what you are. Said he, do you know what you have done? you have compounded a felony. I got assistance and took him into an alehouse. He said, you don't know who I am, if you did you would not play these tricks upon me. He offered me five hundred pound bail. There was a man came to me in a ruffled shirt, but his cloaths were very ragged, who said, he would produce me five hundred pound bail. Said I, where do you live? He did not choose to tell me. Said I, it is true you have a ruffled shirt, but you have no breeches. All I could get of him was, he was a gentleman.
Prisoner. Ask the boy, whether I did not desire him to go with me to a gentleman that wanted the change to pay me half a guinea; and if he did not make answer, take the money and go to the gentleman.
Crowder. This is false, I held it in my hand and he took it away by force.
Prisoner's defence.
I live in Barnaby-street : I went to see a person in Grosvenor-street, and coming back again over Grosvenor's-square I met one 
               
                  Richard 
                  James 
               



             that ow'd me half a guinea. I said to him, I am very glad to see you, I have not seen you for half a year, you know you owe me half a guinea. Said he, if you will give me change for a 36 s. piece I will pay you; and bid me go and get it chang'd and he would stay there. I being in liquor went into the shop to ask for change for this piece, and she gave it me. I said, I had not the piece, the man that owes me the half guinea has got that. Said she, you look like a gentleman, I hope you will not go to cheat me; so I gave the money to the little boy. Going along I saw my friend take to his heels, so I took the money and ran after him. When the master came and ask'd me, if I was the man that came to his shop for change for a 36 s. piece, I said, yes, and gave him the money.


                  John 
                  Maddocks 
               



            . I never knew him till the time he was confined in Bridewell; the boy was to be examined before Justice Fielding at the sessions; he said, he did not know the meaning of an oath; his master told him what to say at the King's Arms. I said to the boy, have you been sworn? Said the boy, my master bid me say, damnation if I take a wrong oath.
Court. If the master instructed the boy into the nature of an oath, and the danger of taking a false one, he did right.
To his Character.


                  Joseph 
                  Mills 
               



            . I am a shoemaker: I have known the prisoner nine months: I have work'd for him, and he paid me very honestly. I never heard his character blasted till this time.


                  John 
                  Osbourne 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from the first of July, fifty, then he took a house of me, and paid his rent very honestly. I live at a distance from him.


                  Henry 
                  Williams 
               



            . I have known him about nine months, I never heard any ill of him.
Q. What business is the prisoner?
Osbourne. He told me he was a tides-man
.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


