






314, 315. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Burling 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Bowles 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one wooden till, value 1 d. and 6 s. 2 d, in money number'd
            , the money and goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     How 
                  




                
            , March 7
. +


                  Joseph 
                  How 
               



            . I live in Shore-ditch


: On Thursday the 7th of March, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I lost my till; about five minutes after I miss'd it, a lad came and ask'd me if I had lost one, saying, two lads were taken with one, and were at the George alehouse ; I knew there were sundry monies in it, both silver and halfpence; there was found in it, when in the prisoners possession, 6 s. 2 d. I am certain there was more when taken out of my shop. I described the particulars of the till before I saw it; I know nothing who took it, the prisoners did not own the taking it.


                  William 
                  Elsigood 
               



            . I live in Shore-ditch, and was sitting at a publick-house door at this time: I saw Burling go into Mr. How's shop, the other lad was not with him; he came out with the till under his arm, and walk'd on in the middle of the highway as unconcerned as could be; I thought it to be a log of wood.
Q. Do you know the other prisoner?
Elsigood. No, my Lord. I never saw him before I saw him at the alehouse.
Wilkinson Glover. I saw the two prisoners and another person together on the 7th of March last, about three or four o'clock as I was at my shop door, Burling had the till under his arm at the corner of George yard within a door of my house, I was not quite near enough to hear what they said. I went up to them to see what they had got, they had got two hats put into the till over the money to hide it, the till having a partition in it, and as they walked along neither of the prisoners had a hat on. I took hold of Burling, Bowles ran away; I took off one of the hats and saw it was money. Somebody called out stop thief, then Bowles was stop'd; then I sent my boy out to know who had lost a till, and the prosecutor came, there were in the till four shillings and eight pence half penny in half pence, and one shilling and six pence in silver.


                  James 
                  Cardineau 
               



            . I live in Shoreditch, I was in my compting-house and saw the street in an uproar; I saw Bowles come running without a hat, a neighbour of mine stop'd him; he said what do you stop me for? the gentleman said, what makes you run? he said he was running after the thief; the gentleman said there was no body gone by ; he was taken to the George where Burling was; there were the two hats which I believe were theirs, but they said they did not know one another.
Burling's Defence.
As I was going up Shoreditch I happened to see a till, I took it to be a drawer, it was behind some shutters, I took it up and carried it along, and I was stop'd with it.
Burling 

               Guilty
            , Bowles 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


