





231. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Parrot 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one bridle for a chaise-horse, value 5 s. one pair of reins, value 1 s. 6 d. one britching and black strap
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Barbernell 
                  




                
            , Feb. 27
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Jones 
               



            . The things mentioned were delivered to me the 27th of February; they are the property of 
               
                  David 
                  Barbernell 
               



            ; I act under my mother who keeps a livery stable, the White Horse in Bury-street; the harness were hung up in the yard about three in the afternoon, and I missed them the next day; I heard the prisoner confess she stole them out of the yard about eleven o'clock that night.


                  Andrew 
                  Ward 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess before the Justice on the Monday, that as she was going by the rails at the side of the yard, she saw the harness hanging up against a brick wall in the yard, that she went into the yard and took them away, and carried them to 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Frampton 
               



            , who was a constable, and buys such goods, (he is not here) he stopp'd the goods, and so we came by them again.
Frampton did not appear, and his Recognizance was ordered to be estreated.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going to buy a pair of shoes, a man having these things to sell, told me he would give me six-pence to go and sell these things to 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Frampton 
               



            , saying he owed him money, and if he went himself he would stop the money.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


