













105, 196, 197. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Guest 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Mason 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one iron stove, one pair of tongs, one poker, one fender, five cane chairs, one tin boiler, two knives, one spade, one hammer, one mahogony tea-board,
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Matth.ew 
                     Best 
                  



                
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Henfield 
                  



               
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , March 28




. +


                  Matthew 
                  Best 
               



            . I have a little place situate in the parish of Shoreditch






, out of which I lost a stove, a pair of tongs, a poker, a fender, two brushes, a spade, five cane chairs, a tin boiler, two knives, a hammer, and a mahogony tea-board.

Q. When did you miss them?
Best. I was inform'd of it on the 20th of March. I went there on the 21st, and found my place broke open, and the things gone.
Q. Have you found any of your things again?
Best. I have found the five cane chairs, the the spade and tongs, at the house of Henfield in Shoreditch. I had a warrant from justice Fielding and search'd.
Q. What is Henfield ?
Best. He is a Broker, and Pawnbroker
.
Q. What are Guest and Mason?
Best. I know nothing of them; or how they came by the goods, only by the account that the evidence Child gives.
Q. Did you hear either of the prisoners confess any thing about the goods?
Best. No.
Cross Examination.
Q. Are you sure you know these things you mention?
Best. I am. Here is one chair; I thought it would be needless to bring the rest. Produc'd. This is my property, the others are fellows to it. The tongs also has been my property for years. The spade I had bought but a little before.
Q. Whereabouts is this house of your's?
Best. It is on a piece of ground, divided out into lots, at the Shepherd and Shepherdess in Shoreditch parish.


                  John 
                  Child 
               



            . About two months or nine weeks ago, or thereabouts, the two prisoners, Guest, Mason, and I, met at the London Factory, and went to the house the prosecutor has mentioned, and broke it open with a chissel and pinchers, which we carried with us; and we took out four or five chairs with cane bottoms and backs to them, a stove, a fender, a pair of tongs, and a wooden shovel, and some crockery ware.
Q. What did you do with them?
Child. We carried them to my house on Clerkenwell-Green, and there we sold them to he other prisoner at the bar.
Q. When did you sell them?
Child. I think it was the next day, or the lay after.
Q. Did you sell them all to him?
Child. We did; and they all went together.
Q. Did he know how you came by them?
Child. I can't say that he did.
Q. What did he give you for them?
Child. I can't justly tell that.
Q. Who had the money?
Child. I believe part of the money was paid to my wife.
Q. How long after this was it that you was taken up?
Child I cannot say how long.
Q. Where was you taken up?
Child. I was taken up a little beyond Stafford.
Q. How came you to be taken up there?
Child. Because I was sent out of the way on the account of robbing Stepney church.
Q. How do you mean by being sent away?
Child. I was advised to go out of the way.
Q. Did Guest or Mason advise you to go out of the way?
Child. No.
Q. Had Henfield ever received any goods of you before this?
Child. Yes; he knew a great many things were stolen that he receiv'd, and had talk'd with me about things we had stole several times.
Q. Did you carry them at night or in the day?
Child. We kept them in my cellar 'till they were sold, and they went altogether by day.
Q. Did Henfield know of your going off?
Child. He did; he was one that advised me to go off about Stepney church affair.
Cross Examination.
Q. What a house did you keep at that time?
Child. I kept a house at Clerkenwell-Green.
Q. What trade did you follow ?
Child. I follow'd no trade.
Q. Was not you a Broker?
Child. I was once, but not then.
Q. What was you apprehended for in Staffordshire ?
Child. I was charg'd with horse-stealing.

Q. Were not these goods distrain'd in your house by your landlord?
Child. No; there was no rent due for my house then. I had not been in it a month.
Q. When was you at Stafford?
Child, I was there on the 29th of March.
Q. How long was you there?
Child. I was there a month.
Q. How long have you been come here again to London?
Child. About a fortnight.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  Caleb 
                  Blake 
               



             ?
Child. No.
Q. Was not you tenant to him?
Child. No; not as I know of.
Q. Was Mr Cheslyn your landlord?
Child. I do not know my landlord's name upon Clerkenwell-Green.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  Richard 
                  Whitten 
               



            ?
Child. No.
Q. How came you to make this information against these people, and many others?
Child. Because I was question'd about it; I was advis'd what to say; and how to go on, if I should be ask'd about it.
Q. What did Henfield advise you to do?
Child. He advis'd me to deny it, if I should be charg'd with it.
Q. Who was you examin'd before, in Stafford-shire?
Child. I was examin'd before Mr Boothby.
Q. Did you give any account there, of the taking these goods?
Child. No.
Q. Why did you not?
Child. Because they bid me to deny every thing.
Q. Did you charge Henfield there?
Child. I did; I said he was the man that bought the goods; but I cannot say whether I mention'd it or not; if I did, I have forgot it.
Q. Do you remember any thing of a bill of sale made for these goods, to a person that was distraining at your house?
Child. No, I do not; I remember Henfield offer'd me thirty-seven pounds, before I went off.
Q. Do you remember Hemsworth, and another person, coming after you, in order to take you and Guest, at a house in Field-lane?
Child. No, I never came to Field-lane; it was to Clerkenwell; Hemsworth came himself.
Q. What did he come to you for?
Child. He came to me, and said; whatever you do, get off; for if you do not, we shall come into bad bread; for they have found the lead; and if you get off, they will make it up cass.


                  Sarah 
                  Harris 
               



            . I live with Mr Best: I saw the goods at Mr Henfield's; we fetch'd them away; there were five chairs: One of which is here produc'd; the tongs produc'd also; depos'd to by Mr Best. and Sarah Harris; Best depos'd also to the Shovel.


                  William 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I am a constable: these things, with four other cane chairs, were taken out of Henfield's house.
Q. Where was Henfield at the time?
Reynolds. He was not at home.


                  David 
                  Tasker 
               



            . I was sent for by the evidence Child, to fetch Mr Henfield, or any other broker, to buy his goods: I being acquainted with Mr Henfield, went and fech'd him; and he bought the goods of Mr Child; and they remain'd at Child's house, from the twenty-seventh of March, 'till Easter-Monday: in that time, Mrs Child was to have had the goods again, in order to let the rooms out in ready-furnish'd lodgings: but when Mr Child was taken at Stafford, and in goal, he sent for her to come down, and also to bring some money: Henfield had paid 6 l. and was to give fourteen; she wanted the money, and was forc'd to part with the goods; so he paid her the remainder.
Q. What are you?
Tasker. I am a Weaver.
Q. Did Henfield advise Child to go away?
Tasker. I cannot say he ever did.
Q. Did you hear Mr Fielding tell Henfield that Child was run away for felony?
The Second Part of these Proceedings will be published in a few Days.






THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON, And also the Gaol Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 30th, Thursday the 31st of MAY; and Friday the 1st of JUNE, 1759.
In the Thirty-second Year of His MAJESTY'S Reign. NUMBER V. PART II. for the YEAR 1759. Being the fifth SESSIONS in the MAYORALTY of The Right Honble Sir 
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GLYN 
                  



               , Knt. LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
LONDON:
Printed, and sold by M. COOPER, at the Globe in Pater-noster-Row. 1759.
[Price Four-Pence.]

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery held for the City of LONDON, &c.



                  DAVID 
                  TASKER 
               



            . Yes, I did; that was on Easter-Monday, at night; the goods were fetch'd away that same day; he advis'd Henfield and me, and said, he would put us in a way that we should act with safety: for his having paid the woman part of the money before, for the goods, he paid the rest of the money on the Wednesday or Thursday afterwards; but the Justice order'd him not to pay her; I imagin'd he thought he had bought them safe.
Q. Did Henfield know that Child was a thief?
Tasker. No, I do not know that he did; there was a report of some mahogany being stole, and sold; that was the reason that Henfield ask'd advice of the justice.
Cross Examination.
Q. Who sent you to bring Henfield to buy the goods?
Tasker. Child himself did.
Q. What business did Child follow?
Tasker. In Field-lane, he follow'd the business of a Broker; but these goods were his own houshold-furniture.
Q. Were the goods distrain'd for rent?
Tasker. They were.
Q. By whom?
Tasker. By Whitton, in the house of Child.
Q. Where was Child, when his goods were distrain'd ?
Tasker. He was then in town.
Q. Are you sure of that?
Tasker. I am.
Q. Was the sending for Henfield to buy these goods, before or after the distraining?
Tasker. It was before.
Q. Do you know one Mr Blake?
Tasker. I do; he was landlord of the house where he then lived; he collected rents f Mr Cheslyn: I believe Child had been in the house about three weeks or a month before this happen'd.
Q. Do you know what was due for rent ?
Tasker. There were 2 l. due for rent: Mr Henfield paid it to Mr Blake; there was an order to pay the rent, before the goods could be taken away.
Q. When was the money paid?
Tasker. To the best of my knowledge, was on Easter-Tuesday.
Q. Did he give you any particular order to keep it a secret?
Tasker. I was to go to Mr Henfield, or any body else: I said, as Mr Henfield is one of your acquaintance, he might come to you; which he did, and took an inventory of the things; and there were two receipts given by them both to Henfield.
Q. Both who?
Tasker. From Guest and Child; each had one.
Q. Had Child any earnest?
Tasker. I believe he had a shilling earnest; and Guest's goods were fetch'd away the next day.
Q. What goods did Guest sell?
Tasker. His goods in his own house.
Q. From what you saw, did it appear to you that Henfield was buying goods, that he knew to be stolen?

Tasker. No, I did not think he did; because he had ask'd Child if the goods were honestly come by? and he said they were: Child came to me on a Saturday night, and said he dare not go home; for he and Guest had bought some lead, and he was afraid it was stolen; and that the Plumber's man had seen a man with a paper in his hand; and they suspected something, and went away instead of going to a publick house where they were going: and then it was that he sent for Henfield to sell his goods.
Q. Did he tell Henfield that ?
Tasker. He did, he told him the same story he told me; I thought he had bought the lead as he had said.
Q. Who did he say Guest and he bought it of?
Tasker. He said, they bought it of two men.
Q. Did he tell you the Plumber's man advis'd him to run away?
Tasker. No, he did not; he said Guest and he had been asking about for the two men; and if they could not find them, they must be tried themselves.
Guest's Defence.
I know nothing of these goods, no more than your Lordship does.
Mason's defence.
I had no manner of concern in it; neither was I ever seen in Child's company, any where whatsoever: I ask'd him before the justice, wherever I was in his company; he could name no house; at last he named a little house in Holy-Well-lane; but I never was in that house with him.
Henfield's Defence.
I was fetch'd by 
               
                  David 
                  Tasker 
               



             to buy Child's and Guest's goods, to a publick house in Whitechapel; there sat Child and Guest: said Child, I am going to sea: What is the matter, said I? said he, I have bought some lead of two men that are rope-makers, and I am afraid it is stolen: I said, I wonder you will meddle with lead; said he, we have been hunting about after them, and cannot find them: I ask'd him who he sold it to? he said, to a Plumber in Bishopsgate-street; and they were going in at a publick house to drink, at the next door; and they saw a man with a piece of paper in his hand, and they went away, and would not go into the house: that is all I know of the matter. They said they were going to abscond.
For Henfield.


                  Richard 
                  Whitten 
               



            . I distrain'd Child's goods.
Q. Was there an inventory made of them ?
Whitten. There was.
Q. Look upon the receipt upon this inventory? (he takes it in his hand )
Whitten. This name is mine; of my own hand-writting.
Q. Whose writting is the other part of it?
Whitten. That is the Attorney that made the seizure.
Q. Where was Child then?
Whitten. He was gone away.
Prosecutor. Mr. Hemsworth did acknowledge to me, he was the person that made the distress; in order to pump out of Child's wife where he was gone to.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Mills 
               



            . I lived with Mr Henfield.
Q. When did you come to live with him?
Mills. I came to him on the sixteenth of March.
Q. Do you remember some goods brought to your master's house from Child's.
Mills. I do.
Q. How were they plac'd?
Mills. They were carried up stairs.
Q. Were not some put out to sale?
Mills. That I cannot justly say.


                  John 
                  Peal 
               



            . I have known Henfield about seven or eight years; he is a tenant of mine.
Q. What is his general character?
Peal. I never knew but that he is a very honest man; I never had any doubt of him as to his honesty.
Reverend Mr Baddiley. I am curate of Shoreditch: I know Henfield very well; and have done ever since he was in that house.
Q. How long is that?
Mr Baddiley. It is about a year or two; he has bore a very good character in the parish; as a very reputable man; he has four children; he is a very industrious man; I never heard any thing of him but what is just and honest.



                  Abraham 
                  Whitehead 
               



            . I know Henfield; he has a very good character; it is an undeniable character; he has paid scot and lot in the parish; and has been always dubious of buying stolen things; I look upon him to be a very honest man.
Q. What are you?
Whitehead. I am a Bricklayer by trade.
Mr Barnard. I have known Henfield five or six years; he has been always very industrio us; I know nothing to the contrary but that he is an honest man; I live just facing of him.


                  John 
                  Shirwell 
               



            . I have known Henfield nine years.
Q. How has he behav'd that time?
Shirwell. Nothing but like an honest man, since I knew him; I look upon him to be a very honest man.


                  James 
                  Shirwood 
               



            . I have known him about eight or nine years; I always took him to be an honest pains-taking man; very industrious and sober.


                  William 
                  Libery 
               



            . I have known Henfield two years.
Q. What is his general character?
Libery. His character has been nothing but that of a very industrious man; and an honest man as far as ever I knew.


                  John 
                  Scarr 
               



            . I have known Henfield four or five years; he is a very industrious honest man; I never heard but that he bore that character.
Mr Abiss. I have known him nine years.
Q. What has been his behaviour and character?
Abiss. It has been that of an honest man, as any in the world; that is the general character that he bears in the neighbourhood.


                  Rebecca 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known him eight years; I have been six months together in his house.
Q. Do you live near him?
Smith. No, my residence is in Coventry; he bears the character of an honest industrious man; he takes a great deal of pains to maintain his family; I believe him to be innocent of any thing laid to his charge.
For Mason.
Reverend Mr Baddiley. Mason is a very industrious man; I have known him ever since I have been at Shoreditch; he constantly comes to Church every Sunday; and takes the Sacrament every month.


                  Abraham 
                  Whitehead 
               



            . Mason has a very good character; he is a very honest man, as far as I know; he has a very large family.


                  John 
                  Scarr 
               



            . I have known Mason eight or nine years.
Q. What has been his character?
Scarr. That of a very honest man; I never heard to the contrary.


                  Arthur 
                  Dean 
               



            . I have known him seven or eight years.
Q. What is general character?
Dean. I never heard that he was guilty of any robbery in my life. He bears the character of an honest man.


                  William 
                  Doleman 
               



            , Esq; I have known Mason seven years; he is an honest industrious man; he keeps his family by dint of industry and honesty. He has work'd for me in mud and dirt in the labouring way.


                  Robert 
                  Monk 
               



            . I have known Mason, I believe, seven or eight years; he is a very honest man, as far as ever I heard or know. I believe him to be a very pains-taking man.
Mr Buckmaster. I have known Mason eight or nine years; he is an honest man as far as ever I heard. I dare say he deserves that character.


                  John 
                  Ratcliff 
               



            . I have known Mason ten or eleven years; I never heard but that he was a very honest man; and I believe him to be such.


                  Edward 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I have known Mason five or six years.
Q. What is his character?
Johnson. He is a very poor honest working man, as any in England.


                  David 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known him thirteen years. All that I know of him is very good; he is a very honest industrious man to bring up his family.


                  James 
                  Coring 
               



            . I have known Mason about three years; I never heard any thing amiss of him; nothing but what is good; and I believe he deserves it.
Mr Isherwood. I have known Mason four years in December. I had a forty gallon still stole from me. It was carried to his house. His character was so good that he took up the thieves, and by that means I had my still again.
All three 

               Acquitted
            .
198. (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Guest 
               



             and 
               
                  Peter 
                  Mason 
               



             were a second time indicted for 


               stealing forty wainscot boards, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Woodhouse 
                  Coker 
               



             , and 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Willoby 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing the same to have been stolen
            , Jan. 15




. +
Woodhouse Coker. I lost some deal boards, and some inch and half wainscot boards, betwixt sixty and seventy boards of them, from out of my timber-yard, on the back of Wood's Close, St James Clerkenwell.
Q. Did you ever meet with any of them again?
Coker. I found nine whole, and half a dozen short pieces of the wainscot ones, at the prisoner Willoby's.
Q. What do you know against the other two prisoners?
Coker. I know nothing more against them, more than what I have heard from Child the evidence; only I have Guest's receipt for them to Willoby. Mr Fielding sent for me, to know of me, whether I had lost some wainscot boards. I had miss'd them about a month before. The justice told me the case which he had had from Child, and desir'd me to go to Willoby's. I went, and his workmen were at work upon my boards. I ask'd him where he had them boards; he said, he bought them of one 
               
                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            . I ask'd him, if he had a bill, or receipt, he produced this, producing one. It is a receipt wrote by Willoby, and sign'd with a mark, wrote on it 
               
                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            's mark.
Q. Did Guest ever say that he sign'd it?
Coker. I never heard him say he did.
Guest. I sign'd that receipt.
Coker. We brought Willoby before justice Fielding, and he bound me over to prosecute. I went to the person that I bought my wainscot of; he went with me to see them: he was as clear as could be that they were my boards.
Cross Examination.
Q. What marks had they upon them?
Coker. They had R H
Q. Where about in Willoby's yard did you find them?
Coker. They lay backwards in his warehouse. There were no other boards when I went first but my own; and when I went to fetch them away in the evening, he had been and bought a parcel of such sort, and put them amongst mine, and put me to some difficulty to find them, they being six feet inch and half boards; and they were plaining their boards over; and put me to destance to know which was my own.
Q. Why did he plain them ?
Coker. All mine had red marks on them, done by the merchant in Holland. Willoby came at ten at night, and brought a man along with him, and said, he could make greater discovery with regard to the loss of my things.
Q. How many men had he at work?
Coker. He had three or four.
Q. Mention the words he said, as near as you can recollect.
Coker. He came to my door, and said, he would be glad to speak to me; and said, I can make some discovery with respect to your yard being robb'd. I said, go to justice Fielding, for I have nothing to say. In the receipt which he told me, he himself wrote, he says, received of Moses Willoby 3 l. 8 s. for wainscot and deal boards.
W. Terrett. I went to Willoby's house, to see if these boards appear'd to be the property of the prosecutor. I examin'd them, and they appear'd most clearly to have been my property. I can't take upon me to say, they are the very boards that I sold him. I know I sold him such, and I have great reason to think they are the same.


                  John 
                  Child 
               



            . 
               
                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            , 
               
                  Peter 
                  Mason 
               



            , and myself, took away them wainscot boards from the gentleman's timber-yard, near Wood's Close, about two months ago; I can't justly tell the time.
Q. How many did you take away?
Child. We took away upwards of sixty.
Q. What time of the day or night?
Child. At night.
Q. At how many times?

Child. In two nights; one night we had done about four in the morning, the other time about two.
Q. Where did you carry them to?
Child. To an old house; after that they were sold to Mr Willoby, and carried to his house in a cart.
Q. How did you carry them to the old house?
Child. On our backs.
Q. Where is that old house?
Child. It is on Clerkenwell-Green.
Q. Where did Willoby first see them?
Child. He first saw them in that old house; then it was uninhabited.
Q. Did Willoby know how you came by them?
Child. I can't remember that he did; but he knew how we came by several parcels that we had sold him before.
Q. Are you a Carpenter?
Child. No; I am not.
Q. Had Guest ever any great stock of boards?
Child. No.
Q. Was nothing said before Willoby, from whence they were taken ?
Child. No.
Q. What had he had of you before?
Child. He had had deals of us before.
Q. What were these wainscot boards sold to him for?
Child. For three pounds odd money: Mr Guest gave the receipt for the money.
Q. Did you see him sign it?
Child. I can't say I did, he always makes his mark.
It is read:
Jan. 15 59 Receiv'd of 
               
                  Moses 
                  Willoby 
               



             3 l. 8 s. for wainscot and deal boards, in full of all demands, by me


                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            , his mark. J
Q. to prosecutors. Did Willoby say where he bought these boards?
Prosecutor. He said he bought them in an empty house, and pretended to find it, but went up one way and down another, and would not find it.
Cross Examination.
Q. At what time of the day were they carried to Willoby's house?
Child. It was by day-light in the afternoon.
Guest's Defence.
These boards were three weeks in Child's own yard before I laid my finger on them: I believe he had four or five cart loads in his yard: he said, he did not know what to do with them, he believed they would be wet, and was afraid they would be spoiled; and he said, let me put them into your old house in Cow-cross, and I'll pay half the rent. I was going to dinner, I carried one load; they were all carried there into the old house by day-light; after that he came to my house in Bartholomew Close and said, his mind was changed, I wish you would sell them for me, and I'll satisfy you for your trouble; I went to Shoreditch and brought Mr Henfield up; I ask'd, and Mr Henfield bid; I look'd to Child and Child look'd angry at me, saying, he would not let them go for that money; but wish'd I would go to Mr Willoby, for I do not like to deal with that rogue, he said, meaning Henfield, Willoby will give you more than he will. I went on Willoby, and told him there were a few wainscot boards in such a place; he said, he would come and look at them; I do not think he came in two or three days. At last he called at my house; I bargain'd with him for them likewise; I hired a cart in Smithfield, and took them to his house in open day-light; there were forty of them all but one; he paid me for them; there were twenty-six wainscot, and thirteen or fourteen deal; he gave me three pounds eight shillings for them, which was about the honest market-price; I brought the money to my own house, and paid it down to Child, and he gave me two shillings for my trouble; Child and Hill a Carpenter, carried them to that house; Hill lives on Saffron-Hill; Child has been a rogue all his life-time; he is a thief and a robber, all the world can tell that; he told me he had a very large estate in the Isle of Wight; I would have gone through fire and water to have serv'd him. If any man in court can give me a bad name let him speak it boldly.

Mason's Defence.
I know no more of it than the child unborn; I never was concerned with Child, or ever seen in his company.
Willoby's Defence.
I have sufficient evidence to prove I never bought them in hugger-mugger, but afterwards put them in publick view; they lay about a month in the open yard, close up to the gate.
Q. to Prosecutor. What are these boards worth?
Prosecutor. I gave two shillings and one penny a piece for them: I lost between sixty and seventy; Mr Willoby produced this receipt, and said, he bought a great parcel of deal boards of Guest; I ask'd him how he could think them honestly come by out of an empty house, of a poor journeyman frame maker; I ask'd him also, whether he had such a receipt from every timber yard where he dealt; he made me no sort of answer, but said, he did not like it at the time he bought them; and he believed Guest was a rogue, or something like it.
For Willoby.


                  Thomas 
                  Plowman 
               



            . I have work'd for Mr Willoby about ten months; he has about five journeymen; I remember the wainscot was brought in about two o'clock at noon in an open cart, and placed on each side the gate, not a yard from the street, and we did not work up any or remove them 'till about a month or two or better after; we had no order to conceal them, nor no such attempts made; we work'd up some of them, and removed them into the dry place, fearing the wet.
Q. How long have you known Mr. Willoby?
Plowman. I have known him about two years; he always bore a good character; he carries on business publick as other people do, and has a great trade.
Q. Was you at work when Mr Coker came to see the boards ?
Plowman. I was.
Q. Where did they lie then?
Plowman. Some were working up, and some were lying by.
Q. Did you see him come a second time?
Plowman. I did.
Q. In what manner were they lying then?
Plowman. In the same manner as before, when he came first.
Q. Were there none mixed among them?
Plowman. No, there were not, I am very sure of that.
Q. to Prosecutor. Are you sure there had been an alteration betwixt the first and second time of your seeing them there?
Prosecutor. There had; some of them were moved from where I first saw them, and other boards of the same sort put amongst them, and the men plaining them over; Willoby said, they were boards that he bought of a man in Shoreditch.
Plowman. There were none at all mix'd with them; Mr Coker said, they should not be touch'd, and they were not touch'd nor stirr'd 'till he came again; but when he found we were planing the other boards, he said, you rogues you ought to be taken up for plaining my boards, all these boards are mine; when the others had been come in not above two hours.
Prosecutor. They were plaining their own boards, and mixed some of them with mine in order to puzzle me, and make me swear to some that were not my own.


                  Thomas 
                  Brian 
               



            . I work with Mr Willoby; I remember these wainscot boards that Mr Coker challenged; I handed them out of a cart, and up to the gable end of the house; they were brought about two o'clock in the afternoon, and placed on both sides the gate, and remained there several days. We removed them because of the wet weather coming on; I remember Mr Coker pitching upon some of them; there was no other oak along with them, and the second time of his coming there were none mixed with them; the other boards came from Shoreditch; I went and brought some of them home.
Q. How long have you known Mr Willoby?
Brian. I have known him nine months.
Q. Had you any particular directions in order to conceal the boards?
Brian. No; I was the person that contrived that place to put them in from the wet; I remember Guest came along with the boards; I cannot tell whether he sold them to my master or not.


                  Richard 
                  Goucher 
               



            . Mr Willoby employ'd me to make four swifts for Weavers: Mr Guest came to me, and told me he had some very good stuff to dispose of: I believe Mr Willoby bought them; for I us'd part of them the latter end of January, and beginning of February; I saw them standing out open, at the upper end of Brick-lane; I advis'd him to take them in; I could not work them, they had stood so long in the wet; we differ'd about them, and I made no more for him; I work at my own home, and he found stuff.
Q. Was Guest a dealer in timber ?
Goucher. Yes, I have bought of him; he is a Carpenter.
To his character.
Humphry Haydon, Esq; I have known Willoby four or five years; he has been doing business for me, and acted very fairly and honestly: I employ'd him to sell my goods; his character is very good.


                  Aaron 
                  Lamb 
               



            , Esq; I have known Willoby about ten years; he is a very honest man, for a dealing man; I believe he would do any thing in the world, rather to detect a thief than encourage one.
Mr Roberts. I have known him eight or ten years; I never heard any thing to his prejudice in my life; an honest industrious man; I look upon him in that light.


                  Robert 
                  Plumpton 
               



            . I have known him ten or fifteen years; I never knew or heard to the contrary, but that he is a very honest industrious man.


                  Samuel 
                  Worrel 
               



            , Esq; I have known him eight or nine years; he had always an honest good character; I look upon him to be a man of substance.
Mr Darking. I have known him upwards of two years; I look upon him to be an honest sober man.
Mr Forecast. I have known him ten years; I always look'd upon him to be just; I believe him to be an honest man.


                  Peter 
                  Cook 
               



            . I have known him five or six years; he is an honest, sober, industrious man.
Mr Hamsworth. I have known him seven or eight years; I have dealt with him; he is a very fair honest-dealing man, as far as ever I heard.
All three 

               acquitted
            .
(M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            , a third time; and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Henfield 
               



            , a second time; were indicted for 


               ripping and stealing eleven-hundred pounds weight of lead; fix'd to the Parochial Church at Stepney






: and 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Mason 
                     



                  , a third time; for being aiding, abetting, and assisting the said Guest and Henfield, in committing that Felony
            ; March 24




. ++


                  Mark 
                  Hammel 
               



            . I am one of the 
               
Church-Wardens of Stepney Parish



            ; we had about eleven hundred weight of lead stolen off our church, about the twenty-second or twenty-third of March last.


                  James 
                  How 
               



            . I am servant to Mr Darking, one of the Church-Wardens of Stepney; I remember there were some lead missing from off the church, about two months ago; it was missing on a Wednesday morning; and the Friday after that, I had been in Bishopsgate-street; I saw a sand-cart near the Green-Dragon, a little after five in the morning; I observ'd it to go over to Mrs Smith's a Plumber, a little before seven: I look'd into it, and saw some lead in it like sheet-lead that had been us'd in covering some house; there was some litter, and yellowish stuff like hay and dung among it; then I went home and told my master of it.


                  Joseph 
                  Darking 
               



            . I am one of the Church-Wardens of the parish of Stepney; I receiv'd information from the last evidence, concerning this lead which he had seen in Bishopsgate-street: I went to Bishopsgate-street, and went in at Mrs Smith's; there, at the farther end of the shop, I found a large quantity of lead; I said we have had our church at Stepney robb'd; and you have bought some lead this morning; and I am one of the Church-Wardens: I took up three pieces, and found some spikes in it; she told me it was gutter lead; and she had bought it of some Carpenters that lived towards Old-street; ( names, 
               
                  John 
                  Child 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            ) I went to Mr Alderman Cokayne, and told him our church had been robb'd; and I had found the lead in Bishopsgate-street; which and he sent for a Plumber who came and inspected it; his name is 
               
                  William 
                  Walker 
               



            .


                  William 
                  Walker 
               



            . I am a Plumber: on the twenty-third of March last, I was sent for to the shop of Mrs Smith in Bishopsgate-street; by order of Mr Alderman Cokayne; he told me Stepney Church had been robb'd; and desir'd me to look at that lead, and give him my opinion of it: I saw it, and said, it certainly came from off a flat place; I measur'd and weigh'd it; there was eleven-hundred, one quarter, and eleven pounds of it; twenty-eight pieces in all. Then I went to the Church and measur'd there; and took a remarkable piece to compare; I found it of the same thickness with that on the Church; there was one spike in it, and holes where four had been; I found where it was taken from, and observed the spike in the lead exactly fitted to a hole in the timber; and the four holes answered to four holes in the rasters; I compared one of the small nails, that I took out of Mrs Smith's shop, with one remaining on the Church, and they answered exactly in size, shape, and demension; I observ'd a spike-nail remaining on the Church, which had not been drawn when the lead was taken up; it tallied with the lead when we came to put it on, as well as two indentures could; there was no room to doubt, but that the lead came from that place.
Cross examination.
Q. What is the value of that lead?
Walker. If it had been brought and offer'd to me, and honestly came by; I should have given 13 s. per hundred for it, as old lead to melt down; I had given more than that, at that time.
Counsel. We have now prov'd the lead found in Mrs Smith's house, was the lead taken from off the church at Stepney: we will next mention a circumstance of finding tools and mussatees on the Church; and the prisoners meeting.
Q. to Mr Hammel. What did you find on the Church?
Hammel. I found this rope hanging on the Church, (producing one) and this knife upon the Church; ( producing a case knife, which had the blade doubled back, proper for cutting; or as by a drawing, will plough a gutter in ) I found also this mitten (producing a knit glove ); these I found the next morning after it was robb'd.


                  John 
                  Child 
               



            . I was committed to Stafford goal, about six or seven days after I went from here; I cannot tell the day of the month.
Q. How long was that after taking the lead?
Child. It was about a fortnight after that.
Q. Was you examin'd before a Justice there?
Child. I was before Justice Boothby.
Q. Where did you give an account of taking the lead off Stepney Church?
Child. Before Justice Fielding, after I was brought to town.
Q. How long have you known Guest and Mason ?
Child. I have known them three years; Guest is a journeyman Carpenter; Mason, I believe, is a Cooper; but he keeps a rag-shed.
Q. How long have you known Henfield ?
Child. I have known him upwards of two years; he is a Broker; I have been intimate with them all three.
Q. What is your business?
Child. I am a Silk-Weaver.
Q. Give an account of what you know of robbing of Stepney Church.
Child. 
               
                  John 
                  Guest 
               



             came to me about a week before it was taken off, and desired me to take a walk with him to Stepney, saying, he had seen something that he thought would answer; we went there to a publick house, and drank pretty freely of twopenny and beer, about two hundred yards from the church. I was not agreeable to it.
Q. What was mentioned?
Child. It was to take the lead from the church. We left a shilling to bind us to come again, and take a dinner; so to take a better view of the place the first fine day. They would not get a dinner for us if we had not left that. In two or three days after we went again?
Q. Who was with you?
Child. Guest, and his two women; that is, his wife, and another woman; she lives in his house, and is big with child by him. There was also my wife and Mrs Gillingham; she is a Broker's wife on Clerkenwell-Green. We had a dinner there. The women did not know our business; they went only for pleasure.
Q. What had you for dinner?
Child. We had some pork. After we went into the church-yard all of us; we walk'd round, and took a view of the church: when we came at the back-part of the church Guest toss'd up a stone upon the church, and said, he wanted to know whether the lead was found; which Mrs Gillingham took notice of, and got some wind of it. In a day or two after that, all sides were agreed. Guest lived in my neighbourhood, within about three or four hundred yards of me; Henfield and Mason lived at a distance.
Q. Had you ever talk'd to either of them about taking this lead?
Child. Yes; it was talk'd of, and agreed to by all. I met Guest and Mason at Henfield's house. Henfield was there also. There was only the maid-servant at home besides; but she heard nothing of what we talk'd about.
Q. Give an account of the conversation.
Child. We appointed to meet in Stepney church-yard, and fix'd upon the time, which, I think, was the next night.
Q. Who were to meet?
Child. Guest, Henfield, a servant of Mrs Smith's, Mason, and me; but Henfield was not to come 'till three o'clock in the morning, and we were to be there by between nine and ten at night. We were to get a ladder, and get upon the church, and get as much lead as we could 'till it came to grow light; and Henfield was to come to us by three in the morning, to help us as much as possible in carrying it away, it being a hard job. We had agreed this at Henfield's house, to carry and bury it in a dunghill (about a quarter of a mile from the church,) 'till such time as we could get it away to Mrs Smith's house.
Q. Had you had any conversation with Mrs Smith about it at that time?
Child. No; I had not.
Q. What is the name of Mrs Smith's servant?
Child. I do not know. Guest and I went there together first, and I got a ladder. Mason and Mrs Smith's servant came at the time. We set the ladder, and 
               
                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            , Mrs Smith's servant, and I, went upon the church, Mason stay'd below to watch.
Q. Where did you get the ladder ?
Child. I got it at a new building. We had this knife, that is here produc'd, and another knife, a pair of pincers, and a chissel. This knife that is here was made by Mrs Smith's servant; but it did not do well, so we throw'd it by.
Q. Who brought the other knife, chissel, and pincers.
Child. Guest did. I had another knife in my pocket, which I used.
Q. How much lead do you think you took away?
Child. I did not think it to be so much as it prov'd to be: I took it to be about a thousand weight.
Q. How did you let it down.
Child. There was but one piece tried to be let down by that rope; all the other pieces where toss'd down; it was soft ground, and the fall made no great noise. Guest had on a pair of mittens; that is, knit gloves, and a pair of green mussatees.
Q. Look at this mitten here produc'd.
Child. He takes it in his hand. This is one of Guest's, I believe.
Q. Look at these green mussatees. He takes them in his hand.
Child. These are the same he had on.
Mr Darking. I found this odd mitten, and these mussatees, on the top of the church, the day after it was robb'd.
Q. Was Henfield as good as his word.
Child. He was. He came about three in the morning. We had then just got the lead down, and begun to carry it away to the dunghill; and Henfield assisted us in carrying it away, where we covered it over.
Q. Was it light or dark?
Child. It was star-light; we had no lanthorn; we had finished when the people were going a milking, about four o'clock.
Q. How long did the lead lie in the dunghill ?
Child. It lay there two days and one night.
Q. Which way did you all come home?
Child. We all parted as soon as we came into the road, and went to our homes.
Q. Where was the next meeting?

Child. That was at Henfield's house, the same day, in the afternoon Guest and I call'd there; (Mason was not there ) Guest and I went to the dunghill, to see that it was cover'd safe.
Q. Who was I the taking it away from the dunghill ?
Child. Guest and I got a cart in Old-street; and we went and fetch'd it into Bishopsgate-street to Mrs Smith's.
Q. What did you do with the ladder afterwards ?
Child. We took that away, and carried it within about twenty yards from the place where we had it; and some people were coming down the road, so we laid it down and left it there.
Q. What time was the lead carried to Mrs Smith's ?
Child. We got there about seven in the morning with it. She paid me for it, and I gave her a receipt. The money she gave me was five 27 s. pieces. The receipt was for 6 l. 15. and I carried the money to Henfield, as was agreed upon before, and there it was divided by him. He made the charges out, and when they were paid we had about 24 s. each; that is, Henfield, Guest, Mrs Smith's servant, Mason, and me. I had 6 s. 6 d. to pay for the horses and the cart, and the rest was all spent, 8 s. 6 d. I believe. The rope we tied to an iron bar in the window of the church to get down by, and the last person that came down could not untie that, so we left it hanging: that was 
               
                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            . The ladder was not high enough to get upon the top of the church, we put it upon a grave-stone, and got upon the lower part of the church, and from thence to the upper part. We drew up the ladder after us.
Cross Examination.
Q. Whether the first time you were examined before Mr Fielding you did not say, that Henfield and Mrs Smith's servant went out in the afternoon, the day before the lead was sold, to show you where the lead was hid.
Child. I was ordered what to say. I would never have told the truth; I would sooner have died, had I not been told by Henfield's brother, they were striving every way to throw it upon me.
Q. Was the Plumber's man one in the consultation about going?
Child. He was one in the consulting of it.
Q. Did your ever give any account that you bought this lead of some rope-makers.
Child. No; we did agree if it should be blow'd to say so.
Q. When did you divide the money?
Child. I can't say the day: I think it was on a Friday. It was the same day that we brought it to Mrs Smith's.
Mr Hammel. I remember Henfield's being apprehended; I can't tell the day of the month, I think he was before Child was brought from the country, and Mason's son was apprehended instead of the father, we at that time did not know there were two Masons father and son; when we came before Justice Fielding, young Mason declared his innocence, (he and Henfield were brought there together) the Justice was going to commit young Mason for farther examination; Henfield desired to be heard, saying he had something to say by himself; when the room was cleared of the common people, Henfield said, they had taken the wrong person; let it turn how it will, the suddle ought to lie on the right horse, for that it was not young Mason, but 
               
                  Peter 
                  Mason 
               



            , the father of him. I and two others that are here were by and heard this. We endeavoured directly to get the father, and he was taken and brought in about a couple of hours. After he came into the room I went up to Henfield, and thank'd him, for leading us out of the mistake. I ask'd him, if he could say any more; he said he could, and he would, and seem'd willing then; but the next morning he would not say any thing.
Cross Examination.
Q. At the time that he made use of this expression, Let it happen how it will, the saddle ought to be laid on the right horse; whether he did not insist upon it that he was innocent himself.
Hammel. I really think he could not insist upon that.
Q. How did you get Mason?
Hammel. By sending a warrant to his house; but I was not there.


                  James 
                  Holland 
               



            . I was one that the justice sent to take up Mason; when we went to his house, we found he had did himself; I ask'd his daughter where he was? she said he was not in the way, and had been gone out ever since the morning; we went to a publick house, opposite to his house, and waited; we saw his wife come home; after which, he went out of his own house; we let him go on, and as he came back we took him.


                  David 
                  Tasker 
               



            . I live upon Saffron-Hill; I am a Weaver; I dined with Guest and Child, on the twelfth of February, at the sign of the Cherry-Tree at Stepney, on the Green; it was agreed upon before to go there.
Q. Who was in company?
Taskr. There was Guest's landlord, I think his name is Ashbourn; Guest and his wife, Mrs Gillingham, myself, Child and his wife, and another woman that belong'd to Guest; she was big with child by him.
Q. What had you for dinner ?
Tasker. We had pork, part boil'd, and part roasted; after dinner, we took a walk into the church-yard; in walking round among the tombs, Guest threw up a stone upon the church; I heard him say, let us see if the lead is found; or words to that effect; there came a person out and said, Don't throw up stones to break the windows, for you will not be willing to pay for them.
Q. Do you know Mason?
Tasker. I never saw him, 'till I saw him in Westminster Gate-house; I have heard Child speak of him.
Q. Was Henfield along with you?
Tasker. No, he was not.
Cross Examination.
Q. Do you remember any conversation between Child and you in March.
Tasker. I was in bed, he came to me on the twenty-fourth of March, between eleven and twelve at night: I said, what makes you be here at this time of night ? he said, because I dare not go home; I said, what is the reason of that? he said, there was some lead that he and Guest had bought the day before, and he imagin'd it was stolen: I ask'd him how he came to know it was stolen? he said, the Plumber came and said, Mr Child, was there not two shillings betwixt my wife and you, about the lead? he ask'd him to go and drink together at the next house, and he would go before and call for the beer? and he imagin'd they had an officer in the publick house to take him.
Q. Where did he say this was ?
Tasker. He said it was in Bi shopsgate-street; he said he saw a man at the door with a paper in his hand; and they set off, one, one way, and the other the other way, and would not go into the house: he told me he bought the lead of two men that appear'd to be Rope-makers; for they had hemp about their cloaths.
Guest's Defence.
I'll tell the whole truth; I was at work at Child's house; I cannot tell the day of the month; as I was going away, about three in the afternoon; said he, I wish you would go along with me to-morrow morning; I have bought some lead as far off as Stepney, and I shall want a hand to help to get it home: said I, I will go with you with all my heart: said he, we may as well step to Old-street, to see if we can get a horse and cart; I believe I must have two horses: when he came there; said the man, so you may, but you must pay more money; said Child, I shall not stick for trifles; said he, I shall want them between two and three to-morrow morning; and if I shall not want them at that time, I'll send this man to forbid it: he call'd me at three the next morning out of my bed; and said, it was half an hour past two; I got up, we went to Old-street; and it was a quarter past three before we had the horses and cart ready: we went to a dunghill in Whitechapel; and got the lead; he told me he had it from an old house belonging to a decay'd gentleman in Stepney; and that it was carried there by two Rope-makers for him; we were seen by some Bricklayers that were going to work; we loaded it and carried it to Bishopsgate-street; and he gave me three shillings for my trouble.
Henfields's Defence.
I beg you would ask Child what time of the day it was, that he declar'd he paid me and others?
Child, to the question. I cannot tell the day of the month; it was on the same day that we brought the lead to Mrs Smith's, in the afternoon; I deliver'd the money to Henfield as I went by with the cart about eight o'clock; ( the lead was sold about seven); and it was not divided 'till the afternoon on the same day.
Q. from Henfield. What time did you meet in the afternoon?
Child. I cannot justly say; it was betwixt one and two o'clock.
Q. Look at this receipt?
Child. Yes; this is the receipt ( he takes it in his hand) that I gave Mrs Smith: It is read to this purport.
March 23, 59. Mrs Smith, debtor to Mr 
               
                  John 
                  Child 
               



            ; for eleven hundred and quarter of lead, at 12 s. per hundred; six pounds fifteen shillings. Receiv'd the contents in full,


                  John 
                  Child 
               



            , his mark. J.
6 l. 15 s.
Q. to Darking. What day did you find the lead at Mrs Smith's?
Darking. I believe it was the twenty-third of March; but I have got the warrant in my pocket from Mr Alderman Cokayne; that date will show it; it being dated the same day (he produc'd it, dated the 23d of March, 1759).
Q. from Henfield. Whether Mason and the Plumber's man were at my house, when the money was divided.
Child. Mason was; but the Plumber's man was not; you took his share for him.
Q. Can you swear the money was divided that same afternoon, at Henfield's house.
Child. I cannot swear it; I think it was.
Henfield's Defence.
On the twenty-third of March I went out from home to a tryal in the Marshalsea-Court, about nine, or thereabouts; and never came home, to stay a minute, 'till ten at night; then I came home, more than ever I had been seen by my family before, that was, a little in liquor.
Mason's defence.
I know nothing about it; I never was out of my house the night he says the lead was taken; and I can prove I was in the Borough, at a Court, at the time he says he divided the money.
For the Prisoners.


                  William 
                  Sibery 
               



            . I have known Henfield six years: I had a suit in the Marshalsea-Court, which was tried on the 23d of March, being a Friday, he was at my trial there; he went over there, I believe about nine o'clock, and staid in my company 'till ten at night.
Q. Where do you live ?
Sibery. I live in Shoreditch: I keep a house there, and am a Butcher; we din'd at the Bull in the Borough after the trial was over.
Q. What time did you dine?
Sibery. It may be between four and five when we had din'd; then we went to a house over against my house, and he never was out of our company for a quarter of an hour together, 'till ten: he is a very honest endeavouring man; I have bought and sold to him, and never found a farthing amiss; I went also to Mason's house that morning, and desired him to come to my trial; he went with me and din'd with me, and staid with us 'till past dinner-time; he bears a very good character.
On his cross examination he said he had the trial with one Davis; that Davis was plaintiff; that it was occasioned by his indulging Davis at Hicks's-Hall for robbing him, and that bill was not found; so Davis brought that against him; that Mr Wilson was his attorney, and Mr Taylor Davis's; that neither Mason nor Henfield were examined on the trial; that he got his cause, and Davis got out of court and ran away. And that 
               
                  Richard 
                  Pain 
               



             an officer, and Rose Allen dined with them.


                  Richard 
                  Pain 
               



             and Rose 
               
                  Allen
               


             both confirmed the account given by the last evidence, of Henfield and Mason being at a trial in the Marshalsea-Court, in the Borough on the 23d of March.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Mills 
               



            . I was servant to Mr Henfield for about two months.
Q. Was you there on the 16th of March last?
Mills. I was, there was no other servant besides me.
Q. Whose business was it to shut up the house?
Mills. That was my master's business.
Q. Who went to bed last?
Mills. I did.
Q. Do you remember your master being out any night you was there?
Mills. No, I do not: he never was out one night while I was there; he keeps constantly with his family.
Q. Do you remember his going to the Marshalsea-Court on a trial?
Mills. I do, it was on the 23d of March; I had been there just a week then.
Q. Did you ever see Child at Mr Henfield's house?

Mills. No, he never was there: I never saw him in my life 'till this day.
Q. Who attended the shop?
Mills. I did: master taught me: he staid at home the first week in order to teach me.
On her cross examination she said, the key was left in the lock of the street-door on nights; that she lay near the door, and nobody could go in nor out without her hearing them; and in the day-time nobody could come into the shop but she must see them, her business being there.
All three 

               guilty
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


