






68, 69. (M.) 
               
                  Eleanor, wife
 of 
                     
                        Lawrence 
                        Dayland 
                     







            , and 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Crouch 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 38 s. and one pair of silver buttons, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Barnaby 
                     Foy 
                  



                
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the watch, knowing it to have been stolen
            , Dec. 21

. ++


                  Barnaby 
                  Foy 
               



            . I am a Bricklayer's labourer
; when I came home from my work, my wife was crying; she told me her house had been robb'd of my watch, and pair of buttons; the staple of the door was knocked out.
Q. Where was your watch and buttons?
Foy. The watch was taken off a place where it used to hang, and the buttons from out of a drawer; I knew Dayland before; my wife knowing the number of my watch, went to the Pawn-broker's to inquire for it; she found that at Mr Murphy's house; Dayland own'd she took them, for we suspected her; she was seen to go up the stairs where we lodge. Before the Justice of Peace, she own'd she took the watch and gave it to Crouch to pawn.
Mr Murphy. Crouch brought this watch to me; and after that the prosecutor's wife came said she had lost a watch with the same name and number; then I had her taken up; Dayland brought the buttons; Crouch was angry with Dayland, and said, How could you give me a watch that was stole; Dayland confess'd she stole it.
Q. Did it appear to you that Crouch was innocent?
Murphy. To me it did: for Dayland said nothing in answer to her question: but at last confess'd she did steal it. The watch produced in Court and deposed to by prosecutor.
Dayland's defence. The prosecutor's wife lent me the watch unknown to her husband.
Q. to Prosecutor's wife. Did you lend Dayland this watch?
Answer. No: I did not upon my oath.
Crouch's defence. Dayland brought the watch to me, and said, a friend of her's desired she would get it pawn'd for some money; and I took it, and pawn'd it to that gentleman.
Dayland 

               guilty
            .
Crouch 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


