





81. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bissett 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one brown cloth coat, one Manchester velvet coat, one pair of velvet breeches, one scarlet waistcoat, one black cloth waistcoat, two pair of scarlet breeches, one frock, two holland shirts, one copper pot, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gillphilling 
                        



                      
                   ; one stript cotton shirt, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Webb 
                     



                   ; and one coat, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Vickers 
                        



, December 20
. ++


                  John 
                  Gillpbilling 
               



            . I live at the Angel and Crown in Hungerford-market


 ; on the 27th of November, at night, the prisoner came to my house, and said he had been servant
 to a gentleman who was in the French service, and that he had been at Dover with him, and left the place by reason he would not enter into the French service, so he wanted a place. He had been with me three weeks, and in that time I lost these things mentioned in the indictment.
Q. When did you first miss these things?
Gillpbilling. I miss'd 'em the 21st of December; the first of my missing them was, my servant had borrowed a book of a friend to read, the prisoner was seen to have it in his hand; it was missing ; going to look for it, I missed my cloaths which used to hang upon pins, &c. The prisoner was gone out at that time, I ordered our people, that when he came in to say nothing to him but to let him have a candle and go to bed, he came and went to bed, and there I took him, and gave him in charge to the constable ; he immediately confessed to the constable and me, where he had pawned one shirt for four shillings, and begged for mercy at my hands, and he said he had sold my cloaths out-right to people that cry'd old cloaths in the street; he went with me to hart-street by convent-garden, to the place where he said he had pawned the shirt; the pawn-broker produced the shirt. [Deposed to by the prosecutor]
Q. Where was the shirt before you lost it?
Gillpbilling. It was either in the buroe or somewhere in the dining room; there was an attempt made upon my buroe to open it.
Samuel Green. The prosecutor came to me and told me he had been robbed, I went with him home and found the prisoner, we accused him with robbing the prosecutor of several coats and other things, he with little hesitation acknowledged he took the things, and sold some in the streets, and pawned a shirt, he went with us the same night to the place, and it was delivered to the prosecutor; the prisoner begged we would be as favourable to him as we could.


                  James 
                  Styles 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Crue a pawnbroker, this shirt was pawned at our house in the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Bissett 
               



            , December 7. I remembered his face when he came with the prosecutor, I know he had been at our shop before, but I cannot tell he was the person that brought the shirt, and I heard him say since he pawned it.
David Mac Donald. I am servant to the prosecutor, the prisoner lodged about three weeks at our house; after the things were lost, and he taken into custody, I heard him confess the taking the coat and waistcoat, a pair of breeches, and a shirt, which he said he pawned near Covent-garden, and that the cloaths he had sold in the open streets for old cloaths.
Prisoner's defence.
They made me confess things that I knew nothing of : there were several people lodged in the house besides me.
Q. to Green. Were there any threats or promises made use of to induce him to confess?
Green. There were not, the prosecutor told him he missed such and such wearing apparel, and that he had reason to suspect him, and that he had better without any farther dispute acknowledge it; the prisoner immediately said I hope you will be favourable to me, I did take such and such things, it was all in a few minutes.
Q. to the prosecutor. Have you any other lodgers in your house?
Prosecutor. I have several; I let some rooms out, which I have no occasion for, unfurnished, but they have no business in this room where the things were.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


