





247. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Benisford 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he did by false pretences obtain of 
                     
                        John 
                        Parry 
                     




                    eight shillings, with intent to cheat the said John of the same
            , May 19
. +


                  John 
                  Parry 
               



            . I keep the Salutation tavern in Budge-row
, the prisoner came to me on the 19th of May, and said he wanted five dozen of wine for 
               
                  Mr. 
                  Hall 
               



             and 
               
                  Cruchfield
               


            , three Lisbon, and two Port.

Q. Do you know either of them?
Parry. Mr. Cruchfield belongs to a club at my house, Mr. Hall I do not know, the prisoner gave me the order, and I gave him a glass of wine, he bid me get a bill ready wrote for the wine and bottles, but said he should bring the hamper back again.
Q. Did you prepare the bills?
Parry. I did, and charged for bottles and wine. He said he would go and get a cart from Bartholomew-close, and come and take it away. He was gone not a quarter of an hour, and came back again, and said he wanted six or seven shillings to give Mr. Jefford change, at the Blue-Boar in Cannon-street. I opened the till, and gave him 8 s. After I found he did not come according to his time, I went to Mr. Jefford to know if any such person called there. I was informed no such person had been there. Since that, I was coming down Holbourn, there I saw a mob of people, in the midst of whom I saw the prisoner, he was taken up for defrauding another vintner. I asked him if he did not remember his coming to me with such a pretence, and his getting 8 s. of me; he owned that he had the money, but said he did not rob me of it.
Prisoner. I shew'd him no paper; I ask'd him to lend me 8 s. and he lent it me.
Parry. He came with a paper when he gave me the order.
Q. Did you know him before ?
Parry. I never saw him before that time to my knowledge? that order I found to be entirely false.
Prisoner's defence.
I have no friend within one hundred and forty miles of this place; I only borrow'd the money, and he lent it me out of his pocket. I once was coachman to this Mr. Hall, but have been out of place about a year and a half.  

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


