





404. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jetson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one man's hat, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Griffice 
                  




                
            , May 14
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Griffice 
               



            . I keep a public-house in Michael's-alley, Cornhill




; the prisoner used to come to my house, we had lost a great number of things, I suspected him, and forbid him coming any more, but he would not keep away, and on the 14th of this instant May, he came in and call'd for half a pint of twopenny, and I being busy, he took an opportunity of going away with this hat. One Mr. Huggens, who is here, said to me, the man has taken your hat out of your bar: the prisoner was gone, and I went out after him but could not find him; another person ran out into Cornhill, and saw him coming out of a pewterer's shop; he brought him to my house, and I said to him, you have robb'd me of a hat, and a man here will swear it. I unbutton'd his coat. and the hat drop'd down: then I sent for a constable, and charg'd him. The hat produc'd in court, and depos'd to. We took him before the alderman, to whom he confess'd the fact, and went down on his knees to me.


                  Edward 
                  Huggens 
               



            . On the 14th of May I was at Mr. Griffice's house, in came the prisoner at the bar and called for some twopenny; he put his hand round the bar, took this hat, and put it under his coat. While the boy was gone down into the cellar he drank up his beer, and went away; when the boy came up I told him of it.
Q. How near was you to him at that time?
Huggens. I was within three or four yards of him, sitting in a box.
Q. How long did he stay in the house?
Huggens. He did not stay five minutes there after he paid for his beer. Mr. Griffice and I went in pursuit of him, but could not meet with him; and one Joseph Limely found him and brought him in; the prisoner went down directly on his knees, when Mr. Griffice found the hat upon him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went out of the house and came back again, Limley ask'd me to drink a dram, and Mr. Griffice took the hat from under my coat.
Prosecutor. Limley coax'd him back by saying he'd give him a dram, &c.  

               Guilty
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


