





65. (M. ) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shanks 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing eighteen pounds weight of old copper, val . 3 l. and forty pounds weight of old brass. val. 25 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Lightfoot 
                  




                
            , Dec. 6
. ++


                  William 
                  Briggs 
               



            . On the 8th of December 
               
                  John 
                  Boyce 
               



            . my mate, acquainted me by a messenger, that some old copper and brass, which we had between deck, on board a ship I am master of, lying near the middle of the stream of Rotherith stairs


, was stolen away ; and that they had got a man in custody, on suspicion of taking it; I immediately went to where my mate and the man were, at the house of one Jone's a Butcher, opposite to Wapping Chapel, there were with them two or there men, that work'd at delivering the cargoe; the man they had in custody is named 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Gray 
               



            , we took him before justice Ricards, and he ordered him to be set at liberty ; on the Tuesday following. I read an advertisement, of such a quantity of copper and brass to be seen which was stopp'd at the house of Mrs White, the next day I went to her house in Wild street near Well-Close-Square; there I saw the copper and brass, and know it to be the same, which was taken out of our ship; the property of Mrs. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Lightfoot 
               



            , (Produc'd in court and deposed to.) She told me the person was in the tower prison, I went there, and saw him which was the prisoner, I asked him if he knew the goods, he said he was hired as a porter, in order to carry this copper and brass to Mrs. White's; and that he had no concern himself in stealing of it, and that he not having a knot to carry it upon, he hired a porter that had one.
Q. When was the last time you saw the copper and brass in the vessel?
Biggs. I had not seen it since the vessel arrived in the rivers or not for about a month before it was missing.
Q. Can you positively sware to it?
Biggs. I can, it is old kettles, sauce-pans, and such like goods; but I am certain as to the out side case in which it is pack'd it being the same in which it was brought in from Virginia ; and is Mrs. Lightfoot's property.


                  John 
                  Boyce 
               



            . I am mate of this ship (he looks at the copper and brass,) this is the same that we took on board at Virginia.
Q. What is the name of your ship?
Boyce. It is the Lightfoot.
Q. When did you see the parcel last?
Boyce. I saw it on Wednesday the 6th of Dec.
Q. Where in the ship was it?
Boyce. It was forwards between decks.
Q. When did you miss it ?

Boyce. I missed it on Thursday the 7th of December.
Q. Had you begun to deliver the vessel?
Boyce. We were about half unloaded.
Q. Did any of the men lie on board at that time ?
Boyce. Some of them did.
Q. How came you to miss it?
Boyce. On the 7th 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Gray 
               



            , one that worked on board, came on board and told me it was stole out of the ship; and he suspected that the people on board had taken it, there were five seamen of them; I don't know their names. I offered Gray half a guinea to find it again, which he thought he could; On the Friday he came again and told me he could not find it; I went on shore with him, as he said he suspected these four seamen; I took them into an alehouse in Wapping, and offered them half a guinea to bring the parcel again. The prisoner was there, who asked me the weight, and he said it was very surprising to him, for he thought one person could not steal it, and likewise that the man who informed him of it was most likely to be the thief, and that we had better keep him in custody, adding, he deserved to have his brains beat out for giving information at such an uncertainty, and that if ever he came on the river again he'd have his deserts. We took 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Gray 
               



             before the justice, and he was cleared. On the 13th at night I saw the copper and brass at Mrs. White's near Well-close-Square, from thence, I went to the Tower prison, and saw the prisoner, I taxed him with it, and he denied it, but said he was in company with the persons that carried it to Mrs. White's.


                  Susannah 
                  White 
               



            . My husband was a founder and brazier, but he is dead, and I carry on the business. There came a well-dressed well-spoken woman to my shop on the 7th of December, and brought an old brass pot-lid for me to make her a new one of the same size; she said she knew a master of a ship that had brought some copper and brass from abroad who wanted to sell it. There was a man, very much like the prisoner, (I can't be certain it was him ), stood at the door with a piece of an old brass kettle in his hand, and he asked me what it was worth per pound. After this there came four men, the prisoner was one of them, and brought this parcel of brass to me to sell, which is here produced.
Q. Did the prisoner bring it?
S. White. He did not. One of the men said he had a little money on board, so he bought it, and he brought away from the ship because he would not have it seized. I bought it, and paid them 4 12 s. 6 d. for it.
Q. Who did you pay the money to?
S. White. I can't say which took it.
Q. Did the prisoner at that time claim any of a as his property ? he is not the man that said he brought it from on board.
S. White. I can't say he did, he helped to weigh it. This was on Thursday about two o'clock, and on the Saturday morning following the prisoner came to me and said he was come to tell me, if any body should come to ask whether I bought such copper and brass, I was to say, no; upon which I was very much surprized, and said, pray, how was it come by? he said he could give a good account of himself, but he not giving me a satisfactory answer, I stepped to the next door for Mr. Hermitage, a constable, who came and secured him, so we took him before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gore 
               



            , who committed him to the Tower goal, and I advertised the copper and brass, upon which these gentlemen came and owned it, so I directed them to the Tower goal to the prisoner.
Q. from the prisoner. Was not my message to you, if any body came to enquire, for you not to tell the weight of it?
S. White. No, it was not, I was not to tell who I bought it of.


                  James 
                  Walker 
               



            . On the 7th of December, about three in the afternoon, the prisoner and five more men came to the Court-house at the Tower goal, where I live, and called for a tankard of beer, and asked me to change a 36 s. piece, so I did; after that they wanted charged for a guinea, which I changed, and then they divided the money into six parcels, which was fifteen shillings per man. They had in all 4 l. 12 s. 6 d. I saw five of them take up each a parcel, and one was lying on the table when I went out to make water, but that was taken up when I came in.
Q. Did you see the prisoner take up any?
Walker. I am not certain of that, they left half a crown on the table, out of which they spent sixteen-pence halfpenny, they had five full pots of beer, and three halfpenny worths of tobacco; there was a shilling left, which they said they would give to the woman that went about the affair; after which they said to the prisoner, we are beholding to you, Mr. Shanks. for this jobb.
Q. What did he say in return ?
Walker. I can't recollect what he said.

Prisoner's Defence.
On the 7th of December I met a gentleman-like man in the street, who was either a Dutchman or a Dane; I had been carrying some coals, he said, are not you a porter ? I said, yes, I am; he said, I have a jobb for you, so he brought me to a place near New Crane, there were the brass and copper wrapped up in an old cloth, they were heavy, and I not having a knot could not carry them, so he desired me to get him a porter that had a knot, which I did, and helped to put it on the porter's back; then he said to me, friend, do you know the way to Well Close Square? if you'll go with us I'll satisfy you, so I went with them.
To his Character.


                  Robert 
                  Car 
               



            . I am warder at his majesty's brew-house in St. Catharine's, and have known the prisoner about 23 years, he is a very honest man for whatever I heard before this
William M' Daniel I have known him 20 years and upwards, he is a pains-taking man, but never heard a dishonest thing of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Rose 
               



            . I belong to the Victualling Office, and have known the prisoner 20 years, and have dealt with him often, and believe he is as honest a man as any in England, and that he is as innocent of this as I am.


                  Peter 
                  Wallace 
               



            . I have known him ever since I was a child, and always took him to be an honest man.


                  John 
                  Cox 
               



            . I am a victualler, and have known him upwards of six years, he has used my house often, but never knew any dishonesty of him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


