





204. (L.) 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Montgomery 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Maddin 
                  




                
            . April 21
.* 
John Maddin. I keep a sale shop
 at the end of the Minories


. On the 21st of April I had a coat lying on a chest in the middle of my shop; and it was missing between one and two o'clock in the day. I did not see it taken; but the prisoner and that were brought into my shop. I took her before an alderman at Guildhall, and there swore to my coat. She said she took it in order to go and tell it for my wife.
Q. Was the prisoner your servant ?
Maddin. No, there was not. I never saw her before to my knowledge.


                  Dorothy 
                  Maddin 
               



            . I was in my yard, but on turning my head about, I saw the prisoner going out of my shop. I ran after her, and said, mistress what have you been doing in my shop? She said she was going to sell the coat for me to a man.
Q. Did you see her come into the shop ?
D. Maddin. No, I did not; I never saw her before to my knowledge. I brought her back. She had got another coat with her, but it was not mine. I stop'd her till my husband came home, and he got an officer, and secured her.


                  Mary 
                  Lloyd 
               



            . I live opposite to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner come out at his door with a coat, but did not see her take it. Mrs. Maddin came out and ask'd her what she had been doing. She said she was going to sell the coat for her; and I heard her say before the alderman she did not intend to steal the coat, but was going to sell into a man that was gone down the lane; at another time she said some body in the shop had told her the price of the coat.
Prisoner's defence. I came to buy that coat for my husband, with some stockings and shirts, for he is going to Gibrakar; I had bought one before of a Jew; and I went to the door to call a friend to look at this in the light because the shop was dark.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


