





165. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Terence 
                     Conner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one panel-saw, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Wilson 
                  




                
            , Feb. 28
. ++


                  Andrew 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I am a carpenter and joiner
; this saw (producing one) was taken away without my consent on the 28th of February from where I was at work; any person might have got into the window while we were gone to dinner.
Q. What is it worth?
Wilson. It is worth eighteen-pence; we searched the day following, and found the saw in St. Martin's-lane at a pawnbroker's.


                  Thomas 
                  Forshall 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner brought this saw to me to pawn on the 1st of March, about eight o'clock in the morning; I stopped the saw, and the prosecutor came to inquire for it the same day, and I delivered it. Two days after, the prosecutor and others brought the prisoner to me to see if I knew him, I said he was the man that brought it. I suspected he was no carpenter by his dress.
Q. to prosecutor. How came you to suspect the prisoner?
Prosecutor. There were others had lost their saws, they seeing this prisoner lobbing about, secured him, and I took him to the pawnbroker's house, and he said that was the man that brought it to him.
Prisoner's defence.
I always got my bread by hard labour and not by thieving.
To his character.


                  Dennis 
                  Conner 
               



            . I have known the prisoner these seven years; he was porter to me; I am a chair-maker: he served me true and honest.



               Guilty
            .
There were two other indictments against him for single felonies.




[Transportation. See summary.]


