





86. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     England 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one feather-bed, value 14 s. one blanket, value 1 s. and one linnen sheet, value 10 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Murray 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging-room let by contract, &c
            . December 29
. ++


                  James 
                  Murray 
               



            . My wife let a room ready furnished to the prisoner at the bar, as a single woman; the goods mentioned in the indictment were in the room.
Q. Where is your wife?
Murray. She lyes-in, and can't attend.
Q. Was you present when your wife let the room?
Murray. I was not: the prisoner own'd before Justice Welch to the taking the feather-bed, blanket, and sheet, from my house, and deliver'd them to a woman to pawn; and mention'd where the Justice might send to the pawnbroker's house for them; the bed and blanket were brought; she own'd they were part of the furniture of the room.
Q. Is the pawnbroker here?
Murray. No: he is not.
Q. Where is the sheet?
Murray. The pawnbroker has it.
Q. What is his name?
Murray. His name his Herring.
The constable. Mr. Herring said he did not take it in; but his wife owned she did; I desired her to come with me to Justice Welch; she did not come; I went back for her after about an hour's time; then she said her husband was gone to the Justice; but he did not come; then I went with a search-warrant; then the bed and sheet were produced; the prisoner said she wanted money to pay her landlady for rent, and she did intend to put them in their places again when her money came up out of the country.
Q. to Prosecutor. Was you at the hearing of this ?
Prosecutor. I was not at the Justice's at the time he speaks off.
Prisoner's defence. I could not get any thing to do; I expected a little money out of the country, and it did not come up as usual; so I was obliged to take these things out to pawn, or I had been turned out of my lodgings.
Q. to prosecutor. Why did you not bring the Pawnbroker's wife?
Prosecutor. She was with me at Hicks's-hall, and she said there would be no trial here today; and she would not come here.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


