






297, 298. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Landwick 
                  , otherwise 
Lowderwick




            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hannah 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 22 pounds wt. of leaden pipe, value 2 s
            . the property of 
               



May 13
. ++ It was laid over again to be the property of persons unknown.
Thomas Corner. I am a baker, and live in Long's-Court, near Leicester Fields


: I had been informed the leaden pipe had been taken up almost the whole length of the Court. Yesterday morning, about four o'clock, I saw two men at work, I thought at first they were going to repair it: I looked through the door and saw them pulling the stones up. I called 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Pilkin 
               



             my man, we took clubs, and went out a back way upon them, and took them, they were the two prisoners at the bar. We saw the stones were taken up, and the ground open'd; and there was a broom, a basket, a pick-axe, and a piece of the pipe, of an inch and a half bore, lying by, taken up.


                  Patrick 
                  Pilkin 
               



             confirmed the testimony of his master.


                  Richard 
                  Welch 
               



            . I am secretary to the Y buildings Company, we have a plan or mapped all the works, for every street and place where the pipes lay. By this plan it appears that there is a pipe in that court belonging to the company, it is a dead pipe. (Then he named the proprietors names.)
Lowderwick's defence.
We were going along, we saw the stores turned up, we took hold on the piece of pipe, and turn'd it out of the ground ; the men came and knock'd us down, and one ran after my fellow servant, and knock'd him down.
Hannah, in his defence, said just the same and Lowderwick.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


