






70. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Tinsley 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Bullock 
               



             , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing one pair of linen sheets, three pillow cases, two napkins, 3 linen table cloths, one linen dresser cloth, one yard of linen cloth, three shirts, two shifts, two linen aprons, two pair of stays, one neck handkerchief, one linen handkerchief, one cotton handkerchief, one camblet gown, two pair of hose, one chip hat, twelve clouts, one child's frock
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Knight 
                  




                
            , Oct. 26
. +


                  Sarah 
                  Knight 
               



            . I live at East Barnet


. On the 26th of Oct. I lost two pair of stockings, twelve clouts, four table-cloths, two handkerchiefs, three shirts, two shifts, two pair of stays, two aprons, one dresser cloth, one cloth cloak, one child's frock, and more things than I can remember.
Q. Where did you loose them?
S. Knight. They were taken out of a chest of drawers in an upper room in our house.


                  John 
                  Knight 
               



            . I am the prosecutor, I miss'd the things, and went after the prisoners and took them in Shoe-lane, Oct. 26. I set out between five and six in the morning after them.
Q. How came you to suspect the prisoners?
J. Knight. My wife brought 
               
                  Ann 
                  Tinsley 
               



             up from a child. She had been gone away from us, but was come again; we suspecting it must be some body that knew our house, and she being missing I pursued her towards London. I heard of them first at Whetstone turnpike, then upon Finchley common, then near Pancras church, and at last found the prisoners together in Shoe-lane, in the street, with a great quantity of the things upon them.
Court. Name the things.
J. Knight. Two pair of stays, one gown, twelve clouts, three shirts, two shifts, they had them in two bundles, each had a bundle; I charg'd a Constable with them, and had them brought before my Lord mayor, and he committed them. They having the two pair of stays on, were by his orders taken off.


                  Thomas 
                  English 
               



            . The prosecutor told me his house was robb'd, and ask'd me to go along with him in pursuit, I went, and we found the two prisoners in Shoe-lane, with most of the things upon them; they were taken before my Lord mayor and committed.

Q. Where are the things?
English. They are at East Barnet, all but the two pair of stays which they had on.


                  George 
                  Needham 
               



            . I am a constable, and have the two pair of stays that were taken from off the two prisoners, and a chip hat; (produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor's wife.)
Tinsley's defence.
I know nothing at all of them.
Bullock's defence.
No more don't I.
They call'd no witnesses to their characters.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


