





371. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Frederick 
                  , otherwise 
                     
Joanah Daniel Levi




            , was indicted for 


               stealing two linen shirts, two pair of worsted stockings, two handkerchiefs, two musling neckcloths, and one pair of nippers
            , the goods of the rev.


                     John 
                     Bound 
                  




                
            , clerk
, Sept. 22
.
[The prisoner was a foreigner and could not speak English, an interpreter therefore was sworn.]


                  John 
                  Bound 
               



            . I lay at the George inn, Holborn. The prisoner arrived with one Mr. Langley from Hamburgh, the night before I missed my things mentioned, out of a trunk that was locked. I desired a person that is here to search the prisoner's room, and under his bed he found the handkerchiefs, stockings, and one neckcloth, and the shirts were found both upon his back, (produced in court and deposed to) I was present when they were found, and the shirts taken from off his back.


                  Robert 
                  Higgens 
               



            . My master, the prosecutor's trunk was broke open, I was called up stairs and told of it, and that the prisoner was suspected, we went and searched his bed, and found the things except the shirts, and they I took off his back.
Q. What did he say?
Higgens. He said he would pay for all the things if we would pardon him.
Q. Did he speak English?
Higgens. He said pardon and pay several times.
Prisoner's defence.
I went out with one of the servants of the inn, and drank five pots of beer with him, and was drunk, then we went out again, and went to a cutler's shop, after that I went home, and they came and took me up.
Mr. Batchelder. I am partner with Mr. Fruger and Mr. Groute. The affair of this unhappy man is recommended by a man of great character abroad, who gives him a very good character, but as he has said nothing for himself, it is in vain for me to say any thing, I only humbly hope the honourable court will put the best construction on his crime they possibly can.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


