





636. 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Hore 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of leather shoes, value 6 s. one cloth cloak, value 1 s. one linen handkerchief, value 1 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Lawrence 
                     Young 
                  




                
            , Oct. 11
.


                  Lawrence 
                  Young 
               



            . I am a barber
, I live in Lickapon-street, one end of it comes into Leather-lane


; I was shaving a gentleman last thursday, between nine and eleven in the forenoon, the prisoner went up my stairs, the key was in the door, whether it was lock'd I can't tell: I heard something trip along the entry, I open'd my shop door pretty suddenly upon her; she ask'd me after some name, I can't now remember, whether they d id not live there; I said you know there is no such person here. let me see what you have under your cloak; I turn'd it up, there I saw these new shoes of mine, and on the other side she had got the cloak and handkerchief under her arm. Mr. Sparks, whom I was shaving, has got the things, and was to have been here as an evidence, but he is engag'd at this time; the prisoner fell on her knees, and ask'd me to forgive her; I ask'd her how she could go up into other people's apartments in such a manner? she said it was necessity that drove her to it, she and her child wanting bread. She offer'd me a shilling for a dozen of beer to let her go, saying, her father was a very honest man in the neighbourhood.
Q. Where were these things?
Young. They were in a room above stairs; when I got up, the shoes stood in the window, the cloak and handkerchief were hanging behind the door.
Prisoner's Defence. I was fuddled when I did it; I have two children, and five months gone with child again, and a very bad husband.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


