






159. (L.) 
               
                  Jarvis, otherwise 
Gervise Shay


            , was indicted for 


               stealing nine thirty six shilling pieces, two moidores, one four shilling and sixpenny piece, twenty-six guineas, six half guineas, and six shilling and sixpence in money numbered
            ; the money of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Bowden 
                  



                
            , Dec. 14

. ||


                  Charles 
                  Bowden 
               



            . I keep a wine and brandy warehouse

 on Ludgate-hill



. On the 14th of Dec. I lost the money mentioned in the indictment. I got up the next morning when my maid asked me if I had left the buroe open: I went to it and missed the money. She said the street door and the warehouse door were open. I took my maid, my man, taat boy, and a fellow-servant with him before the Lord Mayor: the prisoner was servant to a lodger of mine: I got a search warrant from my Lord to search the house of the fellow servant to the prisoner: I went but found nothing; then I searched another house, but found nothing; after that a person that keeps a chandler's shop-by the Fleet-gate, came to me and said, there is a boy that lodges in your house has purchased six pounds worth of crackers and serpents: I desired him to stop him if he should come again. After that when Mr. Barnard was robbed of his gold watch, four guineas, two shillings, and other things, he suspected the prisoner: he asked him in my hearing concerning it; the prisoner denied it. I heard something of him, which gave me reason to suspect him; we took him before the Alderman; going along he confessed the fact to Mr. Barnard: then he confessed to me, and then before my Lord-Mayor, and several Aldermen, that he picked the lock, and broke open the buroe, and took out a pigtail wig; that he drank some green usquebaugh, and another man, a breeches-maker, was in company with him, he staid till he had but four guineas left: when going to Newgate, he then confessed that he took the money himself, that the money and gold watch were upon the leads on the house, and the breeches and wig were put down the vault; that he spent my money in whoring, half a guinea at a time to a girl, in drinking, in birds and cages; that he had given eight guineas to girls, and lost about ten pounds out of a hole where he had hid it, and that he never went out of an errand but he had a coach, and generally drove it himself; he said he lent five guineas to a cheer-woman, and some of it went to the curing him of a clap.


                  William 
                  White 
               



            . I am one of my Lord-Mayor's Martialmen ; the prisoner confessed, when in my custody, that he took Mr. Bowden's money, and had spent it all on women, coach-hire, and plays: that in the whole there was about fifty pounds in thirty-six shilling pieces, &c.


                  Edward 
                  Barnard 
               



            . The prisoner first accused a breeches-maker with being concerned with him, afterwards he said he took Mr. Bowden's money himself.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say nor no witnesses.



               Guilty
            .
There was a second indictment against him for 


               stealing one man's hat, a gold watch, a perriwig, a pair of breeches, two iron keys, four guineas, and two shillings
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Barnard 
                  



                
            , which not being laid capital, he was not tried on that.




[Transportation. See summary.]


