





228. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Toms 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, with a certain offensive weapon, called a pistol, which he had, and held in his right-hand on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Kerrich 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in bodily fear and danger of his life, with intent the goods and money of the said John to steal
            , June 1
.*
John Kerrich. I am a clerk in the Treasury
. I was coming from Marybone-gardens


 in a coach, with others. I believe it was between 10 and 11 o'clock. I heard somebody call, stop, stop. There was also a wrapping at the window shutters. I let it down; then the prisoner at the bar presented a pistol to me, and ordered me to deliver my money. I told him I would, and lean'd back in the coach, in order to get out my money. Seeing his pistol to be a long one, I thought it might easily be secured. When he advanced for my money I struck at the pistol, and he having his finger on the trigger I imagine was the cause of it's going off, and not by any design of his. He ran away from the coach; I jump'd out, and pursued him over a field to some new buildings, where he fell down an arch that was turned for a cellar at my Lord Foley's. I jump'd down, and Mr Hall after me. The prisoner ran along the cellar under the house, I seeing the light before me at the other end, found he did not go out there. I call'd to Mr Hall, and said softly; I heard the prisoner pant. Mr Hall had his sword drawn in his hand. I said, if he will not speak, run him through the body. Mr Hall found him, and desir'd him to surrender, or he would run him through the body; he immediately surrendered. We found him without his coat, which we found afterwards he had left near the place where he stopp'd us. We carried him to the round-house, and the next morning before Mr Fielding, who bound us over.
Cross Examination.
Q. Can you be sure the prisoner is the man: Did you never lose sight of him in the pursuit.
Kerrich. I never lost sight of him 'till he fell into the area, and ran under the house.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Kerrich. No.
Q. Was there any body near you when your coach was stopp'd ?
Kerrich. Mr Leheup, was with me in the coach, but is lame. He told me afterwards a man ran by him. He could not pursue; but it is impossible for it to have been any body else, I followed him so close.
Q. Did you find the pistol?
Kerrich. I had it in my hand, and by pressing his finger made it go off.
Q. What did the prisoner say when you took him?
Kerrich. He said he was extreamly sorry in being guilty of what he had done; and that he was rather glad he was taken, because it might prevent him from being guilty of greater crimes.
Mr Hall. I was in the coach with Mr Kerrich, and heard the word stop. As soon as the window was let down, I saw a pistol come into the coach, but did not see the man that presented it. I saw Mr Kerrich, instead of delivering his money, seize the pistol. I opened the coach on the other side, and got out, and drew my sword, and saw the man running away, and Mr Kerrich after him. The coach went on immediately on the pistol's going off. I pursued also.
Q. How far did you pursue him?
Hall. I believe we might pursue him a hundred or two hundred yards. I never was that road before. We pursued him over two fields, and I saw him either jump or tumble down an arch that was turned for a cellar. Mr Kerrich was a little before me. We pursued him under the passage; there was a light at the other end. Mr Kerrich told me, he had not gone out there; for if he had, he must have seen him; he desired I would stop; we stopp'd, and heard him breathe. I felt about with the point of my sword, and found his cloaths, and said, if he would not get up, I would run him through the body. He got up, and we seized him, and took him to the place where he stopped us. There we found his coat.
Q. Did he own it to be his coat?
Hall. I think he did.
Q. Did he put it on?
Hall. He did. He said he was very sorry for what he had done. Mr Kerrich said, then why did you fire the pistol. He said, he did not recollect he had fired it. He said, he was very glad that he was taken so soon, for he might have been guilty of other crimes, which might have brought him to the gallows.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did you, since that time, make any inquiry into his character?
Hall. We did; and found he had a very good one.
Prisoner's Defence.
This Gentleman says, I never was out of his sight; but I am sensible I was, for I fell down into a deep ditch, as I was running along.
For the prisoner.


                  Robert 
                  Stone 
               



            . I know the prisoner, he served me a year. I am a farmer, and live between Harrow and Uxbridge. He went from me to my father.
Q. How long is it ago?
Stone. He went from me about three years ago, and lived with my father a year. I hired him from a neighbour, one Mr Gurney, where he had lived a year. After he went to Mr Parker he used to come to see me now and then.
Q. What business is Mr Parker?
Stone. He is a Carver, and lives at Marybone. The prisoner always bore a very good character, and was he at liberty I would hire him again.


                  William 
                  Parker 
               



            . I am a Carver, and live at Marybone; the prisoner bound himself to me an apprentice; he has served about eighteen months, and has behaved as well as I could wish. He might have robbed me had he been so minded, as I gave him opportunity in several respects with regard to money. He stay'd out all night, I think it was the 1st of June; it gave me some surprize; and while I was inquiring of my other people for him, the beadle sent a person to acquaint me that he was in the Round-house.
Q. From his general behaviour, notwithstanding this, would you venture him in your house again?
Parker. Yes, and down on my knees, and return the Court thanks, and so would his other masters. I have had great proof of his honesty. I have sent him to a Gentleman in London for five or ten guineas at a time, that I do not settle with sometimes for three years together: he has always brought it me just: he might have kept it a year unknown to me. Where I went out to receive money once, I have sent him five times.


                  Henry 
                  Hopkins 
               



            . I have been acquainted with him better than two years. I am a neighbour of his master's.
Q. What is his general character?
Hopkins. I always took him to be a very honest, sober, young fellow: and a very ingenious man in his business: he always behaved well 'till this unhappy affair.


                  Richard 
                  Bailey 
               



            . I live in Long-Acre, and serve Mess. Vine and Cobb as a Clerk. I have known the prisoner about a year and half; he has come to me in his master's name for money five or six times, which I never refused him; and since this affair, Mr Parker his master and I have looked the accounts over which we found exactly to agree. He has done work in our warehouse, and has been left alone where there has been many things of value, which he might have taken away if he had not been honest.


                  James 
                  Sheridan 
               



            . I have known him ever since he came to his present master; he has behaved so well that every body that knew him, were surprized when they came to hear of this affair. I used to go to Mr Parker's house frequently, where I have seen him at his work and very sober.


                  Daniel 
                  Field 
               



            . I knew him a little before he came to Mr Parker's; he served one of the gentlemen of the jury before he came there; he has been at my house at all seasonable hours, and might have taken things of five or ten pounds value. He was look'd on as honest a young fellow as any in the parish.




               Guilty. Recommended
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


