





152. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Durbin 
                  , otherwise 
Broom, otherwise 
Smallbrook, otherwise 
Tompson, otherwise 
Mason




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one check curtain, value 1 s. one pair of linnen sheets, value 3 s. one pottage pot, one copper saucepan, one iron trivet, and one copper tea-kettle, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Vaughan 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging-room let by contract, &c
            . March 20
. *
John Vaughan. The prisoner rented a two pair of stairs room of me, at half a crown a week ready furnished.
Q. Where do you live?
Vaughan. I live in Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell


: she had been there five weeks, and owed me for rent going on of a month.
Q. What goods did you let her with the room?
Vaughan. The things mentioned in the indictment, with others; she having been absent from the room for nine days, I began to inquire after her, and found her in Turnmill-street; she said, she would come in the afternoon; but she did not come; then I looked into the room, and found the things mentioned in the indictment were missing; I took her up and charged her with taking them away; she confessed she had taken them, and pawned some and sold others.


                  William 
                  Masters 
               



            . I have known the prisoner three or four years.
Q. What was her business?
Masters. She used to make pens for booksellers to rule their streight lines in their books: she pledged a sheet, a pottage pot, and a curtain, to me at three different times. Produced in court.
Q. When was this?
Masters. About the middle of February last.
Q. to Prosecutor. What time did the prisoner lodge at your house?
Prosecutor. We know she had pledged them all before the 20th of March.
Q. to Prosecutor. Was her lodging-room door locked when she was absent?
Prosecutor. She had locked it, and had the key with her.
Magdalen Lawrence. The prisoner came one morning to me, and asked me if I would buy some things out of pawn, her property, and seemed to cry. I asked her what they were, and what they would fetch; she said, they were worth about a crown. I went with her to the Pawnbroker's; she called for the things, which came to three shillings and eight pence; I paid the money, and brought them home; she agreed to take five shillings and two pence in the whole, so I gave her eighteen-pence, and had them about ten days before the officers came and took them away. I had made the check curtain into aprons. Producing them. A pottage pot produced by the Constable.
Masters. The prisoner pledged such a pot as this to me; but it has been out of my hands some time, I cannot swear to it.


                  William 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I am Constable. This is the same pot that I had from Mr Masters's, and the prisoner-owned she had taken that with the other goods, out of the prosecutor's room.
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


