





27. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Bowyer 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one brass candlestick, value 1 s. 6 d. one brass pot-lid, and one copper stew-pan
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clark 
                  




                
            , Nov. 27
.8 
William Clark. On the 27th of November last I lost a brass candlestick, a pot-lid, and a stew-pan
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
Clark. I have a witness here that stop'd the pot-lid. When the prisoner was taken up, he said he knew nothing about the things; but before the justice he acknowledged the taking of them.


                  William 
                  Frankline 
               



            . The prisoner came to me to sell this pot-lid ( holding one in his hand.) I suspected it to have been stolen, and stop'd it. He said he found it in a dust hole.
Q. When was this?
Frankline. I don't know the day of the month. It was about two months ago.
Q. to prosecutor. When did you lose this pot lid ?
Prosecutor. I did not come into the house where I live, till old Michaelmas day, and I lost the things about three week after.
Mrs. Deadley. The prisoner's wife brought a stew-pan and candlesticks to me, and I bought them.
Q. What did you give her for them ?
M. Dindes. I gave her one shilling and six-pence. Before the justice I heard the prisoner say he sent his wife with them.
William Corner. I am a constable. Last Sunday was seven night, at night, Mr. Clark's wife brought me a warrant to take up the prisoner at the bar. I did so, and took him before the justice; but he would not confess. The justice committed him for farther examination. On the Monday I had a search warrant. I went to the house of the last evidence, and found the stewpan and candlestick, and brought them before the justice; where the prisoner's wife said, her husband sent her with them to sell, and at last the prisoner confessed he took them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never was before a justice of the peace in my life. I had lived in the house of the prosecutor, and found these things lying upon the stairs there.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


