





172. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Solomon 
                     Taylor 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one man's cloth coat, one cloth waistcoat, one banjan, and one great coat
            , the goods of 
               
                  Gadeliah 
                  Viganena 
               




             , April 15
.
Gadaliah Viganena. I am a snuff merchant
. I lost a banjan, great coat, frock and waistcoat. I found my great coat at Mr. Philips's, and the others in the prisoner's custody in Rosemary-lane.

Q. Where were they taken from?
Viganena, I had left them in my counting house in Camomile-street.


                  Anthony 
                  Lather 
               



            . Last Friday the prisoner came to my house in Rosemary-lane, as I was opening my shop, and asked me to look at some things; there were a coat, waistcoat and banjan. I asked him the price, he said two guineas all together, but I did not buy them. In about half an hour after he was gone the prosecutor's servant came in a great hurry, and said his matter was ruin'd a person had stole his cloaths, and in the pocket of his coat was a pocket book, wherein were notes to the value of above two thousand pounds; by his describing the things I knew them to be the same, so went to look after the prisoner while the servant staid in my shop. I found him, and brought him back; we found the pocket book in his bosom, and three notes taken out of the book in three of his pockets. He offer'd me half a guinea to let him go. We sent directly to the prosecutor, who came and own'd all the things ( the goods produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Benjamin 
                  Philips 
               



            . I bought a great coat of the prisoner at the bar last Friday.
Q. What are you?
Philips. I keep an old cloaths shop; he had work'd for me a year, and I can't say he wrong'd me of any thing.


                  Abraham 
                  Lopps 
               



            . I am a japanner, and go to gentlemens houses to fetch shoes to black. I met the prisoner about 300 yards from the prosecutor's house on Friday morning last, he had a coat and waistcoat on his arm. I saw him take a large snuff box out of one of the coat pockets, and put it into the pocket of his own coat. Soon after the prosecutor came to my father, and said he was quite ruin'd, he had been rob'd of a coat, waistcoat, banjan and great coat. I asked what colour they were of, and he told me. I said I saw a man with such things going along by the church in St. Mary Axe. I went to look for him, and found he had been at the first shop in Rag fair, but they could not agree. I went towards East Smithfield, and in the mean time he was catch'd in Rag-fair
Q. Did you know him the first time you saw him that day?
Lopps. I did; he had his shoes black'd at our house before that.
Prisoner's Defence.
I began about a fortnight ago to go about with old cloaths. On Friday morning there were two men call'd to me, to know if I would buy some cloaths, and wanted me to go into an alehouse. I said, what signifies going into an alehouse to spend money, I can buy them in the street. They asked me 40 s. I said I thought it was too much, but would give them 30 s. They took my money, and I put them directly over my arm and went to Rag-fair. I am as innocent as a child of a year old. I don't know the person I bought them of.
Prosecutor. He said when we took him he bought them of one Pocock, in Cock and Hoop Yard.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


