





193. (L.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Metcalf 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing twelve yards of ribbon, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Flint 
                  




                
            , March 17
. +


                  Mary 
                  Flint 
               



            . The prosecutor is my husband, we keep a Haberdasher's shop
 on London Bridge


; I was above stairs, and 
               
                  James 
                  Bennet 
               



             called me down, and told me the prisoner at the bar had got a piece of ribbon; I took her up stairs to search her, she ran up before me, and throw'd a piece of ribbon into the sink, I took it out. ( Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  James 
                  Bennet 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Flint 
               



             on London-Bridge, the prisoner came to our shop, and wanted to see some ribbon at five or six-pence per yard, I took out a drawer of plain ribbons to shew her some, she took out a piece, and asked me if it was of a good colour, while she was talking to me I saw the glimpse of her hand in the drawer; after that she desired to see more, I shew'd her some figur'd ones, and asked 6 d. per yard for it, she bid me a groat; I sold her a yard at a groat ; after which I said I thought she had something about her that was not her own, she said I might search her, then I sent for my mistress down stairs, and the prisoner went up before her to be searched.



                  Elizabeth 
                  Pichet 
               



            . I live with Mr. Flint ; I was above in the kitchen by the fire, when the prisoner came up to be search'd; I saw her go to the sink and fling the piece of ribbon into it, after which she undid her pocket, in order to be searched.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been drinking three or four pints of beer with a woman, and said I'd make her child a present for her civility; I went into this shop and asked for a ribbon, the apprentice said plain or figur'd, I said figured, he took out a drawer and asked me six pence a yard; I bought a yard for a groat, after that he put his hand down my bossom, and up my coats; I asked what that was for, he said he thought I had something about me that did not belong to me; I said if I had, it was proper a woman should search me, he said he should think it no sin to rip me open, and let my puddings out; I went up stairs and stripped my self to my bare shift, there was nothing found upon me.
She called 
               
                  Jane 
                  Totham 
               



            , Mary Snowden, and Christian Parker; who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


