





291. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk purse, value 6 d. and 3 foreign pieces of gold, call'd Portugal pieces, value 7 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Arrow 
                  




                
            , June 25
.


                  James 
                  Arrow 
               



            . On the 24th of June I went out of town, and did not return till the 26th in the evening, which was on a Sunday; on the 27th I went into the compting-house for some papers, and I perceiv'd my desk broke open.
Q. What are you?
Arrow. I am a carpenter
. The prisoner was my journeyman
. I call'd the maid and inquir'd who she had seen in the compting house, she said she saw nobody there, then I ask'd all my men, and my apprentice, but they all deny'd it. I apply'd to a justice for a warrant to take them all up. I found when I came to talk with them, the prisoner at the bar contradicted himself two or three times, which gave me a strong suspicion he was the man; then I charged him home with it, and he confessed he took it, to me, and afterwards before the justice. I found the 3 l. 12 s and one 36 s. piece in a green purse like mine, but I can't swear it to be mine.
Q. How came you to find it?
Arrow. One Mr. Coleman came and told me he had received of the prisoner one 3 l. 12 s. and two 36 s. pieces in a green purse, that he had changed one of the 36 s. pieces for him, and brought me the others and purse. I always thought him a very orderly young fellow before this.


                  William 
                  Coleman 
               



            . I am a publican; the prisoner left 7 l. 4 s. with me in Portugal money, and desired my wife would put it by for him. In a few days after I heard he was in confinement, which gave me a suspicion this money was not honestly come by. I went the next day and carried the money to his master, and gave an account of the prisoner's desiring me to change one of the 36 s. pieces.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of it, that money was remitted to me out of Ireland.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


