





126. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nevil 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth waistcoat laced with gold, value 1 l. 1 cloth coat, value 20 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Revil 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Shaw 
               



            , Feb. 21
. *
James Revil. I live in Charter house street


, at the house of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Shaw 
               



            , a grocer; on Saturday last, between 5 and 6 in the evening, I went out and left the prisoner at work, he worked for me, I am a watchmaker
: I returned about 10 and went up stairs and found he was gone; on the next day, being Sunday, I unlocked my trunk and missed a blue grey coat and a Saxon green waistcoat; I found that the lock had been forced off, and the nail taken out; then I suspected the prisoner and went in pursuit of him, and found him at the Rose and Crown in Charterhouse-lane on that Sunday about 11 o'clock; I had him secured in Newprison for that day, I went to him there and he confessed the fact, and said he had pawned the coat at Ann Pain's in Golden-lane, and the waistcoat was at the sign of the Fountain, a publick-house in the same lane; then I got a search warrant and and went to the pawnbroker; he brought me the coat down; I went to the Fountain and found the waistcoat there. Produced in court and deposed to.


                  Francis 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pain, in Golden-Lane. On Saturday last the prisoner brought this coat; I lent him 10 s. on it; on the Monday following I deliver'd it to the prosecutor.


                  William 
                  French 
               



            . The prisoner came to my house, the Fountain in Golden-Lane, last Saturday night, he was in company with two or three people that knew him, who seeing the waistcoat I said it is not safe to carry it with you to night, so with great reluctance he did leave it.
Prisoner. I was reduced to poverty, which made me do this foolish action.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


