





142. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Jefferys 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 6 linnen shirts, value 30 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Gray 
                  




                
            , Jan. 15
. ++


                  Charles 
                  Gray 
               



            . I live in Ely Court, Holborn


; on the 15th of Jan. about break of day, one of my men, named 
               
                  James 
                  Black 
               



            , came to work: my wife got up in the morning, and missed the things mentioned, that were hanging up to dry: I went to enquire if any body had come up stairs besides the alehouse boy; Black told me he had seen nobody come up, but he had seen the prisoner standing over against my door, when he came in: I found the prisoner out in Turn-again Lane; I charged him with taking the things; he denied it: I had with me Mr. Powell, with whom he had once lived, who talked to the prisoner, and after that told me the prisoner had confessed, that he had left them at Mrs. Griffith's in Fleet Lane, till he had an opportunity to sell them: we went to that woman's house, and there found the shirts. (Produced in court.) The woman ran away when I came there.


                  Samuel 
                  Powell 
               



            . Mr. Gray came and asked me where this boy lived; I went with him to the prisoner, he charged him with this affair, the prisoner said he knew nothing of it, saying he was at the Horshoe and Magpye at Holborn Bridge at that time; we went there; the people recollected he was there, but in going up Holborn the boy confessed to me he had took the things, and had lodged them in Fleet Lane; I can't now be positive to the woman's name, but there the things were found; I went with the prosecutor and prisoner there to demand them, there were six shirts and an apron.


                  James 
                  Black 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Gray; I saw the prisoner that morning in the court, sawaying about my master's door, about a quarter after 7 o'clock.
The prisoner had nothing to say.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


