





265. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     WILLIAMS 
                  



               
             was 


               indicted, together with a certain person unknown, for stealing one 36 s. piece, four guineas, five half guineas, and seventeen shillings in money, numbered, the money of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Caton 
                        




, July 26
.*.


                  William 
                  Caton 
               



            . I keep a higgler's cart and go about with butter and eggs
; about seven weeks ago, I do not know the day of the month, it was on a Tuesday; I had taken nine guineas and upwards; my pocket was bad and I put my money in a basket in the cart; I call'd at Mr Booth's and left my cart in the road by his house as usual; I was going to get something for dinner, there was the prisoner and another man eating some dinner; I staid there about an hour and half; the prisoner and other man went away about half a quarter of an hour before me; I went on and drove up my cart to another customer, and going to put my money I took there, amongst the rest, in a bag in the cart; I found my money was gone out of the cart; I made inquiry about the prisoner and other man, having reason to suspect them; and the next day but one I took the prisoner upon Kennington-common, in Surry; I searched, and found upon him twenty-two shillings and six-pence.


                  George 
                  Philips 
               



            . I help'd to take the prisoner upon Kenington-common; there we found upon him twenty-two shillings and six-pence and some halfpence; he said he had received part of a 36 s. piece, a guinea, and three half guineas of the other man; who is supposed to be with him in the robbery; he said he sat on the side of the cart while the other man took the money out.


                  John 
                  Alford 
               



            . I was at the taking the prisoner at Kennington-common; all I heard the prisoner say, was, the other man robb'd the cart, and when they were got in the field he gave him the money, and he had part of it.


                  Thomas 
                  Booth 
               



            . The prisoner and another man were at my house, the Woolpack, at Hackney; I was at the taking the prisoner on Kennington-common.
Q. Did you see them do any thing to the prosecutor's cart?
Booth. When they went out of my house, they said, let us drive the cart towards the brook; I at first thought they intended to play some tricks with the butter; the prisoner own'd, that when the other man was in the cart he said there was money, and took it out and deliver'd it to him; which he said was three half guineas, a guinea, sixteen shillings and six-pence, and a 36 s. piece, which was all he saw; and they afterwards divided it between them.
Prisoner's Defence.
It is true, I was at this publick-house, and the prosecutor fell asleep there, while his cart was at the door; but the other man went out first, and after that I went out and asked him if he would go to work; he said, he did not care to go to work; so he went about his business, and I about mine.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Martin 
               



            . The prisoner drove a team for 4 or 5 years, and did his business in that capacity very well; as for any thing else I know very little of him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


