





180. (L.) 
               
                  Alice , wife of 
                     
                        John 
                        Trueman 
                     







             mariner, was indicted for 


               stealing 16 yards of muslin, value 8 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Combridge 
                  




                
            , Aug. 23
. ||
Mrs. Combridge. I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Combridge 
               



            , he keeps a linen draper's shop
 in Newgate-street


. On the 23d of August, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to our shop; she had been there about two o'clock the same day, but I did not see her. My servant went into the shop to her; she said she wanted to see some Irish linen; she agreed for a piece, at about 2 s. 2 d. per yard; she said her name was Jemmit, and that she came from Fleet-street, saying, Mr. Jemmit used to buy these things himself, but he had not been well used; she looked out different things, amongst the rest was muslin; she had different sorts of muslin cut; I shewed her a piece, which she said was too fine for aprons, so I shewed her some coarser. I left it upon the counter; when she asked for Russia sheeting; I reached some down and shewed her; she agreed for two pair of sheets and many other articles; she behaved very much like a gentlewoman ; I asked her, if she would go backwards and drink a dish of tea. I ordered my servant to do up her parcel; after I had made a bill of parcels, which she ordered me to do, to send home the goods to Mr. Jemmit a grocer in Fleet-street; she said, she hoped I would be a customer to her; so I ordered the porter to bring some sugar, &c. she desired also I would send a bag for to bring some halfpence, saying, her husband Mr. Jemmit had been obliged to take much halfpence; so I must be paid in part with them; then she asked me, if I should send home the goods by that child, meaning my son, and asked if he could write a receipt; I said I'd send them in the morning by a porter, and my son with him, in order to write the receipt; she staid in my shop two hours, with a pretence to buy, &c. I sent the goods, according to her order; the porter and my son returned, and said, that very morning there had been two persons with goods at Mr. Jemmit's before, and that Mrs. Jemmit had not been out the day before; they brought the goods home again; it immediately struck into my mind, this woman did not give me this trouble for nothing; so I examined the muslin; it was easy for her to have taken away three or four pieces of that, it lay in so little room, and the wrapper in which they were lay open upon the counter. I missed a piece of fine muslin; it was 16 yards, which I am positive I had shewed to her, which she said was too fine.
Q. Had you opened the wrapper between the time she was at your shop, and the time you missed it?
Mrs. Combridge. No, my lord, we keep them in a wrapper, and lay them in the counter, the counter and wrapper had not been opened between the time.
Q. Did she desire you to give her credit for these things ?
Mrs. Combridge. No, she did not, my lord.
Q. Did you know Mr. Jemmit?
Mrs. Combridge. I did not, my lord, she came in that name to me.
Q. from the prisoner. Why did not the gentlewoman come to inquire after me before this?
Mr. Combridge. Because I did not know where to find her.


                  John 
                  Combridge 
               



            . I saw the prisoner at our shop August 23. about five o'clock in the afternoon. I heard her bargain with my mama for some goods ; I went the next day with the porter, and a man in Mr. Jemmit's shop told me to take care of the goods, and said, there had been two linen-drapers with goods ordered there, in the same manner that morning; and that Mrs. Jemmit had been ill, and had not been out for a fortnight; so we took the goods back, and I told my mama what I was told there, so my mama looked into the counter amongst the muslin, and missed a piece of it.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Combridge. This was about 10 o'clock, sir.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner say what her name was?
Combridge. Yes, sir, she said her name was Jemmit, and ordered my mama to send the things home to the Blackamore's head, Fleet-street.
Mr. Jemmit. I live at the Blackamoor's-head in Fleet-street.
Q. Where is your wife?
Jemmit. There she sits, [pointing to Mrs. Jemmit  who sat near the bench.] About the 23d of August she was very big with child, and had not been out for a fortnight or three weeks.
Q. Was you in your shop when the porter and last witness came in on the 24th of August?
Jemmit. I was not, but I was when several others came on such like errands. Two or three days after this there came a person with goods, and said, they were ordered there by Mrs. Jemmit, and to satisfy him, I called Mrs. Jemmit down; then the person said, I beg your pardon, this is not the person. I desired them all who came, to carry their goods home, for they were cheated, and bid them see if they had not lost any thing.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw Mrs. Combridge till I was in the Poultry Compter; she came and desired to speak with me; she said, do you know me? I said, no; said she, you are the person that was in my house last August, that went by the name of Jemmit; said she, I am very loth to appear against you, and if you'll give me eight or nine guineas, I will not appear against you. Said I for what? I have nothing to say to you. I went directly into the chamber, and repeated every word as I do now to Mr. Woodman before she got down stairs; she did not tell me her name then, but said she liv'd in Newgate-street.
For the Prisoner.
Mr. Woodman. I remember Mrs. Combridge's being at the Poultry Compter. I heard no conversation between them, they went into another room. I believe within a minute after Mrs Combridge was gone, the prisoner came out of the dining room, and as Mrs Combridge was going down, the prisoner told me as she has said now. But how true it was, I can't say.
To her Character.


                  John 
                  Lloyd 
               



            . I have liv'd at Mary-le-bone twenty-three years.
Q. Where did she live?
Lloyd. She has liv'd at Ratcliff-cross, ever since I knew her.

Q. What is her general character?
Lloyd. A very good one till this time, she has only free from guilt, but as far as I know free from the suspicion of it.
Q. Do you know Mr. Mason?
Lloyd. Yes sir, I do.
Q. What do you think of that affair ?
Lloyd. That is the only thing I know of.
Q. Have you got any witnesses here, to your own character ?
Lloyd. I believe I know some people in court. I am a person of some fortune, of some consideration in the world ; all Paul's Church-yard, and all Long Acre know me.
Q. What are you?
Lloyd. I am an attorney in the King's-bench; I have been admitted five or six and twenty years.
Mr. Eedes. I have known the prisoner I believe about twenty years, and her family much longer.
Q. What is her general character?
Eedes. I never heard any thing amiss of her till these transactions.
Q. When was the last time you saw her?
Eedes. It is about two years ago. Since that time I know nothing of her conduct, either good or bad.
Q. to Mrs. Combridge. Was you at the Poultry Compter, and did you there say, as the prisoner has said?
Mrs. Combridge. I was there, I desired to speak with her alone, and I was desirous to see if I could make her own it; but I could get nothing out of her. I never mentioned money to her, or any thing like it, I put any such question to her.
For the King against the prisoner.


                  Moses 
                  Bradley 
               



            . I live in Leadenhall-street, where the prisoner came to my shop in this same manner.
Q. We must not hear about any other facts, what is her general character?
Bradley. I went to Ratcliff-cross to inquire her character, and by a neighbour of her's I found her character was very bad, and had been so for eleven years last past.



               Guilty
            .
There were two other indictments against her for offences of the same nature; but they not being laid capital, it was needless to try her on any other.




[Transportation. See summary.]


