





58. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Eden 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing five silver tea-spoons
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Levit 
                  




                
            . Dec. 10
.* 
Thomas Levit. I keep a chandler's shop
 at St. Paul's, Shadwell


. My wife having missed five teaspoons suspected the prisoner, she being the last person in the house, so she was taken up.
Q. Do you know any thing of the spoons being in her possession?
Levit. No, I do not.
Q. Have you heard her confess any thing?
Levit. No.


                  James 
                  Andrews 
               



            . I am headborough. On the 7th of December the prisoner came to Mrs. Cockbell's to sell four tea spoons.
Q. How do you know that?
Andrews. She told me so herself, and told me also that she asked such a low price for them that Mrs. Cockbell suspected they were stolen. Mrs. Cockbell sent for me to stop her the second time she came there. I went and took her in charge I asked her how she came by them. She said, she had stole them from Mrs. Levit in Shadwell-Market, and that there were five of them. I asked her where the other was. She said, she had pawn'd it.
Q. Where did she say she had pawn'd it?
Andrews. I don't remember the place she named. (The spoons produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Andrews. Here is one of them which has a piece of cloth tied about it, which is the spoon she had pawn'd. (Taking it from amongst the rest.)


                  Jane 
                  Cockbell 
               



            . I keep a cloaths shop. The prisoner brought four tea-spoons to me on the 1st of December, and offered to sell them for five-shillings. I imagined they were not her own, and told her so. She said they were her own, that her husband was pressed to sea, and she was obliged to sell them. I asked her several questions, as where she lived, and what her way of life was. She said, she lived in the Highway. I asked her who knew her there? She said, she had kept herself so retire that nobody knew her there. I said, I should keep the spoons till she fetch'd somebody to her character. She ask'd me if I could answer that. I said, I could keep the spoons and her too.
Q. Did you stop them?
J. Cockbell. I did, and sent a person with her; but she found means to slip from that person, under a false pretence, so she did not return with the person again. After that the gentleman's kinsman that owned the spoons came and demanded them, and I delivered them.
Q. Did she say how she came by the spoons?
J. Cockbell. I believe she did, after she was taken up.
Prisoner's Defence.
It is the first thing that I ever did of this sort in my life, and I hope it will be the last.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


