






412. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hutton 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wright 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Salmon 
                        




                      
                  , his wife being therein, and stealing two saws, val 10 s
            . July 3
.


                  Edward 
                  Salmon 
               



            . I live in Chancery-lane


, and am a carpenter
. I lost two saws about two months ago. Mr. Remnant sent a porter with a message for me, to come away instantly; for I had been robbed. I went, and he took me down to Bridewell; there he shewed me the two saws, which I missed in two hours after I had lost them, in the custody of 
               
                  John 
                  Hunter 
               



            . We carried the two prisoners before the sitting alderman at Guildhall, from Bridewell; I charged them with stealing the two saws out of my dwelling house. I don't know what was said there, but think they said they knew nothing of the matter. (He prevaricated so much, that the court order'd him to stand by for a time.)


                  William 
                  Remnant 
               



            . On Friday the 3d of July, I was at work in the Temple. Going home, I saw the two prisoners standing at Salmon's door. Wright was three parts in getting over the window when I was near him. I had not gone three doors past, before I heard the door unlock, and saw Hutton go in, and the door shut again. Then I came back again, and look'd over, and saw them looking about the house. I took them to be bailiffs, they having great sticks. I went to a green stall over the way, and staid there about ten minutes; then they came both out and went down Fleetstreet. I crossed the way and laid hold of Hutton, and with giving a spring took hold also of Wright. I saw a gentleman's footman coming, and called him to my assistance; he came and took hold of Wright. I took a stick and a hand saw from Hutton, the other person took another saw from Wright; they had the two saws under their coats. We carried them to St. Dunstan's church, to Mr. Hunter, the constable, who I knew to be there being a carpenter at work there. Then we took them to Guildhall before the sitting alderman, the prosecutor came there and saw the saws and swore to them, and he, I, and Mr. Hunter put our private marks on them; here they are; then they were delivered to the constable again. There Hutton said to Wright, you may as well make yourself an evidence, for it is now in your power, and save yourself, for I shall be hanged.


                  John 
                  Hunter 
               



            . I am constable of St. Dunstan's in the West, Mr. Remnant and a gentleman's footman brought the 2 prisoners to me on the 3d of July in the morning to the church. We took them before the sitting alderman, where Mr. Remnant said the same as now. There I heard Hutton say to Wright save yourself if you can get to be an evidence. I took these saws into my possession after they were marked.
Here the prosecutor is called up again.
Q. Look at these two saws, do you know them?
Prosecutor. They are both mine, I put a mark upon them before the Alderman. They were in my shop that morning.
Q. What time did you open your window that morning?
Prosecutor. My wife then lay in, so I did not lie at home; my apprentice had opened the windows before they took the saws. I was not at home till about half an hour after 7 o'clock, after the saws were missed.
Remnant. The prosecutor told me he put a handle to one of the saws.
Prosecutor. I did so, it is the smallest saw.
Hutton's Defence.
I had a small acquaintance with Mr. Salmon, and he knew something of me. I went and knocked at his door, a man looked out at his window, and said he was not at home; I wanted to borrow a saw of him, the door was open, I went in and took these saws with intent to borrow them, in tending to bring them back again.
Wright had nothing to say.




               Both guilty of felony only
            .
For Hutton see No 70 in Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Pennant 
               



            's, and 516 in John Blachford's, Esq; mayoralty.





[Transportation. See summary.]


