





237. (L.)
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Mullins 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 30 s. two silver spoons, value 7 s. two pair of sheets, value 6 s. five linen shirts, two linen waistcoats, one silk petticoat, one linen gown, one bed-gown, one pair of cotton hose, two pair of thread hose, three linen table-cloths, nine linen clouts
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Chandler 
                  




                
            , April 22
.* 
Charles Chandler. The prisoner did live servant
 with me about ten months.
Q. When did she quit your service?
Chandler. About a fortnight ago. These goods mentioned had been taken away by a little at a time; some of them I found were pawned nine months ago, some eight, some seven, and some four.
Q. Did you miss the goods when she went away?
Chandler. I can't say I did. There was a relation had left some child-bed linen at my house in a chest; she came for some of them, and called to my wife to know if she had done any thing with them, missing them out of the chest. The prisoner went away that night. Then I looked into the beaufet, and missed two silver spoons, then we suspected the prisoner.
Q. Did you turn her away?
Chandler. No, we did not. After she was gone we missed the things; we went and took her up, and she confessed where she had pawned them, and went along with us to the pawnbroker's, where we found them.
Q. When was she taken up?
Chandler. She was taken up on the 23d of April, and by her direction we found the silver watch, two silver spoons, four sheets, three tablecloths, two petticoats, one napkin, five or six shirts, and two linen waistcoats, at a pawnbroker's in Houndsditch.
Mrs. Chandler. The prisoner lived servant with me ten months and about ten days; I always, took her to be a very honest person till the 22d of April; then I had a relation came for some things, which she had entrusted under my care, and when she came to look for them, they were gone; and she went away at the time. We missed the goods mentioned in the indictment and more; and when we took up the prisoner, we found what are here produced, by her confession and direction. (Produced in court, and deposed to.)


                  Mary 
                  Worrel 
               



            . My mother is a pawnbroker; the prisoner brought the things mentioned in the indictment, and pawned them at our house; the first she brought in last September, but she was constantly coming backwards and forwards; she had some of them out several times.
Mr. Barnard. I being a near neighbour, and hearing Mr. Chandler's servant had robbed him, went to know about it. I went for the officer to come and take her up, we took her, and I heard her confess she had taken the things mentioned at several times, and told us where they were pawned. I went with the prosecutor and she to the pawnbroker's house, and found them accordingly. We could get nothing but what we named, and we were obliged to call for some things that we did not know were pawned before, and by that means we got more than we had missed; for the pawnbroker would not, at our request, look over her books, to see what she had of the prosecutor's; for the prisoner had pledged things so frequently, that she did not know what she had carried there.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


