






150, 151. (M.) 
               
                  Mary
                   Dwyre, spinster

, otherwise 
Eleanor Riland




            , and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Morris 
                  



               
            , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Morse 
                     Day 
                  




                
            , March 3
.


                  Morse 
                  Day 
               



            . On the 3d of March I was in the Ambery


, where 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dwyre 
               



             held me by my coat, took my watch out of my pocket, and gave it to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Morris 
               



            . Dwyre held me by my waist while she ran away with it.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Day. This was about eleven o'clock at night.
Q. Was it in a house, or in the street ?
Day. It was in the street; after that Dwyre ran away.
Q. Did you know them before?
Day. No, I did not.
Q. Was it a light or dark night?
Day. It was a very clear night; I took 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dwyre 
               



             directly.
Q. Which pocket did she take your watch from?
Day. From out of my coat pocket. After she had stole it, she took my stick and flung it away, and said, '' Why don't you go and take your stick?'' This was to hinder my taking the other. I carried Dwyre to the Round-house, in St. Margaret Church-Yard.
Q. Where did you find Morris?
Day. She came accidentally along with two women to justice Fielding's. I knew her directly, and challeng'd her.
Q. Did you ever find your watch again?
Day. No, I never did; she said she knew nothing of it.
Bright Wilmot. I was constable of the night; the prosecutor brought 
               
                  Mary 
                  Riland 
               



             to me, at St. Margaret's watch house, and charged me with her; I asked him what he charged her with; he said, he had lost his watch. I went to search her, and he said I need not, for another woman had ran away with the watch; then there came a man to me, who gave me an account of the other prisoner, I went and took her, and brought her and two other women one by one into the room, and he knew her at first sight.
Dwyre's Defence.
The prosecutor has been with me backwards and forwards in Horseferry-Road for above these twelve months past. He ordered me to come there to him that night. I went and said to him, will not you give me some money, as you promised me? I am now with child by him. He said, '' You bitch, if you follow me, I'll charge a constable '' with you.'' When he found I would not leave him he said, '' I put my watch into my coat '' pocket, and she has taken it out.''
Q. to the constable. Did he seem to have known either of the prisoners before?
Constable. No; he said that night he had never seen them before.
Q. Was he sober?
Constable. He was compos mentis, half in half, not very sober.
Q. Did Dwyre talk as if she knew the prosecutor before?
Constable. No, not a word of that sort.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


