





224. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Rice 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linen gown, value 10 s. one cotton gown, value 10 s. one callimanco petticoat, value 10 s. three linen shirts, one silk handkerchief, one pair of stays, one linen petticoat, two linen shifts, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Dennis 
                           Macquire 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        David 
                        Price 
                     



, June 14
. ||


                  Dennis 
                  Macquire 
               



            . I am a milkman
, and live in Great Swan alley


; I go out every morning at about four o'clock. On this day fortnight I being gone out about business, the things mentioned in the indictment were taken away, two gowns, a pair of stays, a callimanco petticoat, silk handkerchief, shirts and shifts.
Q. Where were they when you went out?
Macquire. They were all in my room, lying on my bed, and about.
Q. Have you a wife?
Macquire. I have.
Q. Where was she?
Macquire. I left her getting up at the time I went out. When I came home about half an hour after nine o'clock, my next door neighbour, Mrs. Sprage, told me I had been robbed. I found the door had been broke open, but we had the things again.
Q. Do you know the prisoner?
Macquire. No, I do not, I never saw her before that time.
Q. from prisoner. Did not you send an attorney or agent to me in Newgate to make it up with me?
Macquire. No, never.


                  Judith 
                  Macquire 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; I went out to my work as usual, this day fortnight, after my husband was gone out, and locked the door. About seven in the morning, my next door neighbour, a baker's wife, sent her maid for me, to come home, telling me I had been robbed. When I came there, Mrs. Sprage, my neighbour had got the prisoner by the arm at my back door; she told me the prisoner had been in my room, and had brought a bundle of things out; I went up stairs, and found my things lying about the room, (a bundle of things produced in court.) Here are two gowns, one cotton, and one linen, a callimanco petticoat, and three shirts, two shifts, a silk handkerchief, and a pair of stays.
Q. What did the prisoner say?
J. Macquire. She said she wanted to take a room in the house.
Q. Did she confess any thing?
Macquire. She sent for me to New prison, and there confessed she took the things.
Q. When was this?
Macquire. It was last Tuesday was se'nnight, the woman that came for me, proves to be her own sister. The prisoner told me another woman (that knows my room, and had been in it often, though never took any thing) brought her, and opened my door, and then she, the prisoner, went in and took the things. She desired I would get the bill found ignoramus, and she would pay all the charges that I had been at.


                  Mary 
                  Sprage 
               



            . I live in Swan-alley, and keep a baker's shop the very next door to the prosecutor; on this day fortnight, about the hour of nine in the morning; I was going to throw out some dirty water at my back door, I observed the prisoner at the bar, make a motion to me to move my back door; upon that I withdrew, she pushed the yard door a little way open, to go up stairs, where the prosecutor lives; I called my maid to look at her, to see if she knew her. My maid came down, and went into the back room. I was describing her to my maid, presently the prisoner came down with a lap full of things; she went out, I opened my door, and followed her, I took her by the arm, and asked her who she belonged to, she said what was that to me; I said hussy how dare you to go into that house, do you know any body there; she said no, then said I what did you go there for; she again said what is that to you; I pulled her by the apron, and observed in it a blue and white gown, and a black quilted petticoat; I asked her how she came by them, she immediately ran up stairs, and flung them out of her apron, with other things, them I knew, (taking them up from amongst the others.) Coming down, she laid hold of an old waistcoat that belongs to a poor man, that lodges in another room, she said to me, you impudent jade, how dare you stop me, I was directed here to hire a room, and am a dealer in old cloaths, this is all I had in my apron, shewing me this old waistcoat, (producing one) this I know to be the poor man's property I mentioned, that was lying at the bottom of the stairs. I sent for Mrs. Macquire, she came home, and went up to the door, and returned, and said it was broke open; said the prisoner will you swear your door is broke open; she said she would, then said the prisoner I will sent for a smith; a smith was sent for, who said the lock was broke.
Q. Did you see her take this waistcoat?
Sprage. I saw her take it up at the bottom of the stairs, the poor man is a watchman that lives in the house, I have seen him with it on many times.


                  Anne 
                  Clark 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Sprage, I saw the prisoner take up the waistcoat, and know it is the property of a poor watchman that watches in Red-Lion-street, he lodges in that house where the prosecutor does; I saw her put it into her apron, when my mistress took hold of her she swore and curst at a desperate rate.
Q. What did she say for her excuse in coming there?
Clark. She said she was a buyer and seller of old cloaths. When she went up stairs to put the things out of her apron, my mistress followed her and would not let her get away, she sent me for Mrs. Macquire, a constable was sent for afterwards, and she was secured.
Prisoner's defence.
I am a buyer and seller of old cloaths
, they sent a solicitor to me, who told me if I would give them a note of hand, and my husband's will and powers, I should have a bill of ignoramus found, and should have my liberty. Please to call 
               
                  Simon 
                  Jones 
               



            , he can give an account of it.
For the prisoner.


                  Simon 
                  Jones 
               



            . I do not know what I am called for.
Prisoner. You saw me in New prison.
Jones. I saw her in prison, and asked her her husband's name, she said it was 
               
                  John 
                  Rice 
               



            , is all I know. I asked her no other question, only whether he was abroad or at home; she told me he had been abroad a great while, and she had heard from him, but not lately.
Prisoner. He came and said he was come to settle a thing with me, that if I would give him a note of hand for three or four pounds, and give up my will and powers, he would get me cleared.
Jones. It is all false.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


