





126 (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Hasty 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one velvet cushion, belonging to a sedan chair, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Croft 
                  




                
            , January 24
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Croft 
               



            . I am a chairman
, I bought a new chair last Michaelmas, and let it to 
               
                  John 
                  Pike 
               



            ; the cushion here produced belongs to it, and is my property.


                  John 
                  Pike 
               



            . I rent this cushion of Croft; the 24th of January, a little before seven o'clock, I left the chair in Arlington-street


 upon my stand, and went to carry a lady out in her own chair. When I came back, in about two hours and a half, I found the door of my chair open (I had shut it when I left it) the cushion was gone. The Sunday following, a constable that is here, came to me, and asked me if I had lost any thing? I described the cushion I had lost. The prisoner was in St. Margaret's round-house; I went, and he took the prisoner to his house; there he said it was her cushion, and a gentleman's servant gave it her. We took her before justice Ledia rd, where she kept in the same story.


                  Anne 
                  Fargison 
               



            . The prisoner asked me to buy some old cloaths on the 25th of January in Dean's-yard. I went with her to the pawnbroker's, she asked for the things she brought the night before; then this cushion, and the calimanco cover to it, were produced. I would not have it, but before it was produced, I, as is usual in buying things at pawnbrokers, laid down two shillings and a penny; she took up the two shillings, and the pawnbroker the penny; when I saw what it was, I would not have it, but they would not deliver my money back again. I went home, and told my mistress of it. She ordered me to go and fetch the cushion. I went to the pawnbroker the next day, and asked for it; he made me give two shillings and a penny more, and delivered it to me. Then I carried it to Mr. Mantor the constable, and went and brought the prisoner there; but she thought that she was going to have some beer, as it was a public-house. Then they asked her if she knew the cushion? She said, yes; and said it was her property. Then she was taken before the justice, and said that it was her own, and was from thence committed to the Gatehouse.


                  Mary 
                  Mantor 
               



            . On the 25th of January, the last evidence came to me; she told me the same she has said now. I asked her how she could meddle with this thing, knowing the prisoner had been tried for a crime of the same kind. I said, can you get it? She said she could if she had two shillings. I gave her two shillings. She went in church-time on the Sunday to fetch it (the pawnbroker's name is 
               
                  Richard 
                  Cleaveland 
               



            , who has absconded, he lived at the corner of College-court, Dean's-yard.) I went to justice Lediard's, and asked his advice about it, he ordered me to get the prisoner. So I sent the girl for her; she came, and I asked her if it was her's? She said it was her own, and that she had it of a strange man like a gentleman's servant. Mr. Mantor went out to see among the chairmen who had lost such a thing, he brought in the prosecutor, who described it in every particular, then I shewed it him.



                  Samuel 
                  Mantor 
               



            , the constable, confirmed the evidence of the other witnesses.
Prisoner's defence.
On the 23d of January, at the Coach-and-horses in St. James's-street, there was a gentleman's servant, he asked me to go and pawn this thing, I took him with me to the pawnbroker, and he staid at the door till I came out.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


