





170. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Burnell 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 15 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Bowles 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Dec. 22
.* 
George Bowles. The prisoner picked my pocket of a linen handkerchief, on the 22d of December at the Royal Exchange. I did not see him or know any thing of it till a gentleman's coachman who saw him, informed me of it. Then I felt for my handkerchief, and it was gone. This is the handkerchief. Producing it.
Prisoner. Did he not drop his handkerchief by accident?
Bowles. No, not as I know of, my lord.


                  William 
                  Dutton 
               



            . I saw the young gentleman with the corner of this handkerchief hanging out of his pocket, looking at a show-glass at a picture shop, where there were little cuts; after that the prisoner came up to him, seeing the handkerchief ; he covered him with his body and stoop'd down, and made a motion to pick his pocket, but did not at that time; the young lad removed from that window and look'd at another, then the prisoner removed after him and stoop'd down over him again, and pick'd his pocket. I saw it all; then the prisoner went a little farther off, and I went and stop'd him; then I called to the young lad, and asked him if he had not lost his handkerchief? he said no; I said feel in your pockets, he did and then said he had. Then I asked him if this was his? he said it was.
Prisoner. That witness saw me pick it up, and he would have it himself, and I would not let him.
Dutton. My lord, I saw him take it out of the young gentlemen's pocket.
Prisoner. Bringing me to Newgate he asked me, if I had any money about me? if I would give him some, he would not prosecute.
Dutton. I ask'd him if he had any money in his pocket? he said no; so I gave him a penny, that is all I know.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


