





422. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Bennet 
                  



               
            , widow, was indicted for 


               stealing one hat, value 4 s. one crape hatband, value 6 d, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Rule 
                        



                      
                  : one linen apron, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Fergerson 
                        



, June 18
. *
John Rule. I live in new Hermitage-street near Wapping


: The hat was taken out of my house the 18th of May, the next witness can give a particular account of it.


                  Sarah 
                  Scott 
               



            . Last Tuesday was fortnight, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the forenoon, I saw the prisoner go into Mr. Rule's house, I live right against him. There was a woman with a callimanco gown with her, she stood at the window, the prisoner was in about six minutes, and I saw her come out again with some things in her apron. I went immediately to Mrs. Jenny, and ask'd if she had lost any thing, she was above stairs, she went down and missed the things. Then we went and pursued the prisoner, and she was taken just as she was going to take water. She had on a stripe cotton gown, which I gave as a direction to apprehend the right person. She was brought back with the things in her apron.

Jane Fergerson confirmed that of taking the prisoner with the things upon her, that the apron was her own property, and the hat Mr. Rule's.


                  John 
                  Burnham 
               



             depos'd, that the time the prisoner was taken, she said, the other woman was not concerned with her.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am as innocent as the child unborn: my partner was so wicked as to take the things and put them into my apron. I thought she had bought them. She gave sixpence to go over the water, and I never saw her since.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


