





132. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Brasiel 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Mead 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , January 16
. ||


                  Charles 
                  Mead 
               



            . On the 16th of January, between five and six o'clock, going by St. Dunstan's church


, I thought I felt somebody put a hand in my pocket. I felt, and missed my handkerchief; I turned about and saw it in the prisoner's hand; he threw it away; a gentleman took it up, and said here is your handkerchief. I took the prisoner before the justice, but he denied his having taken it.
Prisoner's defence.
The gentleman charged me with stealing his handkerchief. I told him I never saw or touch'd it.
For the prisoner.


                  Charles 
                  Cox 
               



            . I keep the Bell Alehouse in Popin's-Alley. I have known the prisoner two years, he used my house every day; he always bore a good character.


                  Matthew 
                  Lord 
               



            . I have known him between three and four years. I never heard any thing ill of him. He served his time next door to me.


                  John 
                  Rayner 
               



            . The prisoner served me about a year and a half. He bore a good character when he was with me.
Q. How long has he left you ?
Rayner. About a year and a quarter.
Q Where has he work'd latterly ?
Rayner. He work'd for Mr. Rosliter, in Pudding-Lane; and a little time with Mr. Cooper and Mr. Hall. I would employ him again were he clear'd.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


