





394. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Bareive 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three dozen of silk handkerchiefs, ten yards of dimity, eight yards of printed linen, and one cheque handkerchief
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Davis 
                  




                
            , July 25
. ||


                  David 
                  Davis 
               



            . On the 25th of July last I had some business at Wapping. As I was coming by Iron-gate to Tower-hill, I saw a great mob of people, so I went a little way round because I would not go through them: I saw a foreigner pretty much beat and abused, and happened to say to the person that was using him ill, it, it is a pity that you don't use the man better, you would not like to be used so was you abroad; the man stepped up to me and said, if you speak another word we'll throw you into the ditch; I said no more, but was soon knock'd down and received several blows about my breast and stomach. I had a bundle of things, such as dimity, handkerchiefs, muslin, and other things in a handkerchief. When I got up and out of the croud I went back towards Iron-gate; the prisoner overtook me and said, Sir you have been used very ill; I said do you know the fellow that beat me, for I design to take a warrant for him. Said the the prisoner, I'll tell you who and what he is, and where he lives. I said if you do I'll be oblig'd to you. We went together to the sign of the Ship, called for a pot of beer, and drank it. I ask'd the landlord to let me leave my bundle for a little while. The prisoner said I had best go to justice Rickards for a warrant; we went there, but he was not at home; then we went to justice Gower's and got a warrant for the man that abused me; after that we went for a constable to serve it. The prisoner all this while pretended to be my friend; but while the constable and I went to take the man up we lost the prisoner. He went back to the publick-house in Tower-street, where I had left the bundle (as I found afterwards) and took it away; presently after I went there and asked for my bundle, the landlord said I had sent a man for it, I said I never saw the man before. Soon after I advertised the goods with two guinea reward, and heard the prisoner was frequently about the streets. About a month or five weeks after I found him in Spitalfields. and took him in custody, when he acknowledged he went without my leave for the bundle, in my hearing, and in the hearing of other witnesses.
Q. Did he confess he was guilty of stealing the things mention'd?
Davis. He did, and said. '' Please your worship '' I can inform you of a great many crimes '' that I have committed, and by a gang that I '' belong to.''
Q. What was in the bundle?
Davis. There were three dozen of silk handkerchiefs, eight or ten yards of printed linen, ten yards of dimity, some muslin, a cheque handkerchief, and other things which I have not laid in the indictment; I have not mention'd half the things: I did not take particular notice of them all.
Q. What are you?
Davis. I am a linen-draper, and was carrying them to a gentleman.
Q. What is the landlord's name that keeps the Ship alehouse?
Davis. His name is 
               
                  Charles 
                  Forrest 
               



            . The prisoner proposed to help me to the things again, if I would acquit him.
Q. Did he know of your leaving the bundle there?
Davis. Yes; he was with me.
Q. From prisoner. Did not the landlord refuse to take charge of the bundle?
Davis. The landlord said, '' Sir, here seems to '' be some valuable things in this bundle, which '' I will take care of, but I will not take charge of '' what is in it.''


                  Charles 
                  Forrest 
               



            . I live at the ship, in Tower-Street. About three months ago the prisoner and prosecutor came into my house and call'd for a tankard of beer, which was drawn them. My boy came into the bar and said, the gentleman desired I'd take a bundle to keep for him. I went out, and, having never seen either of them before, told him I would not be accountable for any thing that was in it, searing it might be suspected I should take any thing out of it. They pressed me very hard, and said they would come back again in about an hour and half. I sent the boy up with it into my room, and in about an hour after that the prisoner came in a great hurry, and said he wanted the bundle his master left here. I sent the boy up for it, which he brought, and deliver'd it to the prisoner, who went away with it. In about an hour after that came the prosecutor. and ask'd for the bundle. Then I said here is some cheat in this. He said it was his own property. I said, I don't know but what you are as bad a man as the other, and I'll send for a constable and make you let us know who you are. He went away, and after that came again with a constable, and wanted to speak with me. Then, after he had told me the affair, I said, if you have been rob'd. I'll appear for you any where. He said, be should be obliged to me if I saw the prisoner if I would take him up. I think it was this day six weeks the prosecutor and two or three men came, and told me they had taken the prisoner, and desired me to go with them to justice Fielding. I went with them to the Brown-Bear, in Bow-street, and in a back room there was a good many people. I immediately went to the prisoner, laid my hand on his shoulder, and said he was the man, and ask'd him if he knew me. He said, yes; you keep the Ship in Tower-Street, where I fetch'd the bundle from. After that we went to justice Fielding's, who committed him to the Gatehouse; but before that he said, if the prosecutor would go along with him he would tell him of two or three of his gang, and also a pawnbroker, in Houndsditch, that bought the things they got this way.
Prisoner's Defence.
On the 16th of August I went to receive some money of my father, in St. Catherine's; there happen'd to be a mob so that I could not come by, which was occasioned by a soldier's striking a foreigner over the head, and beating him all of a gore blood. This 
               
                  David 
                  Davis 
               



            , that has swore against me, said to the soldier, how came you to serve the foreigner so? he said, what is that to you, you rascal, struck him on the breast, and was going to put him into the ditch. After that Davis saw me talking with the Turk; he came to me, and said, did you see the blow given by the soldier? I should be glad if you would go with me. I said, if you will call upon me I will tell you where I live, and go with you. We went to the ship, in Tower-street, where he call'd for a tankard of beer. After that he call'd to the landlord to take the reckoning, and ask'd him to let him leave the bundle while we went to the justice. The landlord said, I will take no charge of the bundle, because I don't know who you are. The boy took the bundle, and we went away together to the justice's, to get a warrant. Justice Richards was ill. Then we went to Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , who granted us a warrant to take the soldier up. We went to the constable's house, who was at dinner. After dinner he went along with us to the 
               
                  Rosemary 
                  Branch 
               



            , in Rag Fair, to see if the man was there. We walked backwards and forwards to see for him. Then we went into a Jew's house, where we sat down, and call'd for two tankards of beer. I told him I could not stay any longer. Said he, go you to the place where I left my bundle and fetch it. I said, Sir, I can't say I know the publick-house, but I know Tower-Street very well. Said he, go to the landlord, say you come from your master, and desire him to deliver the bundle to you, which I did, and he delivered it to me. I brought it to the house where the prosecutor was, delivered it to him, and he gave me a shilling for my trouble. There is a man in court that saw me deliver the bundle to the same man, my prosecutor; his name is 
               
                  Moses 
                  Henericus 
               



            .


                  Moses 
                  Henericus 
               



            . About July or August my master, who is father to the prisoner at the bar, sent me to look for him, for he wanted him. Coming through Houndsditch I happen'd to see him with a bundle under his arm. I said, where are you going? He said, to carry this bundle to a gentleman. I went with him to a disorderly house. in Partridge-Street, where was this gentleman; he took the bundle, and said he should come along with me directly. On the 15th of September the prisoner was taken up, and carried before justice Fielding.
Q. Did you take notice what was in the bundle ?
Henericus. No. I did not.
Q. Are you certain it was the prosecutor he deliver'd it to?
Henericus. I saw him deliver it to a man in a linen waistcoat; to the best of my knowledge it was the prosecutor.
Q. Will you swear it?
Henericus. I will not be positive.
Q. At whose house was it?
Henericus. At the house of one Benjamin, a Dutch Jew. The prisoner was taken up on Thursday the 15th of September, by Stanley and Plump, and carried before justice Fielding, when he was remanded back for farther examination; but in the afternoon the prosecutor came to the prisoner's father, and offer'd to take five pounds to discharge him.
Q. When was this ?
Henericus. This was the same day. The Monday following the prosecutor, in company with Stanley at the Bear, told him, if he would turn evidence he should get the reward and be clear'd The prisoner said he knew of no felonies, so could not turn evidence. Then Stanley said he should not be clear'd for ten pounds.
Q. Who is this Stanley ?
Henericus. He is a gentleman thief catcher; it is but three or four days ago since he sent another letter to the prisoner's father, to make it up.
Q. Are you sure it was the prosecutor that came to the prisoner's father, and offer'd to make it up for 5 l.
Henericus. I remember he came there and offer'd to take 5 l.
Q. How do you know it was him?
Henericus. Because he said he was the man that was rob'd and ill used; I am positive of that: he said he was the prosecutor.
Q. Are you sure it was him that the bundle was deliver'd to ?
Henericus. I remember the glimpse of him then.
Q. Is this the same man?
Henericus. I can't tell; I will not be so exact.
Q. Can you swear he is the man that came for the 5 l.
Henericus. I swear he is the man that came for that.


                  Nathan 
                  Bareive 
               



            . I am father to the prisoner. On the 15th of September I was in the Synagogue saying my prayers (it was New-Year's Day with us). when the gentleman came in, and enquired for me.
Q. What gentleman ?
Bareive. Mr. Davis. I said, Sir, what will you please to have? let me say my prayers and I'll come out to you. He said, your son is under misfortune, for he has dealt very roguishly with me, but if you will I'll make you easy. I said, I want to know what it is. He brought me to the Black-Horse, Rag-Fair, and said, sit down; they were all together. I ask'd my boy what was the matter, who told me this story, that the gentleman employed him for a shilling. The thief catchers said, if you please to deliver 5 l. he shall discharge the boy, for he has got no warrant. I said, I am a poor man, and if the boy has done any harm he must suffer the law. I went away again to the Synagogue, and about three o'clock the gentleman came in at the door, and said, if you'll give me 5 l. I'll discharge him. I said, I'll give you nothing. The Monday morning he was going to carry him to the justice, at which time he demanded of me 10 l.
Q. Are you sure of that?
Bareive. The thief catchers said he will not discharge him under that. I said, I will not give a farthing.
Q. to Davis. Do you know any thing of this; did you go and offer to make it up for 5 l.?
Davis. I never saw this man ( meaning Henericus) before to day, as I hope to appear before God, to my knowledge.
Q. Did you ever receive your bundle again of the prisoner ?
Davis. No. I never did.
Q. Did you ever offer, in the presence of Henericus, to make up this matter ?
Davis. No, never in my life; justice Fielding gave me street charge to the contrary.
Q. Did you ever propose, if he would turn evidence against the rest of the gang, this matter should be made easy; but, if not, you would not acquit him for 10 l.
Davis. The prisoner had pitch'd upon half a dozen people that, he said, were concerned with him in taking this bundle, which, he said, were all Jews, and that one of them was worth four or five thousand pounds, whose chief employ was to buy stoln goods, and send them to Holland. I said, if you do bring these people to justice I'll be as easy as I can with you, but you shall come before the justice; but nothing of five or ten pounds was mention'd.
For the Prisoner.


                  Moses 
                  Torics 
               



            . I have known the prisoner twenty years.
Q. What has been his behaviour?
Torics. I know him to be a very honest young man; his father is a butcher, and he receives money for him.


                  Moses 
                  Carvanca 
               



            . I have known him about fifteen years.
Q. What is his general character?
Carvanca. I have always known him to be a very honest young man; I have left him in my shop several hours together, and I never lost any thing by him.


                  Joseph 
                  Israel 
               



            . I am a peruke-maker, and have known the prisoner fifteen years; I always knew him to be a very honest creditable young man: I never knew any harm by him.

Q. to prosecutor. Did you ever receive your things again?
Prosecutor. No, never.



               Guilty
            .


                  Moses 
                  Henericus 
               



            . committed to be tried for perjury.




[Transportation. See summary.]


