





23. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Swingwood 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 2 baskets, value 6 d. and 120 drinking glasses, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Windle 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Quinton 
                  



                
            , November 1
. ++


                  James 
                  Hambleton 
               



            . I was servant to Mess. Windle and Quinton, at the Green Yard; they have a very large manufactory of all sorts of flint glasses.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Hambleton. I do, he was teazer there.
Q. What is that?
Hambleton. That is to Stoak the fire, and keep it up.
Q. Do you remember any thing of any glasses being taken away by the prisoner?
Hambleton. Yes, two baskets, which contained about ten dozen of drinking glasses.
Q. Where were they before he took them away?
Hambleton. They were in my master's yard, laid by in a convenient place, till he could take them away by night.
Q. Where were they before they were put in that convenient place?
Hambleton. They were in the warehouse.
Q. Who brought them out of the warehouse?
Hambleton. The prisoner at the bar did.
Q. How do you know that?
Hambleton. Very well, for I was with him at the time; we were partners in it, and he brought them to our house. Then one Persia Hart came and fetched them away; she bought them.
Q. What was she to give for them?
Hambleton. She gave two shillings and six-pence a dozen for one parcel, and two shillings for the other.
Q. What were they worth?
Hambleton. The parcel for which she gave two shillings and six-pence, were worth four shillings and six-pence per dozen, and that at two shillings were worth three shillings and three pence, or three shillings and six-pence per dozen, to sell to the trade.
Q. When was it that he and you took them away from your master's yard?
Hambleton. That was about six weeks ago; it was about the 1st of November.

Q. What did Mrs. Hart do with them?
Hambleton. I cannot tell.
Q. Did she keep a shop?
Hambleton. No, she did not; she told me afterwards she had sent them into the country.
Q Did your masters, or either of them, know of your taking them away ?
Hambleton. No, at that time they did not know they were stolen.
Prisoner. That witness gave me the glasses out of the warehouse.
Q. Which of you proposed the first robbing your masters ?
Hambleton. We were all of us very willing to do it.
Q. How long had the prisoner been servant there?
Hambleton. He had been servant there about two years.
Q. How long had you?
Hambleton. I had been servant there on and off till May last these six years.
Q. What was your employ?
Hambleton. I was sometimes porter, and sometimes employed in the mill.
Q. What was this man's character, during the time he was there?
Hambleton. I never heard any thing ill of him in my life till this.
Q. Did the woman pay ready money for the glasses?
Hambleton. She did, and was always drawing us in for more as fast as she could.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hambleton 
               



            . I am wife to the other witness; there were glasses brought several times from Mr. Windle's to our house. The prisoner had the key of our door to let himself in, and he brought the two last baskets to our house himself in the night.
Q. When was this?
E. Hambleton. I do not know the exact time, but it was in November; he had been in gaol on suspic ion before that, but nothing being found against him, he was discharged. After he had brought them, he gave Mrs. Hart an account of them, and she came in the morning and fetched them away.
Q. Did you ever see any money paid?
E. Hambleton. No, I did not.
Mr. Windle. The glass manufactory belongs to Mr. Quinton and myself.
Prisoner's Defence.
Hambleton gave me the key of his house and of the warehouse, to take and bring them to him, and he received the money for them.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


