






346, 347. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kelsey 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Wright 
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 10 yards of callico wrapper, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Waradle 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said Daniel
            , July 23
. +


                  Mary 
                  Waradle 
               



            . I am wife to Daniel. I keep a haberdasher's shop in Chandlers Street, Grosvenor-Square


. On the 23d of July the two prisoners and another man came into our shop, a little after eight in the morning. Wright ask'd me if I had got any coarse handkerchiefs to sell, while Kelsey turned out at the door with a bundle the very instant. I pushed by him, and ran to the door; and said, that man had taken goods out of my shop.
The other followed me to the door, and said, what man? I said, that man; and pointed to him. They left me at my door and went to him; and all 3 ran together. I turned into the shop to see what I had missed; and I missed some callico wrapper. My husband was in the back room. He followed them. I know nothing more, only that the goods are here, and my property.


                  Daniel 
                  Waradle 
               



            . I was in the back parlour when these people came in; but I did not see them. My wife told me they had rob'd us of some callico-wrapper. I pursued, and at the end of North-Audley-Street I was directed to three men; two in red, and one in light colour cloaths. They ran, and I ran. I called stop thief. They made a stop in the field, and he in the light colour'd cloaths turn'd on the right. I pursued the prisoners, and took hold of Kelsey's collar (He had this hanger in his hand; producing one.) The other took hold of my hand. Kelsey drew the hanger out. I catch'd hold on some part of the hilt, secured it and them and carried them to the Red-Lion. There went the landlord and others to see for the other person as I directed them; and they returned, and brought this wrapper (here produced ) which they said they found in a ditch.
Prosecutrix. These are the goods which were taken out of my shop that day. Or the three men, two of them were soldiers, the other in light colour'd cloaths.
Waradle. I took them before justice Fielding. There they were examined, and he committed them. Going to gaol the two prisoners told me, the other person was a recruit which got away.
Q. Did they run all together far?
Waradle. I believe they ran better than half a quarter of a mile together.


                  Ann 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I sat in my room in little Queen-Street, and saw three men, two in soldiers cloaths, and one in a light colour'd coat, run by my window. The first soldier drop'd something white, and he stoop'd and pick'd it up; but whether it was paper or linen, I know not. Then the people came after in a hue and cry; and I told them which way they went.
Kelsey's defence.
I never was in the shop at all. I gave a young fellow a shilling to serve his majesty king George. He wanted a handkerchief. They went in to buy him one, and came out directly. The woman came making a crying, and said they had taken some of her things. She said, she would hang us right or wrong.

Wright's defence.
I went in with the recruit to buy him a handkerchief; and there was nobody in the shop. I knock'd with my foot. Then the woman came and ran against me; and then out of doors. She saw the prisoner go by the shop window, and said, that man has got some of my goods. I said, not that man I am sure; because he has not been in. I said, I'd go and see if he had any thing. I went, and he had nothing. The occasion of our running in the field was, we were running a race for a tankard of beer; and the recruit ran away from us.
Both 


               guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


