





215. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Turner 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one brass pot, value 12 d. one pewter dish, value 12 d. five pewter plates, one copper stew-pan, two flat-irons, one brass candlestick, one linnen sheet, one pair of linnen pillowbiers, one copper saucepan, one copper pot, one copper coffee-pot, and one brass ladle, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christiana 
                           Wright 
                        



                      
                  , widow
; one linnen shift, one linnen petticoat, and one linnen cap
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christiana 
                     Barnes 
                  



                
            , widow
, June 21
. +


                  Christiana 
                  Wright 
               



            . I live in Wild-Passage, in Great-Wild-street


, and am an house-keeper
; the prisoner was a servant
 to a gentlewoman that took a ready furnish'd lodging of me; after missing the goods I suspected her, and took her up, and charged her with taking them; she own'd she had taken them, and went with us to the Pawnbroker's, and call'd for them down, there they were produced.
Q. When did you miss them?
C. Wright. I miss'd some in March last; (a sheet, two pillowbiers, three handkerchiefs, a coffee-pot, and two pewter plates, produc'd in court) these are my property.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Tucker 
               



            . I am a Pawnbroker, and live in Drury-lane; the prisoner brought these things to me at different times; and said, her mistress sent her with them; and many other things she brought which I have not brought here, they being too cumbersome.
Q. Where did she say her mistress lived?
Tucker. She told me her mistress lived at Mrs Salter's.
Wright. The prisoner's mistress lived at that time at my house, and not at Mrs Salter's.
Tucker. Mrs. Wright has seen all the other things that are at my house, and knows them to be her property.


                  William 
                  Knight 
               



            . (He produc'd a linnen shift, a linnen petticoat, and a cap) The prisoner at the bar brought these and pawn'd them to me; some in the month of May and some in June.
Q. Where do you live?
Knight. I live with Mr. Barret, Hollis-street, Clare-market.
Q. Where did the prisoner say she lived?
Knight. She told me she lived in Duke-street, at a Bookseller's.


                  Christiana 
                  Barnes 
               



            . The shift, petticoat, and cap are mine.
Knight. The prisoner also pawn'd a flat-iron, and three pewter plates to me. Producing them.

Wright. These are my property.
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


