





225. (L. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Gascayne  , otherwise 
Conner




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one double laced handkerchief, value 5 s. one cap, value 4 s. one soosey handkerchief, value 12 d. two yards and a half of silk ribbon, one pair of pattens, and one pewter plate
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Martin 
                  




                
            , April 25
.


                  Mary 
                  Martin 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Francis 
                  Martin 
               



            . On Monday the 25th of April the prisoner ask'd me leave to let her go up stairs to put on her shift, saying her washerwoman had disappointed her, in not bringing it home sooner; and as she had behaved very well before, I let her go up.
Q. What is the prisoner?
M. Martin. My husband is a pastry-cook
, and she sold goods about for us. She went out between one and two o'clock, and came back just as I had dined. One 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cockbourn 
               



             went out with her after that, with what we call night goods, who told me when they came home that she saw something stick out of the prisoner's pocket apron, which appear'd like my handkerchief. Then I looked, and missed two handkerchiefs, a cap, two yards and a half of silk ribbon, a pair of pattens, and a pewter plate. I charged her with taking them.
Q. Where were these things taken from?
M. Martin. The cap and ribbon, and one handkerchief, were taken out of a trunk in the same room she went into to shift herself. I found the trunk lock'd as I had left it. The soosey handkerchief was lying on the table or the bed in the same room, but the pewter plate and pattens were taken from below stairs. I took her before the alderman, and she own'd she had taken them, but that it was with a design to put them in their places again, and that she had pawn'd the handkerchief in Shoe-lane, (the goods produced, and deposed to.) She said before the alderman, that she took the things out of the trunk with a knife, and did not open the lock, but that was impossible.
Q. What did she say about the other things ?
M. Martin. She did not say any thing at all about them. The soosey handkerchief was found by her direction at the pawnbroker's, and the cap was found out by a person that said he knew where she used to pawn things of her own.


                  James 
                  Adshead 
               



            . I am a pastry-cook. I went to the pawnbroker to get the cap out.
Q. How came you to go ?
Adshead. Because the prisoner had told Mrs. Martin she had some goods in pawn, and would be glad if she would send her some money to fetch them out; and when the handkerchief was found upon her Mrs. Martin desired me to go to that pawnbroker's where I had been once before, and see if the laced cap was there which she had lost. I went and found the laced cap pawn'd there, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Williams 
               



            , and brought it to Mrs. Martin.
Q. What was it pawn'd for?
Adshead. For two shillings.

Q. What name were the other things pawn'd in there ?
Adshead. They were pawn'd in the name of Mary Williams. Then we went before the sitting alderman, where she said she took the cap and handkerchief in order to go to an Irish wake with, and she intended to put them into their places again.


                  George 
                  Pool 
               



            . Mr. Martin sent for me, and said he had been rob'd of such and such things.
Q. Are you a constable ?
Pool. I am a publican; he said the prisoner was in the compter, and desired me to go with his wife and her before Mr. alderman Alexander. When we came there the things were produced, and the alderman bound her and I over to prosecute. I went to the pawnbroker's and found the handkerchief pawn'd in the prisoner's own name.
Q. Did the prisoner confess any thing before the alderman?
Pool. I heard her confess she took the things there.
Q. Was the handkerchief produced there?
Pool. No, it was not; I fetch'd that afterwards.
Q. How could she confess she took that identical handkerchief?
Pool. It was her own voluntary act; she own'd she took the handkerchief from Mrs. Martin's house, and pawn'd it where I went and found this.
Q. Can you swear this is the handkerchief ?
Pool. I don't pretend to that.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going out that day, and Mrs. Martin lent me these things, and bid me not to let her husband know of it; I came home and fell asleep, and Mrs. Martin came and searched my pocket apron, and found the handkerchief.
Q. to Mrs. Martin. Did you lend the prisoner these things?
Mrs. Martin. No, I did not; as to the soosey handkerchief, till she own'd it before the justice, I did not miss it.
Q. Where is your husband ?
Mrs. Martin. He is a prisoner in the Fleet
, and can't attend here.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


