





179. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Chamey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dyer 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , February 26
. ++


                  John 
                  Dyer 
               



            . Last Tuesday, about a quarter before eight at night, I was at the corner of Bucklersbury


, I felt a man's hand at my pocket, and catched hold of it with my handkerchief in it. It was the prisoner at the bar; and his companions, on his being detected, immediately ran away. I secured him, and carried him to the Mansion-house, where he fell on his knees and begged for mercy.


                  Robert 
                  Flitter 
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Hall in Cornhill, and as I was going up the Poultry, at the upper end, near Bucklersbury, I saw the prisoner's hand in Mr. Dyer's pocket, and saw him cure him with the handkerchief in his hand, [the handkerchief produced in court] this is the very handkerchief.
Prosecutor. There is my name on the handkerchief.
For the Prisoner.


                  Elias 
                  Cherry 
               



            . I am uncle to the prisoner, and have known him a great while, he has attended his father as porter to several waggons till within these three weeks, and he has behaved exceeding well.


                  Joseph 
                  Morris 
               



            . He is indicted by the name of Chainey, but his name is Cherry, I have known him from his cradle, and never knew him suspected of the least dishonesty, or heard any thing amiss of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Edey 
               



            , I have known him twelve or fourteen years, and never heard any harm of him.


                  John 
                  Parnhill 
               



            . I have known him eight or ten weeks, have trusted him with money, and he never wronged me of any thing.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


