





226. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jones 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve pair of chrystal stone buttons, set in silver, val. 24 s.
             the property 
               
                  John
                   of Courtney
               




June 17
. ++


                  John 
                  Courtney 
               



            . I live in Fleet-street


, and am a razor-grinder and cuttler
. Last Saturday was se'nnight, a young man came in and said, Mr. Courtney, there is a young lad has taken something out of your shew-glass: I asked him which way he saw him go, he said, he was ran up Shoe-lane. I pursued and found the boy at the bar up a passage belonging to the Globe tavern, I took him into the back part of my shop, and ordered my people to take care of him. I found there were missing a card with twelve pair of sleeve buttons, set with Bristol-stones. While I was gone, the boy found means to convey this card of buttons down a crack about an inch wide into a sink, where by searching we found them. I got a constable, and took him to the Fountain tavern, there he confessed he opened the shew-glass, and took them out. I took him before Mr. Alderman Alexander, there he confessed the same, and begged the alderman would send him to sea. (The buttons produced and deposed to.)
Q. Where were these kept?
Courtney. They were kept in the shew-glass in the street.


                  Henry 
                  Carrington 
               



            . I was standing at my master's door, and saw the prisoner lift up one corner of the shew-glass, and put his hand into it; I informed Mr. Courtney of it, and was along with him, when he ran after him.
Q. Did you hear the prisoner confess as Mr. Courtney has mentioned?
Carrington. I did.
Prisoner's defence.
I never opened the glass case.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


