





82. (M.) 
               
                  Mary, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Laws 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen sheet, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Martin 
                  




                
            , Dec. 26
. ||


                  Thomas 
                  Martin 
               



            . I live in Grub-street


; I am a Victualler
; on the 26th of December, about eleven at night, I went to bed; I had not been there much above a minute, but my wife came and told me the maid had found a woman's shoe in the Club-room, and that she missed a sheet; I bid her take care of the shoe and say nothing about it, and I would see about it on the morrow; she told me she thought the prisoner was the person, for she saw her come down stairs.
Q. Was she a servant to you?
Martin. No: she was not, she was a customer to us.
Q. What is she?
Martin. Her husband is a shoe-maker; she came in the next day, my wife ask'd her what she went up stairs for; she said she was not up stairs; I ask'd her to let me look at her foot; I did and saw she had one shoe with a string in it, and the other with a buckle; I said I believe I can match the shoe with such a buckle in it; I found the buckle in the shoe found in the Club-room, matched the buckle she had on; and the two sho es matched also; then I told her I had lost a sheet, and she had better tell me where it was, or I should send her to Bridewell; she acknowledged she took the sheet, and had pawn'd it for two shillings, and had not money enough to fetch it out; I kept her in my kitchen; the next day her husband and sister came and said, they were very sorry this should happen; but one of them said if I would be favourable to her, one of them would be a shilling towards fetching the sheet again; I made them no promise; but said, if they would fetch it again they might; as far as I could find the prisoner never knew where it was pawn'd, for she sent another woman to pawn it; she was committed, and in three days after her husband came and brought the sheet to me; produced in court.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Martin 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner come down our stairs that night between ten and eleven o'clock; she had use to come to our house.
Q. Did she use to visit any people above stairs?
Eliz. Martin. No: my maid was going to bed; she came down and told me there was a sheet taken from off her bed; the night after the prisoner came to our house; I ask'd her what she was doing up stairs the night before; she said she had not been up; I said she had, and had left a shoe behind her; we looked and found she had got two odd shoes on; one of them and the buckle, were fellows to that and the buckle that was left in our Club-room; then she own'd she had taken and pawn'd the sheet, but would not say where; but said she had given it to an aunt to pawn.
Q. Look at this sheet ?
Eliz. Martin. This is the sheet that was brought by the prisoner's husband; here is no mark upon it; I can't swear that it is the same that I lost.


                  Mary 
                  Swanston 
               



            . I was in the prosecutor's kitchen when the prisoner was charged with taking the sheet; she would not confess a good while, but at last I heard her confess she took it, and gave it to her aunt to pawn; I was also by before the Justice and heard her confess the same there.
The prisoner did not say any thing in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


