





283. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Diana 
                     Peirson 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               that she on the 1st of July
, about the hour of one in the night of the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Thomas 
                        




                      
                   feloniously and burglariously did break and enter and one cloth cardinal, value 6 s. one diaper tablecloth, two linen window curtains, one linen shirt, two linen aprons, one linen handkerchief, two quart pewter pots, and three pounds weight of cheese, in the dwelling house did steal
            , &c.


                  James 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I fasten'd my doors on Friday night the 1st of July, between eleven and twelve o'clock; the fore door has a lock that goes with a spring, and the back door fastens with two bolts; I was the first up next morning, between four and five. I found the casement open in the yard, where was a shutter that open'd on the outside, which was fasten'd the over night by a pin that goes through the shutter, and keys on the inside. The first things that I missed were two window curtains, blue and white linen. I looked about and missed several things, two quart pewter pots, a scarlet cloth cardinal, a shirt, three tablecloths, and an apron. The prisoner was stop'd the next morning about nine o'clock, and I was sent for. The goods produced in court, and deposed to.
Q. Do you keep a publick house?
Thomas. I do I went to her in New-Prison, and ask'd her how she came by these things. She said she had them of a woman between Islington and London.


                  Hannah 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. I saw the window shutter fasten'd before I went to bed, and when I got up I missed several things.
Q. Look at the goods here produced, do you know any of them?
H. Thomas. They are our property.


                  John 
                  Fell 
               



            . On Saturday the 2d of July the prisoner offered this tablecloth to me to sell. She had got a bundle, in which I perceived a scarlet cardinal. I ask'd her what she had got there. She said, it was nothing to me. I said I would see. I took it from her, and ask'd her if it was her own. She said yes, it was left her by her aunt, who liv'd about two miles beyond Sturbich. I said, you seem to be a hay-maker, and it is odd to carry such things about you. Then I saw the two quart pots with the name taken out, and said there is something more in it than this, there must be some house broke open and rob'd.
Q. to prosecutor. How do you know the pots to be your's ?
Prosecutor. My name is out, but there is the man's name that I bought them of.
Fell. I told her she must go with me before justice Welch. When she came there she said a woman had given them to her upon the road. Mr. Welch ask'd her where she work'd last. She said with Mr. Hutchins on the King's road. Mr. Welch told her he believed she told him a lye, and that there must be somebody concerned with her; but she would not confess any thing, only said, she was to give the woman the money they fetch'd that delivered them to her. Then he committed her to New-Prison for farther examination, and desired I would advertise the things, which I did, and about nine on Monday morning, Mr. Thomas and another gentleman came to see the things, and owned them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I carried these things for a woman almost a hundred miles. I came with her out of the country. She ask'd me to sell that tablecloth for her, and to meet her in Smithfield, and she was to come to me; she went to the hospital, where she said she had a little girl.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


