





223. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ridgway 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three pounds weight of Chocolate, value 12 s. and six pounds weight of Tea, value 25 s.
             the property of Mess. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Thornhill 
                  



                
            , June  15
. ++


                  John 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I live in St Paul's Church-yard, Mr 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Thornhill 
               



             is my partner: we are Grocers

. The prisoner at the bar was my weekly servant
, and had been for three or four years. I had no suspicion of his robbing me; but the landlord of the house where he lodged, came and told me he led a very irregular life, and he had reason to believe he had robbed me, for that he had seen tea littered about his box in his lodgings. I went to his lodgings before I spoke to him, to see if I could make any discovery; there I saw his box, in which was a crack in the bottom, I shook it, and there came out some loose tea. Then I went home and taxed him with it, and told him, what information I had had against him. I told him, I insisted upon searching his lodgings; he hesitated a little. I then asked him, if he ever had taken any tea from me? he said, he believed a little matter, a quarter of a pound, or so. I said, have you never taken chocolate? to which he made much the same answer. I said, for your own character, as well as my satisfaction, I shall insist upon searching your lodgings. He went with me, but did not care for opening the box. He said he had lost the key. Then I said, I would get a warrant and have it broke open. Then he took the hinges off the box; there we found three pounds of chocolate, and five or six pounds of tea, in different parcels; and some sugar, in different parcels. The sugar I can't swear to. The chocolate is marked with the two initial letters of our names, W. T. I took the prisoner before a magistrate, and he committed him to Newgate. His lodgings being out of the city I took him before Mr Welch.
Q. Did the prisoner confess any thing?
Wilson. He owned at his lodgings, before me and two others, that he had taken the things mentioned.


                  Robert 
                  Young 
               



            . I am constable, I had the prisoner in custody. He confessed in my hearing, that the goods found in his box were Mr Wilson's property.
Q. Who was by at the time?
Young. Mr Gosling, and another servant of Mr Wilson's.


                  James 
                  Gosling 
               



            . I was present at the opening of the box. The prisoner was my lodger.
Q. Did you hear him confess any thing?
Gosling. I did not hear him say any thing. He sat down in a confused manner on the bed. He might confess, and I not give attention to it.
The prisoner had nothing to say in his defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


