






508. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sacker 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 2 pair of silver buckles, val. 9 s. 1 cotton waistcoat, val. 9 s. 1 swanskin waistcoat, val. 2 s. 1 pair of shoes, and 1 Perriwig
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Curtis 
                  



                
            , Sept. 25

. +


                  Geo 
                  Curtis 
               



            . I am a waterman and lighterman
. On the 27th of Sept. in the evening about nine o'clock, I went on shore at St. Cathnrine's, I returned to my cabin about half an hour after five the next morning, then I missed the things mentioned in the indictment. After that a butcher-boy told me he had seen the prisoner with a pair of buckles to sell. When he was taken he told me he had sold the buckles to Mr. Harding in the Minories; I went to the place with him. Harding told me he bought a pair of buckles of him for 9 s. and shewed me the chapes; from thence he took me to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Rotery 
               



            , a cloaths man in Church-lane, that man owned he had bought the waistcoats for 3 s. and had sold them again; then he took me over the way to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Murray 
               



             that keeps a shoemaker and barber's shop in a cellar, where he said he sold the wig for 2 s. I took him before justice Scot, there he confessed that he took every thing mentioned out of my cabin.


                  John 
                  Blackerby 
               



            . Mr. Curtis had ordered me to secure the prisoner if I could see him; I took him in custody on the 28th of Sept. about 12 at night, and sent for Mr. Curtis, after which he owned he took the things mentioned, and told where they were sold, and he went to all the places with us.
Prisoner's defence.
I was in company one evening pretty late at a club; I staid till between 11 and 12; I made the best of my way home; my landlord not being up, I thought rather than lie in the street to go into the shop where I work; I went there and took up a bundle in which were a wig and a pair of shoes, out of which tumbled a pair of buckles. I thought I had found a good find, the next day I went and told them. I thought no harm at all, two or three days after I was over-against the watch-house at St. Catharine's, the watchman came and took me by the collar, and said I was his prisoner, and ask'd me if I knew of such and such things? I said yes, but I did not own I stole them.
Blackerbey. He said to me he took them out of Mr. Curtis's barge.



               Guilty
            .
He was a second time indicted by the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            , for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        Zac 
                        Blacketer 
                     



                   , in the dwelling-house
             of the said Zac. Sept. 8

. + .
Zac. Blacketer. I am a Cheesemonger
 in East Smithfield. The prisoner took a lodging in my house, ready furnished; he went for a cooper. On the 6th of Sept. the first night he lay there, he burnt out a whole candle; the next day he came in about 12 o'clock at night and lay on bed till 12 the next day, which was Sunday; he got up and went out, and came in about half an hour after 6 in the evening, and said he'd go lie down for half an hour, and then he'd go and see his mother; he told me she was a tallow-chandler near London-stone; he went up about 5 or 6 minutes, he came down, and at going out, said he had ordered a man with his chest of cloaths, and bid me take care of them; I went up stairs in about three quarters of an hour and missed my watch which was hanging up in my room before, and the door was left open; then I suspected, as I had lost my watch I had also lost my lodger. I saw it in the room about half an hour after five, and missed it about half an hour after seven; I went to inquire for his mother, but from one end of Canon-street to the other, I could not find such a name. On Sunday the 5th of Sept. I was informed the watch was pawn'd in Ratcliff high-way. I went to the Sun-tavern and sent the drawer to the pawn-broker to know if the watch was there that was pawn'd the last Sunday-night, by 
               
                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            , I had word brought it was, but no one would have it deliver'd to them but the person that brought it: after that I went to the house and told the man the watch was mine, and said it was stole from me, and bid him deliver it to no body upon his peril, till I came for it. On the Monday morning I and another man went to take the watch out; then the pawnbroker denied it, and said it was deliver'd unknown to him, and scratch'd out of his book, and I might do my worst. I desir'd him to show me his book to see if it was delivered; he said I nor no man in England should see his book. On the Michaelmas day after I was out of town, and came home about 10 o'clock at night. Somebody had been to let me know the prisoner was taken, and was in St. Catharine's Watch house; I went there, and asked him what he had done with my watch? he owned he had took it, and said he had pawned it at Mr. Leach's for half a guinea. I said, you have redeemed it; he said he had not; the pawnbroker was subpaenied to be here and he has not appeared.
James Apleby. I live at the Sun tavern, Shadwell. On a Sunday night the prisoner came into our house and had a halfpennyworth of gin and a pint of beer. He pulled out a watch, the glass was broke and he had lost the two hands; he wanted to know where one Mr. Valentine lived, to have a glass put in: we were coming back; he said he wished he knew who would let him have some money upon it, and asked me if my master would lend him some on it? my master was in another room; I called him out and asked him; he said he did not chuse it, but sent me with him to Mr. Leach the pawnbroker; there was the servant man in the shop; he pulled off the outside case and the pendant came out; he looked upon the works; the prisoner said that watch kept as good time as any watch in England. He wanted 12 s. on it, the man let him have half a guinea. He put down Smith in the book, I did not hear the christian name. The prisoner went back and lay at our house that night, On the Sunday following the prosecutor came to our house and enquired about it, and I went to the pawnbroker's and asked him if that watch, that was put in last Sunday night, was gone? he said no.


                  John 
                  Blackerby 
               



            . After I had taken the prisoner I heard him confess to the prosecutor he had taken the watch out of his house, and went and pawned it; I went with him to the pawnbroker's; he asked for the watch he pawned for half a guinea; the woman went up stairs, as we believed, to fetch it; presently came down her husband, and said, what do you want here? the prosecutor asked for the watch pawned there for half a guinea such a day; he looked at him, and said, I have it not. The officer said, you had it of this man ( meaning the prisoner) and it is stole. He said, I know nothing of it, you may get it as you can. The prisoner pointed, and said, you put it in that drawer when you had it of me.
Prisoner's defence.
I happened to be at the Sun tavern at Shadwell, with 2 or 3 men; one of them said he was short of money, and desired me to carry his watch to pawn; I said I knew no pawnbroker, but I would take the lad of the house; he bid me not tell whose it was; so I carried it to the pawnbroker's, and had half a guinea upon it in the name of 
               
                  Wm 
                  Smith 
               



            ; and the pawnbroker said that 
               
                  Wm 
                  Smith 
               



             fetched it out the next day.




               Guilty 10 s. 6 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


