






5. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Riley 
                  , otherwise 
Bulger




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one linen gown, value 15 s. four linen  shirts, value 6 s. one linen shift, one neckcloth, one linen cap
            : the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Highton 
                  




                
            , Oct. 16
. +.


                  James 
                  Highton 
               



            . I saw the prisoner come out of my house with a bundle in her apron, on the sixteenth of October, about four o'clock. I went to the door and found it broke open. I pursued her through some all near where I live, she ran into a man shop, and dropped the things mentioned. ( Produced in court and deposed to) She went into the yard, I took hold on her, she asked me if I wanted to rob her? I said I'd let her know she had robbed me.


                  John 
                  Bryan 
               



            . The Street was full of people, the prisoner came running into my shop, and dropped he but down by the counter and went into my yard, the prosecutor followed and took her, he was within two yards of her I believe, when she came in.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am headborough of the parish of St. Gyles's. The prosecutor brought the prisoner to my house, and a woman brought the bundle, I have had them in my custody ever since.
Prisoner's Defence.
I happened to go into this house to enquire for a chair-woman, and to have a half-pennyworth of small beer. Then I went backward to make water. The man came and took hold on me. I asked him what he wanted with me. He called me several bitches, and asked me what I had in my apron. I had nothing there. Then he had me away to the headborough's house.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


