





10. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Jones 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 21 pair of thread stockings, val. 4 s. and 4 pair of cotton ditto
            , the goods of 
               

                        William 
                        Wooley 
                     




                   and Co.




Nov. 4
.* 
Mr. Edlington. The prisoner at the bar served us in the capacity of a porter
, during which time we had much reason to suspect his fidelity; in the month of May he left us, and after he was gone, Mr. Wooley, my father, refused him his box, saying he would see the inside of it before it went away; he said he had not got the key about him at this and the other time when he came, but he would bring it. This past on for 4 months. Mr. Wooley was disatisfied, so he went to my Lord-mayor, and got a warrant and broke it open, and in it we found 21 pair of thread stockings, and 4 pair of cotton ones, and sundry other things, our property.
Q. Who are your partners?
Edlington. Wooley and Hopkins.
Q. Are you certain as to the goods?
Edlington. I am, they were of our own manufacturing.

Q. When was the box broke open ?
Edlington. On the 4th of November.


                  James 
                  Compton 
               



            . I was sent for about the begining of November last to Mr. Wooley's in Cheapside; there was a search warrant given to me, and I was order'd to break a box open, which they said belong'd to the prisoner; I broke it open, and found in it these stockings ( producing 25 pair ) a pair of muffatees and a piece for breeches. After that I went and took the prisoner, and carried him before my Lord-mayor, and he was committed.
Q. What did he say for himself ?
Compton. He said he was very sorry, and if his master would forgive him, he'd never do the like again; it was the first time he ever did so.
Prisoner's Defence.
The box lying in that house, some body might have a spite against me, and put them in; I never put such things in.
For the Prisoner.
Mr. Townsend. My master Mr. Butler wanting a footman, the prisoner came to offer himself as such. I lik'd the appearance of the lad very well, and hired him for a footman (all but his character.) I went to Mr. Wooley's house for his character; one of the partners in the shop gave me a very good one of him. I asked the man in the shop if he thought him an honest man, who replied he was. I hired him, and he lived with us from the 26th of May to the 12th of Nov following, during which time he justly fulfill'd his trust. I have twice sent him out to change bank notes, one a 20 l. and the other a 30 l. he brought the change to me; once I sent him with our plate to the silversmith to have it weigh'd, when the plate act commenced; he brought it safe. During the time he lived with us, we don't know we lost the value of a halfpenny in any thing. He behav'd very well. Part of the time he was with us we were in the country at my lord Arran's, where was a great quantity of plate; we lost nothing there.
John Hall. I was with the prisoner at my lord Arran's in the country, where was great quantity of liquor; he behav'd with a great deal of sobriety and order. I do not remember I ever heard him swear an oath, he gain'd the esteem of every person for a sober diligent servant, I believe no body, during that time, either heard him swear or saw him in liquor.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


