





611. 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Vizey 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cox 
                        




                     
                  , and stealing out thence three shirts, one shift, one linen handkerchief
            , the goods of the said Thomas, July 13
.
Guilty 10.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Cox 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. We live in the Broad-way, Westminster


. I went to bed on Saturday night betwixt nine and ten o'clock, about six the next morning I got up; the window was broken, and the things mentioned in the indictment were gone, which before were lying in the window. I had not fastened the shutter overnight.
Q. Was this a front window?
E. Cox. It was in a publick back yard. She took the opportunity to change her shift, and left an old dirty rag of a shift in the yard. She had liv'd in the yard some time before. She was but that night come from out of trouble. The old shift was known to be the prisoner's, by a little girl who used to lye with her. A neighbour informed me, about ten o'clock at night, she saw the prisoner sitting at the corner of Queen's-square, at a gentleman's door. I went and ask'd her to let me see what sort of a shift she had on, and took her by the arm, and carried her into a neighbour's house, and I described the shift to my neighbour before I searched the prisoner. I found it to be my shift. She was carried to the Round-house, there she pull'd mine off and put her rag on again. It was produced in court, and she swore to it.

Prisoner's defence.
I bought that shift in King-street, Westminster. There was cloth enough to make two; the other I have now on my back. The two cost six shillings, and she took that shift from my back.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


