





294. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Oliver 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of a person unknown. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Mason 
               



            . I live upon London-bridge: I was standing to see my Lord-mayor go to St. Bride's; there I saw the prisoner put his hand in a man's pocket on the left hand side and take this handkerchief out.
Q. When, and where was this?
Mason. On Easter Tuesday, just by the corner of Walbrook


, I took hold of the prisoner, and took the handkerchief from him; the prosecutor gave his word to appear the next day, but he has not appeared.
Q. Where was the prisoner when you laid hold on him?
Mason. He was gone about five or six yards, and was putting the handkerchief into his breeches when I took hold of him (the handkerchief produced in court) the prosecutor owned the handkerchief to be his property before me and the constable.


                  Henry 
                  Barber 
               



            . There was a person that owned this handkerchief, a poor man.
Prisoner's Defence.
Going along I kicked something before me, which happened to be this handkerchief, and I picked it up.
To his Character.


                  Mary 
                  Andrey 
               



            . I have known the prisoner six years, he is a cobler by trade, I am a washerwoman and he fetches clothes for me; - a handkerchief or cap of half a guinea price he might steal, but I never found him wrong us of a pin's point.


                  Ralph 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I am a watch-finisher, and live in Fleet-lane. I have known the prisoner five or six years, he bears the character of a very honest young fellow, as far as ever I heard; I have trusted him with things of great value, watches both silver and gold, and he never wronged me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


