






451, 452. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Plowman 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     How 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing three ducks, val. 3 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Ponsford 
                        



                      
                   ; and one drake, val. 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Harrison 
                  



                
            , Aug. 27
.
Susannah wife to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Ponsford 
               



            , and 
               
                  Walter 
                  Harrison 
               



            , deposed, they had lost the ducks and drake August the 27th, as mentioned in the indictment.


                  Walter 
                  Holmes 
               



             deposed, he saw the two prisoners lying in a gravel pit, with two bags by them; he suspected they had been cutting off the manes of horses, having before lost some, and questioned them what they had in their bags. That How got up with a stone in each hand, and answered, if they had stolen any thing, they had got nothing of his; in the mean time the ducks quack'd in one of the bags. They took each a bag, and went on to Tyburn Road, and he followed them. Then How flung down the bag with the ducks; he secured it.
The three ducks and drake appeared in court, and without variation or hesitation gave evidence against the two prisoners, as they had done before when in confinement in the gravel pit; after which their respective owners deposed to them as their property.
The prisoners in their defence said, they found them in a bag lying under a hedge , and a bag with bottles in it lying by them.
Holmes , in answer to that, said, that before the Justice How said he had been to his wife's mother, and she gave them to him.
How called four people, who gave him a good character; and Plowman one, who said he had a good character, but could give no account of him for six years last past.
Both 


               guilty 10 d
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


