





517. (M.)


                  David 
                  Bloom 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing thirteen jackets, value 2 l. 16 s. four cotton jackets, three pair of woollen everlasting breeches, one linen waistcoat, twenty-eight pair of worsted stockings, one pair of silk stockings, one linen apron, and one worsted cap; amounting in the whole to the value of 8 l. and upwards
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Monsantoe 
                  




                
            , August 27
. ++.


                  Margaret 
                  Monsantoe 
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Monsantoe 
               



            , who is now abroad. We live in King-street, Rotherhith


, and keep a slop shop
. The prisoner was a lodger
 at my house, who went away, betwixt the 27th and 28th of August last, leaving all his own clothes on my counter, and took with him all the things mentioned in the indictment.
Q. How do you know that?
M. Monsantoe. Because he was taken again with a cotton shirt, a pair of stockings, a cap, a waistcoat, a jacket, and a pair of everlasting breeches on, part of the goods, and the rest in a bundle. [Produced in court, and deposed to.] He also confessed it, and said he was sorry for what he had done.


                  George 
                  Widerman 
               



            . I live by Whitechapel field gate. The prisoner came to my house on the 28th of August in the morning, and asked for some beer ; he had got a bundle with him. The people asked him many questions how he came by the things, &c. upon which he opened his bundle, and said he had the goods from on board a ship. I went for a constable, but we could not prove any thing against him, then the prisoner sold some of the things in the publick room. He was a second time taken up, and had before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gore 
               



            , and sent to Clerkenwell-Bridewell; and the prosecutrix having advertised the goods, we found her. [The goods produced in court, and deposed by the prosecutrix to be her husband's property.]



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


