





206. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fagen 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four saws, val. 20 s. one iron cramp, and one iron holdfast, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Seyden 
                        



                      
                  ; and one iron cramp
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Frances 
                  



                
            , April 13
. ++.


                  George 
                  Seyden 
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker
, and lost a hand saw, a pannel saw, a short cramp, and a holdfast, on Saturday the 13th of April. The prisoner was a servant
 of mine, and one of my men had a long cramp, which was likewise missing on the Monday morning; and the prisoner not coming to work, this gave us some suspicion of him. On Tuesday, at nine at night, they were lying in wait for him, at which time he came up into my workshop; the dog barked, from which my servants had intelligence; they went and took him, and brought him to me. He immediately owned the taking the long cramp and sash saw. We took him before the Alderman at Guildhall, where he said he was afraid of being arrested, and he did it to make up a little money. He owned he pawned them, and confessed the taking one other saw, and no more. We went to the pawnbroker's where he directed us, and found them; we have since found the great cramp which he would not confess.
Prisoner's Defence.
I don't deny taking what I confessed, being afraid of an arrest, which was the cause of my taking them.
Q. to the prosecutor. How has he behaved before this ?
Prosecutor. I never heard any thing ill of him before this. He has two children, and if he had asked me for money to support them I would have let him have it.
Q. What are the two saws worth that are found again?
Prosecutor. They are worth 15 s.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


