





90. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Barnaby 
                     Gornly 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 40 pounds weight of pig-iron, value 3 s.
             the property of certain persons, to the jury unknown, Nov. 5
. +


                  Samuel 
                  Wood 
               



            . I have the care of a place call'd Iron-gate Wharf. On Wednesday was se'nnight I was acquainted by one of the clerks under me, that some people were going to duck a man in the river for stealing some iron. I sent word for them to desist from it, and said, I'd follow as fast as I could. When I came there, I saw the prisoner, with a rope about him, by the water-side up on his knees. I told him he need not be under any apprehension of being duck'd, and desired him to walk into the counting-house with me; where I asked him how he came by that iron, that he was going to be duck'd for Mr. Gardner, who is here to give evidence, told me he had seen the prisoner going along the street with some iron upon him, and detected him with it, thinking it to have been stolen, and he brought him back. I asked the prisoner where he got it. He without any hesitation said he found it upon the ground, just within the gate. I have been a great sufferer that way. I asked him if he had ever done so before. He said, no, never before that morning, and then he had taken a piece. I asked him where he had sold it. He agreed to go with me, and shew me the house where he had sold it. I went with him, and according to the description which he had given me of it, I saw it lying by the scale, and the weight in the scale that weighed it. I enquired the name of the master of the house, under a frivolous pretence; for my intent was to prosecute the receiver as well as the thief. When I had got the name, I took no notice then, but went and got a warrant to search the house. Then the constable, Mr. Gardner, and I went there. They staid at a distance till I went into the house, and as soon as I got sight of the man of the house I called them to me. Then I told the man my business was to know how he got that iron. He said he bought it of that man that was coming along (which was the prisoner.) I took them both to justice Rickards. He committed the prisoner, and made the other an evidence in the prosecution.
Q. Do you know who the iron belongs to?
Wood. I know it belongs to the wharf. It has a stamp upon it, which it receives in the mould when cast. These are small pieces, and therefore are wanting in that mark of distinction; but I am very certain it is iron belonging to those gentlemen who have property belonging to the wharf. The price which he had sold that for was not above one fifth of the real value of it. The man gave but a farthing a pound for it, and it is worth 7 l. 10 s. per ton, if we buy a ton together.
Q. How do you know that was the price the prisoner sold it for ?
Wood. The prisoner acknowledged to me he gave no more. I have charged it in the indictment but at the rate of a penny per pound, supposing there are about forty pounds weight of it; but I dare say there was a great deal more of it.


                  Christopher 
                  Gardner 
               



            . I was at the barber's last Wednesday was se'n-night, and sat full facing the window. I apprehended I saw the prisoner, in the morning, with some iron; but then I saw him with a rope tied round him, like a belt, and a wrapper in it, in order to wrap something up, and something he had got in it that seem'd very heavy. As he was going by the window he shifted it like. I said to the barber, be quick, I'll follow that fellow, I imagine he has got something from off the wharf. I followed him to St. Catharine's-Lane into East-Smithfield. I observed a great piece of pig iron stick out of his pocket as I walked behind him, that almost weigh'd him down on one side, and another piece in his wrapper. It being heavy he shifted it now and then. I stop'd him He beg'd for God's sake I would let him go, and said he'd down on his knees and ask my pardon. I carried him and the iron down to the wharf, and gave the clerks charge of him. I said to the prisoner, did not I see you go by once before to day. He said, yes, he had gone by that day once before.


                  Charles 
                  Culman 
               



            . Last Wednesday was se'n-night a girl, that was servant to me, bought this piece of iron of the prisoner. She told me there were four pounds of it. I sent him a penny for it. (The iron produced in court.)
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Culman. I never saw him before that time.
Q. Is that the usual price for such iron?
Culman. When we sell it to people again we sell it for 3 s. 6 d. per hundred weight. Mr. Wood came and asked me where my landlord lived, his name, what I rented, my name, and how I spelt it. I told him. Then he went away and came again with an officer with him, who told me he had a warrant against me, for buying stolen goods. There lay this piece of iron by the scale. They had the prisoner along with them, who said he sold it me; but my girl bought it of him. I did see the man, and that is all.


                  Mary 
                  Crane 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Culman, he and my mistress were both at dinner, when the prisoner brought this piece of iron (taking it in her hand) to sell, and I weigh'd it.
Q. What did it weigh?

M. Crane. It weigh'd four pounds. I went and told my master what it weigh'd; he gave me a penny to pay the prisoner for it, and I gave it him.
Prisoner's Defence.
A man saw that iron lying, and seeing me to be a poor man, he said to me, that will make you a penny; if you carry it to a house where they sell, rags, they will buy it. I carried it, and got a penny for it. I got but one penny in all.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


