





285. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Dunslow 
                  



               
            , Spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 20 s. one gold ring with one ruby, and two diamonds in the same, one pair of silver shoe buckles, a mother of pearl patch box
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Marshal 
                  




                
            , April 12
. *
Richard Marshal. The prisoner lived servant
 with me; on the 12th of this instant I had some business at Westminster, I went from home about 10 o'clock, I made haste home; then I found my room door burst open, I missed a silver watch, a small diamond ring with the rim gold, a mother of pearl patch box rim'd with silver, a pair of silver shoe buckles, the chases were iron, this was about twelve that night: my servant and son told me there was a man in bed with the maid in the kitchen, the kitchen is backwards where she used to lie; then I went to the watch-house for assistance, and Mr. Colgrave the constable of the night, and two watchmen came with me. I ordered my servant to knock at the kitchen door, and tell the prisoner we wanted some plates out of the kitchen; she opened the door and we burst in; I took the man in bed and charged the constable with him. I asked the girl some questions. When I got them to the watch-house, she would not give me any account of the things. I took her to a little place backwards in the watchhouse, then she said if I would discharge the man she would tell me where the things were. I went back with her home, she took me backwards, and in the necessary house she had wrapp'd the things mentioned up in rags, and tuck'd them in a hole under the stairs, which go up over the necessary.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say, 

               Guilty
            . ||
|| See No. 206, in the last Sessions paper.




[Transportation. See summary.]


