





229. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pint silver mug, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gibbs 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house
             of the said William, April 26
.* 
William Gibbs. I keep a public-house
; on the 26th of April the prisoner came to my house (he used to use my house sometimes); he asked what I had got for dinner? I told him a piece of salt beef, and apple-pye. He said he would dine with me, which he did, and staid till between six and seven at night. Then he went out to see for his wife; he came back again, and said she was a coming. He went into the kitchen, and called for six-penny-worth of rum and water; it was brought him in a silver pint mug, and I sat down by him; he put his stick up, and went to put the candle out, and said we did not need a candle, then I took the candle and put it out, and hung it up, and we had no other light than from a small fire. He drank to me, and I to him, till there was about three spoonfuls left. Then Mr. Morton came in, and asked for the prisoner. I went to speak to him, and in the mean time the prisoner went away. I did not see him go. I got up the next morning, but could not find the mug. I went immediately and took up the prisoner, and he confessed he had pawned the mug for three pounds, and said if I would lend him three guineas, he would give me a note for five guineas, to be paid in five or six months time, and I should have my mug again that night. He cried very much, but I would not lend it him. I took him before justice Welch and justice Fielding, and he was committed to New-prison. I went to him there, and desired him to let me have my mug again; he said, as before, if I would lend him three guineas, &c. which I did not then agree to.
Q. Did he say where he had pawned it?
Gibbs. No he did not.
Q. Have you seen it since?
Gibbs. No, I have not.
Q. When you went out to speak to Mr. Moreton, did you leave any body in that room with him?
Gibbs. No, I left him alone, and he had the mug with him then.
Q. from prisoner. Whether or no I had not three-penny-worth of rum in the afternoon?
Gibbs. I don't know that, any farther than hearing my maid say he had.
Q. from prisoner. During the time of the drinking the six-penny-worth of rum, whether or not his wife was not in that room, pouring out brandy or rum from a gallon pot, and her grandson by her?
Gibbs. There was no soul by but himself and me.
Q. from prisoner. Was my prosecutor right sober that night?
Gibbs. I was as sober as I am now.
Q. from prisoner. What time on the Sunday morning did you miss the mug?
Gibbs. About seven o'clock, when I arose first in the morning, and there had been no soul in that room after he was gone.
Q. from prisoner. What time did you go to bed on the Saturday-night?
Gibbs. I went to bed about ten o'clock.
Q. from prisoner. When you went down on Sunday-morning, did you find the kitchen-door locked?
Gibbs. It was, and the key hanging up, as usual, over the door.
Q. from prisoner. Whether I did not altogether deny that I owned any thing about it before the justice?
Gibbs. Before the justice he denied all; but he owned to me, in Jockey Smith's skittle-ground, that he had really pawned it for 3 l.
Q. from prisoner. Did not you send me word if I would pay you a golden guinea, and two shillings per week, you would not prosecute me.
Gibbs. No, I never did.


                  Mary 
                  Siborn 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; on the Saturday my master speaks of, between six and seven o'clock, the prisoner was drinking rum and water out of the silver pint mug; he gave it to me to drink, which I did, and then returned it to him again.
Q. Who was by at the time?
M. Siborn. There was no body by but me and the prisoner.
Q. In what room was it?
M. Siborn. In the kitchen; I went out into the tap-room, and when I came back again he had got the cupboard-door open; I asked him what he was looking at? he said he was looking at the lock of the cupboard-door.
Q. What was in the cupboard?
M. Siborn. There was a silver tankard and silver spoons.
Q. What time of the day was this?
M. Siborn. It was before Mr. Morton came in.
Q. What time was it when Mr. Morton came in?
M. Siborn. I believe it was betwixt six and seven o'clock.
Q. from prisoner. Whether or not there was any thing missing afterwards out of the cupboard?
M. Siborn. No, there was not.
Q. from prisoner. Do you remember any thing about putting out the candle, whether it was not about three or four o'clock in the afternoon?
M. Siborn. I did not see it put out.
Prosecutor. The candle was put out about nine o'clock.
Prisoner's defence.
I was at the prosecutor's house about one in the afternoon, he said to me, what is the matter, Wilson? I have not seen you a great while; I said, I had been much afflicted with the gout; he said, his wife wanted to talk with me about an affair; I said, where is she? he said, she was not at home, but would be soon; I said I would call in about an hour or two; then I asked him what he had for dinner? he said, a piece of beef. I staid to dine, and had some beer, and rum and water in the kitchen, and went away and came back again, and said, I would have six-penyworth of rum and water. What he has affirmed about his wife is false; she was in the kitchen filling some bottles of rum; when I went away, I said to her, I wish you a good night, and I shook him by the hand at going out, and he desired me to be there on the Wednesday, I said, I would, and on the Monday morning as I was in an alehouse, he came to me and said he had lost the mug; I went with him, without making any opposition, before justice Welsh, and was sent from thence to New-prison. I find they are very positive as to the mug being in my custody, and nobody being in the room besides, therefore I humbly hope if your lordship should be of opinion that I am guilty, though I am no ways so, that your lordship would be pleased to recommend to the jury to find some particular value, for as it is laid, it is capital, and must affect my life, therefore I hope you will recommend it so as to save my life, though perhaps it may go hard with me, under the dilemma of the gout, with which I am now afflicted, and the noisome stinking gaol which is very bad to me, there is no absolute proof, only circumstances. I did write to a gentleman in Chancery-lane, whose business is so circumstanced, that he cannot attend to give me a character, but I see here are two gentlemen that know me; they are Mr. George and Mr. Newman, who I hope will give me a character.
To his character.


                  John 
                  George 
               



            . I belive I may have known the prisoner four or five years; I can say nothing as to his character; he never did me any harm, nor did I hear he ever did any body else any till this thing happened. I am very little acquainted with him; he is a writer, and I have now and then wrote in an office or a shop with him; I never had any dealings with him in my life.
Mr. Newman. I have known him about the same time as Mr. George mentions; he has wrote some things for me. I know nothing at all of his character; I never knew any thing bad of him before.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


