






44. 45. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Barry 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Clark 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 12 yards of silk lace, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Nicholas Sweeting 
                  Richards 
               




            , Nov. 3
. ++


                  John 
                  King 
               



            . I am journeyman to Mr Nicholas Sweeting Richards, Haberdasher
, at the Ship in Bishopsgate-street


; the two prisoners at the bar came into our shop, I had a mistrust of Barry, by her coming into the shop 4 or 5 times before, and looking at the things, but not buying; Mrs Richards began to serve them, I told mistress somebody wanted her backwards; she went away, and I went to serve them. Barry look'd over the lace-drawer, and bid me 14 d. for a remnant of black, I would not take under 16 d. she had laid a great many pieces by the side of the drawer, I saw her take one piece and put it under a shift which she had in her hand, and went out of the shop. I let them go about 4 or 5 doors, then I went and fetch'd them back, and in searching of them, the piece was found upon Clark. Clark said Barry convey'd it to her in the street.
Barry's defence. I met this woman accidentally in the street; she said she wanted a piece of black lace; I saw it taken from her, I never handed it.
Clark's defence. I sell fruit at the Royal Exchange; Barry came to me to buy an hundred of pippins, she brought me to this shop, under pretence to get a guinea changed; I told her she kept me a great while; she said she would pay me for my time, so she gave me this piece of lace.
James and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Savage 
               



            , and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Jordan 
               



            , who had all known Clark about a year and an half, gave her a good character.
Barry 


               guilty, 4 s. 10 d
            .
Clark 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


