






257, 258. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Conquest 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jackson 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               making an assault on 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Nevil 
                        




                      
                   on the king's high-way, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person one silver watch, value 3 l. one silver watch chain, value 3 s. one silver seal, value 1 s. his property
            , June 16
.* 
By the desire of the prisoners the witnesses were examined apart.


                  John 
                  Nevil 
               



            . On the 16th of June, I was at this hither end of Stanmore


, at a public-house drinking, the prisoners were opposite me; I have known Conquest from a little boy. I went to go home between 12 and 1 at night. I had not been long gone out of the house; I was scarce got above the length of this stick from the door, ( holding a walking-stick in his band) before the prisoner Conquest flew at me, and swore he would have my watch; the other prisoner was with him. I believe they took me 40 poles out at the town's end, before he got the watch, for as he got hold of it I strove to keep it, and by pulling the seal it came all to pieces. He swore he would have my watch or my life.
Q. Did Jackson do any thing to you?
J. Nevil. He never concerned himself one way or the other, only said I should not be abused.
Q. from Conquest. Was not the prosecutor very much in liquor?
J. Nevil. How came I to know you John? I was in liquor, but had been asleep, and was come to myself, but I did not think Conquest would have meddled with me above all men in the world. After he had got my watch I went back again to Mr. Snocksel's, who keeps the inn where we had been drinking, and told him what had happened, and he and others went and took the prisoners on the road.
Q. from Conquest. Did the prisoners ever know any harm of me in his life ?
J. Nevil. I think this is too true John, you used me with very ill manners, and I begged for my life as hard as ever any man begged for a bit of bread.


                  John 
                  Snocksel 
               



            . I keep the Queen's-head at Stanmore; the prisoners came into my house I believe between 9 and 10 o'clock at night on Sunday was sen'night: there were 4 of them at first, but it being field-day, they being all soldiers, two of them went away, but the two prisoners staid. The prosecutor was in my house at the time, we had been looking at his watch just before. The soldiers used me very ill at that time, and I was afraid they would use the prosecutor ill after he was gone, as they went out about the same time. After some little time the prosecutor called, and desired to be admitted into the house again, but I was afraid of my life, and durst not open the door. When I found they had got Nevil away, I sent my servant after them, who came and informed me Nevil had lost his watch; I ordered him to setch the horses that we might follow them. I and Smith 
               
                  Terry
               


             mounted and pursued them. We overtook them just on this side the Welsh-harp, and rode on to Kilbourn, and called up two people and told them the case; they got up, and by their assistance the prisoners were secured and taken to a public-house at Hampstead. I wanted to know where the watch was, and at last Conquest said, it does not signify any thing, for the watch must come out, saying here it is in the corner of my coat; where we found it slipt down into the lining, the chain was on it, but I think the key and seal were broke off, but they were found in the same place. Then we took them before Justice Errington, the watch was delivered to the constable (produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor ).
Q from Conquest. Was not Nevil so drunk that he was forced to be left at the turnpike, and could not go on?
J. Snocksel. He was very sober then, and could tell what was done to him.
Smith 
               
                  Terry
               


            . I was at the Queen's-head at Stanmore on the 16th of June, there were four soldiers, the prisoners were two of them, the other two went away about 11, but the prisoners staid till about 12; the prosecutor went out of the house about that time.
Q. Which went out first, he or the prisoners?
Terry. I cannot say which; after they were out there was some noise at the door, but I did not go out. About a quarter of an hour after I went out, and saw the two prisoners going by the door towards London: then I desired Mr. Snocksel to call up two of his men to go and see for the prosecutor, fearing they were murdered. He called them up, then I and they went to see for him.
Q. What are the mens names?
Terry. One's name is 
               
                  William 
                  Pinchbeck 
               



            , the other Charles, but I do not know his other name.
Q. Which way did you go?
Terry. We went towards London; when we came down to the new road end we met him just turning the corner, about 2 or 300 yards from the Queen's-head.
Q. Was he drunk or sober?
Terry. I cannot say which, for I did not drink with him, he seemed to talk very well. He told us Conquest had taken his watch from him; then Mr. Snocksel and I took horses and pursued them. We past them at the 6 mile stone. We called up two men at Kilbourn to assist us, and the prisoners were taken at St. John's-wood. We took them to the Cock at Hampstead; there Conquest delivered the watch up to Mr. Snocksel, and he gave it to the constable.
Q. Where was the watch?
Terry. It was in the right side lining of his coat. We took them to justice Errington's.
Q. to prosecutor. When you went out of the house, did you go towards London, or from London?
Prosecutor. They brought me towards London, but if they had let me alone, I was to have gone the way from London to my house.


                  William 
                  Jowel 
               



            . I am drawer at Mr. Snocksel's. When there was a great noise at the door after the prosecutor and prisoners were gone out, my master sent me to the door to listen what was done. I heard the prisoner Conquest say to the prosecutor, he would have his watch or his life.
Q. Was Nevil drunk or sober then?
Jowel. I believe he was not in liquor.
Q. Which went out of the house first that night, the prisoner or Nevil?
Jowel. The prisoners did, and Nevil soon after them. I heard Conquest say, don't hug the watch, for he would have it, or his life.
Q. How do you know it to be Conquest that said this?
Jowel. I know his voice, and they were at the door on the out side.
Q. Did you tell your master what you had heard at the door?
Jowel. I did.
Q. to Snocksel. How came you not to interpose here at this time.
Snocksel. I was afraid they had swords, and I had been shut up in a room for fear of them some time before; they had behaved very bad at my house.


                  Michael 
                  Timms 
               



            . I live at Kilbourn at the Red-lion. On the 16th of June last, Mr. Snocksel and Smith 
               
                  Terry
               


            , called me out of my bed betwixt 3 and 4 in the morning, and told me there were a couple of foot-pads coming on the road. They desired my assistance. I and 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Wood 
               



             went. We mounted their horses, and went round; and by St. John's-wood, (that is a little farm called by that name) we took the prisoners. There we saw 
               
                  George 
                  Longland 
               



            . I called him to our assistance. I told Conquest, we came to take him for a highway robbery committed that night. He said he knew what I meant, but I was mistaken.
Q. Where was Snocksell and Terry at the time?
Timms. They were coming on foot about 300 yards distance. Jackson had this weapon in his hand when I seized Conquest, (producing a hanger,) drew it about 3 or 4 inches out of the scabberd. I bid him draw it no farther, but give it me. Then he gave it me, saying, there it is; and resigned quietly. (It must seem strange to the reader, that the two armed prisoners should resign so quietly. Note, Timms had in his hand a pistol when be demanded Jackson's hanger, which he did not mention till the trial was over.) We bound them, and took them to a public-house; there Conquest said, he was too tight bound, and desired somebody would slacken him. I said, if he would tell where the watch was, I would. Then he took the lappet of his coat up, and said, here it is, I know it will be found; and delivered it. Going along the fields, Conquest threaten'd me, saying, he'd do for me as soon as he got released.
Jackson. We have orders from our officers, to carry our hangers with us, when we walk out.


                  Daniel 
                  Wood 
               



            . I live at Kilbourn. (He confirm'd the last evidence's account, and produc'd a hanger taken from Conquest.)


                  George 
                  Longland 
               



            . I was one of the three that took the prisoners. I live at St. John's-wood. I took Jackson. He made but very little resistance. We told them it was on suspicion of a highway robbery, and tied their hands behind them.
Q. What was that little resistance they made?
Longland. It was Jackson drew his hanger near half out of the scabberd. We took them to a public-house, but I was out of the house at the time the watch was found.
Conquest's defence.
Last Sunday was fortnight, about two o'clock, Jackson and I came off guard. I went down to Stanmore to see two children of mine. We were going along the road; and met with a friend that gave me part of a mug or two of beer. We got to Mr. Snocksell's about ten o'clock at night. It was too late to see them then. There I saw Mr. Nevil; he shook hands with me, and gave me part of a pint of beer, and we drank two or three pints after. About eleven, Mr. Snocksell told Mr. Nevil to go home. He was very much in liquor. I went to go to the sign of the Crown, to speak to a friend; he was gone to bed. Coming back, this Nevil was sitting on the bench at the door, almost asleep. I said to him, will you go home. He said, I am so much in liquor, I do not know whether I can or not. I said, we are going your way home. We were coming up to London. He roll'd against the brick-wall, and would have tumbled down, if I had not held up. I said to him, you have got a watch in your pocket, give it me; I'll take it, and keep it for you, for you are fuddled. He took it out of his pocket, and put it in my hands. I said, I'll bring it safe the next day.
Jackson's defence.
What Conquest says, is all very true. I can only repeat the same.



Both Guilty of Felony.
Acquitted of the Robbery.






[Transportation. See summary.]


