






258. 259. ( M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Underwood 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Collard 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing thirteen pounds weight of sugar, val. 7 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Arnold 
                     




                   , in the shop of the said Joseph
            , June 5
. ++.


                  Joseph 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I live at Limehouse


; the two prisoners and the evidence came into my shop, my maid was serving them, another took the sugar, and had it under his apron; they went out, I pursued them round Limehouse church, they dropt the sugar in the churchyard, I took the evidence Hall, and carried him before Justice Berry, he granted a search warrant, and by the information of Hall I found the other two, I took them in Leadenhall-street, and carried them before my Lord-Mayor, where Underwood confest the taking the sugar.
- Hall. One Jack went to Arnold's to buy a halfpennyworth of butter, then one Ben. Ball went in, and Underwood after him, he took the sugar, I staid at the door, and saw him take it out of the window, and run through a Street, Mr. Arnold run after him, he run through the church-yard, Mr. Arnold follow'd him, he dropt it, a servant maid took it up, and brought it to Mr. Arnold, I saw it brought into the alehouse, it is the same sugar loaf that was taken.

Q. Did you go out a robbing?
Hall. No, we did not think of any such thing, we went out to swim.
Q. Do you know any thing of Collard ?
Hall. Yes, there was six of us together.
Q. Was there no mention of getting money in any unlawful way ?
Hall. No, Sir, indeed.
Q. What is your way of living?
Hall. I live with a silver spinner.
Underwood's Defence.
I never was in the church-yard. Underwood 


               guilty 4 s. 10 d
            , Collard 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


