





157. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Hastings 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one check apron, value 1 s. 6 d. one shift, two pair of stockings, and three handkerchiefs
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Clay 
                  




                
            , Feb. 18
. ++


                  Martha
                   Clay My
               



             husband's name is 
               
                  James 
                  Clay 
               



            , I live in Crutched-Friars, the prisoner had lived with me about five weeks; I took her in out of charity. I was to go to Humerton last Saturday, and the prisoner was to go with me. She went out, and took the bundle which I had given her a strict order not to take with her, I designing to take it in the coach. I was to take her up at the turnpike, but she did not stay there, or come near me in the country. On the Sunday morning I had information she was taken by my son, and at my London house. I went to her, and charged her with taking the things, which she owned, and said that some she had pawned, and some given away.


                  Fanny 
                  Carter 
               



            . I live with Mrs. Clay, and heard her bid the prisoner go to White-Chapel turnpike, and not to take the bundle with her; but when she was gone the bundle was gone likewise; and when she was brought back she had a handkerchief of her mistress's about her neck; I heard her then own she took the things mentioned.


                  John 
                  Price 
               



            . I am son to Mrs. Clay, and accidentally met the prisoner about eight o'clock in the evening. She had a blue and white silk handkerchief that belonged to my mother about her neck: I took her to my mother's house, and she there was asked what she had done with the bundle. She said two creatures had taken it away. After that she said she had pawned them in the name of 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Castle 
               



            . I went to the place where she said she had pawned them, and there I had the two handkerchiefs delivered to me.


                  George 
                  Wardley 
               



            . I am constable, and was charged with the prisoner. She owned she had taken the things, and went with me to the pawnbroker's in East Smithfield, who delivered the two handkerchiefs to me. Then I went to one 
               
                  Richard 
                  James 
               



            , a pawnbroker, where she said she had pawned the shift and two coloured aprons. The pawnbroker shewed them to me, but would not deliver them without the money, so we left them.
Q. Is he here?
Wardley. I believe not.
The prisoner had nothing to say for herself.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


