





283. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing three yards of linen cloth, val. 12 d. and nineteen yards of cotton cloth, val. 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Watson 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop
             of the said William, March 23
. ++ .


                  William 
                  Watson 
               



            . I keep a linen-draper's and slop shop
, and live in the parish of St. George Hanover-square


. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, but was not present when they were found upon the prisoner. I was not at home then, but was present before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gore 
               



            , where she owned the taking the goods, and pleaded for mercy.
Q. Were the goods mentioned to her?
Watson. They were, and laid before her.


                  John 
                  Haynes 
               



            . The last witnes's wife called to me and desired me to stop this woman, saying she had robbed her shop.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Haynes. It was about one, or between one and two in the afternoon. Seeing a woman run I ran after her, and got hold of her; she had the goods in her apron. [The goods produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.] I carried her back to the shop; there was an officer sent for, and she was carried before Sir Samuel Gore. I was ordered to aid and assist.


                  John 
                  Makey 
               



            . I am a shoemaker by trade, and keep a stall by Mr. Watson's door. His wife ran out of the door, and cried out, Stop thief. The woman, I, and the last witness, ran after her; we took her and brought her back to the shop, where she let down her apron and dropped them down in the shop.
Q. to Watson. Are you sure those goods were in your shop at that time ?
Mockay. I left the shop between twelve and one, they were all there then.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am not guilty.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


