





193. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     White 
                  



               
            , spinster
, 


               was indicted ( together with 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Holmes 
                     



                  , not yet taken) for stealing one cotton gown, value 14 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wobourne 
                  




                
            , March 4
. 

Isabella Wobourne. I am wife to James the prosecutor, I live in Whitecross-street, within two doors of Old-street; I think it was about the beginning of March, I had a cotton gown taken out of my house, I missed it in a few minutes after it was stolen; I went to 
               
                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            , a pawnbroker, and the first thing I saw was my gown; I told his servant it was mine, and that he had not had it three quarters of an hour, he said he had not; I described it, and he opened it on the counter and saw the marks, then he said it would be better for me to leave it, because the person that brought it might come for more money on it, or to sell it, and he could stop her. I left it; this was on a Saturday. My husband desired me to go on the Monday and bring it home without paying what was lent upon it, it being the second time I had found stolen goods there; I went, but the pawnbroker said, several times, he would not let me have it till I found the thief and paid for it; then my husband went to justice Withers and got a search warrant and a constable, and executed the warrant, but he had put the gown out of the way; he said, if we had not brought a search warrant he would have produced it: I got from him a description of the girl that brought it, and found her at her mother's, and I brought her to Pain's house. The girl said she did not steal it, one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Holmes 
               



             took it and gave it to her to pawn, which she did, and the other went with her. I took 
               
                  Mary 
                  Holmes 
               



             and brought her to Pain's shop, for his servant had told me there came another along with the prisoner, they, upon seeing her, owned she was the person that came with the prisoner to pawn it; after that Pain came out of his little parlour, and said he was glad to see me a little better humoured; I told him I was not, nor should be till his affair and mine was ended; then he ordered me out of his house, and asked to see my warrant for taking Holmes, I said I had none; then he rescued her from me, and threw me a-cross the street; he took her clean away, I never saw her since, and abused me as far as he could call after me.


                  Simon 
                  Prish 
               



            . I am constable, (he produced the gown deposed to by the prosecutrix) this was delivered to me by Pain's servant, named 
               
                  Francis 
                  Smith 
               



            .


                  Francis 
                  Smith 
               



            . On the 1st of March the prisoner brought a cotton gown to pawn; I lent her 4 s on it, there came another person with her; I can't swear this is the gown.
Constable. This is the gown that witness delivered to me, it has not been out of my custody since.
Smith. I heard the girl before the justice own she stole the gown.
Q. to the constable. Did you hear the prisoner say she stole the gown?
Constable. No, I did not; she said she was shewn the way to the house where the gown was hanging up.
Prosecutrix. I never heard her said so; I think it was impossible she should steal it, it hung too high for her to reach; the other was tall enough to reach it.
Prisoner's defence.
I did not steal it, nor was I with the young woman when she did.



               Guilty
            .
(See her trial before, No. 427, in Mr. alderman Rawlinson's mayoralty.)




[Transportation. See summary.]


