





493. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife
 of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Poulton 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver punch-ladle, val. 20 s. two silver table-spoons, val. 20 s. three silver tea spoons, and two linen tablecloths
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Batt 
               




             . Oct. ++ .


                  Wm 
                  Batt 
               



            . I am a watchman
 at present, I have been a house-keeper and lived well; the prisoner lodged with me when my wife was alive, and afterwards I gave her liberty to come backwards and forwards to my room when I was on my duty in the night. I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, and charged her with taking them away; I had her before Justice St. Lawrence, she own'd that she had taken them out of my drawer, and that they were pawn'd at three places.
Q. Were they in a drawer before they were taken away?
Batt. They were; we went to one of the pawnbrokers and found the punch-ladle and one large table-spoon; we found the other things at two other places, by her direction.
Prisoner. He has brought this all upon himself; he told me if my husband was dead he'd make me possess'd of all, and gave me the key of the door.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Did you give her these things?
Batt. No, I never did; I never said such a word; I gave her husband and she leave to lie in my bed when I was out watching. I had but one room.


                  John 
                  Parry 
               



            . I heard the prisoner own before Justice St. Lawrence the taking the ladle and also the other things; the ladle and one spoon she pledged to me.


                  Ann 
                  Rickaby 
               



            . The prisoner brought a tablecloth, a table-spoon and a tea-spoon, and pawn'd with me; and I heard her since own she pawn'd them.
Prisoner. These goods were as much mine as the prosecutor's by a faithful promise of his, and this is all spight, because I would not leave my husband and come and live with him.
Mrs. Gesson. The prisoner pawn'd one tablecloth and one tea-spoon with me. [The goods produc'd in court and depos'd to.]
Prisoner's defence.
I carried these things, the table-cloth and teaspoon to Mrs. Gesson, with the same proviso that I was dressed in mourning. Mr. Batt and I were going to Tottenham-high-cross to see his filter; he made me full the same in the house as he was; and as he disowns it I leave it to better Christians than he.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


