





376. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Savage 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 20 s. one pair of buck skin breeches, value 10 s. and one linen shirt, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lloyd 
                  




                
            , Sept. 24
 ++


                  John 
                  Lloyd 
               



            . The prisoner was my lodger; I lost the things mention'd on a Saturday night, but don't know what day of the month.
Q. From whence did you lose them?
Lloyd. The watch was in a drawer, and the other things were in the same room.
Q. Was the drawer lock'd?
Lloyd. No, it was not.
Q. Did you ever find the things again?
Lloyd. The prisoner was gone when they were missing. I went after him and took him in Broad St. Giles's, at which time he had my watch in his pocket, my breeches on, and my shirt was in his bundle.
Q. What did he say for himself?

Lloyd. He own'd he took them.
Q. In what room where the things, where you or where the prisoner lay?
Lloyd. They were in the room where the prisoner lay.
Q. How long had he lodged with you?
Lloyd. Not above nine days or a fortnight.
Q. How long had you known him?
Lloyd. I had known him no longer. I thought him to be a very honest man.
The constable produced the things.
Prosecutor. These are all my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
On the Saturday night I paid my prosecutor's wife for my lodging. I ask'd her where my shirts and stockings where. She said my stockings lay on a chair, and my shirts were in a basket in the room where I lay, which stood on the chest of drawers; there were three in number; I took them up and thought they were all my own; these breeches lay on my bed, which I took and put on instead of my own, by mistake: As for the watch that never was his, it is my own, and he had lent me two guineas upon it.
Q. to prosecutor. Look at this watch again, whose is it?
Prosecutor. I bought this watch of the prisoner for two guineas and a half, and was to have it a week upon trial. I paid him two guineas, and was to give him half a guinea more if it pleased me; if not, I was to have my money again, and he his watch.
Q. Were these breeches lying on the prisoner's bed?
Prosecutor. No, they were not; they were hanging on a nail.
Q. Where was the shirt?
Prosecutor. That was in a basket on the chest of drawers.
Q. Did your wife wash his linen for him?
Prosecutor. She did; he had but three shirts of his own, which he took, and mine too.
Q. Did he leave his breeches behind him?
Prosecutor. No, he did not; his breeches were in his bundle when we took him; he had cut the buckle and strap off my breeches behind, that I should not know them, and tied them with a string. ( The buckle and strap produced.)




               Guilty of stealing the breeches
            .
The prosecutor paid the prisoner half a guinea and took the watch.




[Transportation. See summary.]


