






34, 35. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Campbell 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Creed 
                  



               
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 3 s. and one silver salt, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  AEneas
                   M'Miller
               




            , December 5
.*
AEneas M'Miller. Last Monday, in the afternoon, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Campbell 
               



             came to my house, and ask'd for my maid servant, saying, she wanted to speak with my wife. My maid told her my wife was not at home. Then she went away, and presently after she came again, and asked the maid to give her some bread and meat.
Q. Do you speak this of your own knowledge?
M'Miller. I came home before she went out of the house. When I came in she ask'd me how I did, and went away. As soon as my wife came I told her who had been there, and said I did not like her by the company she keeps. I desired her to see that she had not taken any thing away. She looked, and soon missed a silver spoon and silver salt; they were afterwards stop'd by the constable.
Campbell. This woman Creed is intirely innocent. I put the spoon into her hand to go and pawn for me.


                  William 
                  Humphrys 
               



            . On Monday last the prisoner Creed brought the silver spoon to me. I asked her how she came by it, and she said it cost her 14 s. I asked her how it was marked, when she hesitated very much, and said a milkwoman sent her with it to pledge. I stop'd it, and bid her go and fetch the milkwoman. The milkwoman came, and said she sent her with it. I asking her what it was marked with, she said she would go and fetch her husband, who could tell. She went away, and never returned.
Q. Who is this milkwoman?
Humphrys. She lives in St. Giles's, she was not detained.
[The spoon was produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]


                  Mary 
                  Lee 
               



            . This silver salt [ holding one in her hand] was brought to me by 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Creed 
               



            . I asked her how she came by it, and she said it was her sister's. I went to see if it was advertised in any of the Bills of warning, when Campbell came in, and said it was the property of the prosecutor, and that his wife had given it her to pledge; and Creed said she was with Campbell when the prosecutor's wife gave it her to pledge.
Q to Prosecutor. Look at this salt.
Prosecutor. This is my property
Campbell. I brought this other prisoner very innocently into it.
Creed's Defence.
This pawnbroker has known me ten years, ask him my character.
W. Humphrys. I have known her ten years, but never had any dealings with her; I never heard any thing amiss of her before this.
Campbell 

               Guilty
            .
Creed 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


