





221. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Carrol 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing six yards of flowered lawn, value 3 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Watson 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said James
            , March 4
. ||


                  James 
                  Watson 
               



            . I live at the corner of Charles-street, Covent-garden


; I am a linnen draper
. On Wednesday the 9th of March, in the evening, the prisoner and a young man, which she called her brother, came unto my shop, in order to buy some silk handkerchiefs; I shewed some. As he was looking at them, she employed herself in taking up this piece of lawn; it was lying on the shew-board, just by the door. When they were gone out of the shop, I missed it; I went out after her, and brought her back to my shop door, and called some people to witness to my taking the piece from under her arm.
Q. How far had she gone from your shop;
Watson. She was gone about ten yards: I took the piece from her, and sent for the constable, and took her into the shop, where she kneel'd down and begged I'd forgive her. (The lawn produced in court and deposed to)


                  Hannah 
                  Ashmore 
               



            , who sells fruit near the prosecutor's door, and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Palmer 
               



            , a neighbour, whom the prosecutor sent for at the time, deposed, they saw the prosecutor take the lawn from under the prisoner's arm.
The prisoner called 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Mills 
               



            , who had known her two years; her mother, 
               
                  Jane 
                  Carrol 
               



            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Dean 
               



            , who had known her a year and half, who all gave her a good character.




               Guilty 4 s. 10d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


