





56. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Furgerson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 11 pair of worsted stockings, value 15 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hayman 
                        




                      
                  , privately, in the shop
             of the said John, Nov. 6
. +
Eliz. Hayman. My husband's name is John. I keep a shop in Westminster, the Hat and Bever, in Bridge-street


. On the 6th of November, about 7 o'clock, the prisoner came into our shop, and asked to see some stockings. I did not like the looks of him, and therefore refused to shew him any, What, says he, do you think I want to steal them? I said, I had nothing that would do, and beg'd he would go. He turn'd about, and took 11 pair of women's stockings out of the window. He ran away, and I call'd out, Stop thief. He was taken in the street; but was out of my sight when taken.


                  Henry 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I was at the taking the prisoner: he had dropped the goods, but not in my sight.


                  Thomas 
                  Griffith 
               



            . I live opposite the prosecutor. The gentlewoman call'd, Stop thief. I ran and enquired of several people, if they saw a man running. I was told they had. I went on to Dean's-place, and a gentleman laid hold of him, and left him with me, till he went and got assistance. In the mean time he ran away, and I after him, and in Queen-street, Westminster, he was laid hold on and secured.


                  William 
                  Lemberick 
               



            . I heard the cry, Stop. thief, when a man ran up Deans-place. After that I went up there, and picked up a bundle of stockings, and deliver'd them to Griffith.
Will. Bright. I am constable (he produced the stockings. )
Q. to prosecutrix. Whose stockings are these?
Prosecutrix. They are the stockings I lost that night.
Prisoner's defence.
That afternoon I had been drinking with my serjeant. I belong to the guards. We had two pots of beer; after which we went to the Chequer, in Stable-Yard. Then he desired me to go and sit up in the hospital with a sick man. I said, I was to go to work in the morning, and so did not go. After I had parted with him, I met 
               
                  Mary 
                  Doyle 
               



             and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Stockdale 
               



            , with whom I went to Westminster-market, to buy a piece of meat. We had a full pot of beer at the Duke's-head, in Longditch; and going along there was the cry Stop thief; so they took hold of me.


                  Mary 
                  Doyle 
               



             and Sarah Stockdale deposed they were with him at the time of the hue and cry; but it gained no credit with the jury.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


