





47. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Marshall 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-five pounds weight of loaf sugar, val. 12 s. privately in the warehouse of 
                     
                        Rice 
                        Price 
                     




                   , his property
            , Nov. 18
 ||
Rice Price. On the 18th of Nov. last, between the hours of 7 and 8 in the evening; I saw the prisoner coming out of my warehouse, (which is over against my house) with a lump of sugar under his arm; (produc'd in court and deposed to 25 pounds weight and upwards)
Q. What is the value of it?
Price. It cost me 14 s. and 3 d. I ran to the door and saw my man coming up out of the cellar ; I asked him if he had had any body with him, he said no: I thought I missed a small loaf of sugar from near the door; I went after the prisoner and took him with it under his arm; my man at that time called out, then the prisoner dropp'd the sugar down.
Q. Was the warehouse door open or shut?
Price. They are folding doors, and they were both open; this was on Saturday night; I carried the prisoner before my Lord-Mayor, on the Monday morning; there he pretended he saw the sugar lying on the ground.
Q. from the Prisoner. Which arm had I it under?
Price. He had it under his left arm next to the wall.


                  Joseph 
                  Hermatage 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Price, I was down in the warehouse and saw the prisoner come in and take the sugar on the 18th of Nov.
Q. What time of the evening was it?
Hermatage. It was very near 8 o'clock; when he was gone out I called out stop thief, and ran after him and seiz'd him by the collar behind.
Q. Was he ever out of your sight ?
Hermatage. He was not, till I took hold on him.
Q. from the Prisoner. Had I the sugar when you laid hold on me?
Hermatage. I laid hold on him just before he dropt it.
Q. How far from the warehouse door was it that you laid hold on him?
Hermatage. It was but 3 or 4 yards from the warehouse door.
Q. Where has the sugar been since?
Hermatage. It has been seal'd up ever since.


                  Benjamin 
                  Dell 
               



            . I live next door to the warehouse; I heard the sugar loaf fall, I went to the door and took it up just by the prisoner's feet; when they had seiz'd him, I gave it to the constable when he came.
Q. Whereabouts did it fall?
Dell. It fel l upon the stone step near our shop window.
Q. How far is your shop from the prosecutor's warehouse?
Dell. There is only an entry between them, about 4 or 5 feet broad.
Prisoner's Defence.
Coming down Bow-lane, I saw a man in a white frock 5 or 6 yards before me; I thought I heard something drop; Mr. Price came and laid hold of me, the man just turn'd the corner at the time; he call'd to his man, and sent for a constable; they carried me to the Compter directly.
For the Prisoner.
William Watkin's. I am a shoemaker; and live in Flying-Horse-Court, Grub-street, I have known the prisoner about six months; I never heard any harm of him.


                  Susannah 
                  Haines 
               



            . I live in Cross-Key-Court in Grub-street; I am an old cloaths woman; I have nothing to say against the prisoner, or for him; no further than I know him to be a very honest fellow.
Q. how long have you known him?
S. Haines. About three years.




               Guilty 4 s. and 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


