





46. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Luff 
                  



               
            , was indicted, for that he, (together with 
               
                  John 
                  Grigby 
               



             not yet taken) on the 12th of August
, did 


               steal one gold chain, value 30 s. one gold locket, value 5 s. one gold ring, value 10 s. one gold ring with 5 Bristol stones, one gold ring with diamonds, one gold ring with a red stone, two other gold rings, value 10 s. one stay-hook, value 5 s. one silver girdle-buckle, one silver stock-buckle, three silver snuff-boxes, one pair of gold sleeve-buttons, and other things, and one two guinea piece; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Barter 
                        




                      
                   in his dwelling-house
            . *.


                  William 
                  Barter 
               



            . I live in St. John's Square, Clerkenwell


. I am a painter
; on the 12th of August I was at my country house at Holloway, in the morning my foreman came to acquaint me, that my apprentice 
               
                  John 
                  Grigby 
               



             had not been at home all night, and that my scrutore in my dining-room, was broke open. Upon which I came home, there I found it broke and the flap of it down, a tin chest, with the things mentioned in the indictment in it was lying on the stairs, and all the things gone, a hammer and chissel of my own, were one lying near the tin box, the other on the flap of the bureau. The prisoner at the bar was my labourer to grind colours, look after my horse, and go on errands, &c. When I understood Grigby was absconded, I inquired after the prisoner, and was informed they were at an alehouse at skittles on the 12th, the best part of the day. The prisoner not coming as usual, I sent and found he was gone from his lodgings, and had taken what things he had along with him, I went to Goldsmith's-Hall and sent bills amongst the trade, and advertised in the papers ; and by virtue of the advertisement, a worthy gentleman of Bridgwater in Somersetshire, got the prisoner apprehended; and in order to do justice to my country, I have brought him here. Some time after the robbery one Mr. Slayter who keeps an alehouse at Baguali's-Marsh, came to my house with one of the papers I had printed; saying two such persons which I described, had changed the two guinea piece with him. It was a very remarkable one, I had it many years, I could know it from ten thousand, there is a flaw in it that goes from one side to the other. He brought it, I gave him 2 guineas for it. I had a ring stopped at Smithfield bars brought by a woman, but they were not so lucky as to stop the woman. My apprentice has not been heard of since he left the prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Rundal 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Barter. On Monday the 12th of August, Master was at his country-house. About six in the evening 
               
                  John 
                  Grigby 
               



             rung the stable bell, I went and let him in and went down stairs again. Just as I got down stairs again the prisoner knocked at the fore-door. He brought the key of the shop, and begged a bit of soap to wash his hands. He went up stairs, and cross the passage, and opened the door. We heard it shut but we did not see him go out. Just after that Grigby called down the kitchen stairs and said, Master will be at home to night or in the morning. After we had done washing, we wondered the apprentice did not come home as usual. We went up stairs and there saw a small tin chest wide open, with a hammer lying by it. We had never seen the chest before. We went into master's room and into the dining-room, to see if every thing was fast in the dining-room. We saw the flap of the escritore down and a chizel lying upon it. We went and desired a watchman, to go for Mr. Edmonds master's foreman. He came with the watchman. We searched the house. My fellow servant and I are very well assured nobody had been in the house, but Grigby and the prisoner.
Jonnathan Slayter. I live at Bagnall's marsh, or what is called Black-mary's-hole, about a furlong from the prosecutor's. I keep a publick-house. On the 12th of August in the evening, came in a man and a boy near the close of the evening. There came with them an acquaintance of mine. I cannot pretend to swear to either the man or the boy. They asked for a shillings-worth of Liquor, it was either rum or brandy and water. I think after that they had another. After that my man brought a 2 guinea piece to change. My wife did not know what it was. He is shew'd it. [The prosecutor deposed to it as his property, and be likewise.] The lad said he should be lock'd out, so they both lay at my house. After the advertizing these things I wait, and carried this 2 guinea piece to the prosecutor.


                  John 
                  Howel 
               



            . I lived servant with the last evidence I know'd the prisoner and was acquainted with him before the 12th of 
               
                  August 
                  He 
               



             came that day to treat me with a shillings-worth of liquor, saying he was going into his own country, Somersetshire. While he was at Mr. Slayter's house, he gave me a piece of gold to change. I carried it to my mistress in the bar. He had 42 s. in exchange. They had more liquor after that. He is showed the piece of money, but could not swear to it.


                  John 
                  Holmes 
               



            . The prisoner and Grigby lay together at Mr. Slayter's. I waited upon them till they were in bed. They being late lay there. I know'd Grigby before he was apprentice. I was a lodger in Slayter's house. I drank with them the next morning, but going to work, saw them no more.
Mr. Mittleditch. I live at the White Hart in Leather-lane. On Monday the 12th of August the prisoner and a lad came into my house, he knew me some time before. They had some beef and cucumbers. They went away. The prisoner did not come home again that night; he lodged with me at that time. The next morning as I was coming from Hatton-Garden, I met them both together, the lad had a bundle on his back. The prisoner something in his apron. The prisoner said he had lost a quarter of a day, by lying in bed too long, but he was going to work now. I cannot say I shall know the boy again.
Q. to Howel. Who had you the two guinea piece of?
Howel. From the prisoner's hands, and I saw my mistress give the change to him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was under a cloud. I told my master where I belong to, and that I must go home. He advertized me to my home. The boy came to me and asked me what I had to my supper? I said a mutton or a beef chop, he said if I would give him part he would come, for it was washing day. He came, I treated him with 2 pints of beer. Then he said he did not care for beer, and if I would go with him he would give me a treat, and knowing this man, we went along with him. The Evidence said if I would go into the country he would go with me. There Grigby pulled out that piece of gold and laid it upon the board. I took it up, I might throw it in order for change I am not positive. He said he had it of his sister, the next day I was fearful of being arrested for money I owed I did not tell my master I was going away then, but I had about a fortnight before, one time when he paid me.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did he ever tell you he was going from you ?
Prosecutor. No, My Lord, he told me his circumstances were so bad in the country, that he could not shew his head there. That also he had been concerned in smuggling, &c.
For the Prisoners.


                  William 
                  Mathewen 
               



            . Some time last summer, to the best of my memory it was before August, the prisoner came and told me he was going to Bridge-water, (I am a native of that place, but have been settled in London more than ten years.) He desired I would lend him fourteen shillings to bear his charges, and proposed he or his wife should pay my brother in the country. She lived at Bridgewater then. I lent it him, she paid my brother the money again. I never heard any dishonest thing laid to his charge before this.


                  John 
                  Chetwood 
               



            . I have known him about 4 or 5 years. I am steward to the lord of the manor, Mr. Popham at Bridgewater. The prisoner paid me 14 or 15 pounds in part of a contract about 4 or 5 years ago. He has a very good character in the country.


                  John 
                  Briant 
               



            . I was born in the same town with the prisoner, and have known him many years, I never know'd any ill of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Pitman 
               



            . I have a garden at Islington. About a fortnight before this thing happened, the prisoner came there to me, and said he did not care to stay in London any longer, saying he believed he was found out, and if he must lie in a gaol, he'd go down and lie in a gaol amongst his friends.


                  James 
                  Hardnall 
               



            . I have known him 15 years. I never know'd any thing ill of him.
Joakim Pollosh. I lived in a house where he used. He always behaved very quiet.
- Norton. I have known him 20 years. I never know'd him guilty of any thing before this.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


