





321. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dumble 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one dozen of concave glasses, value 12 s. six pair of temple spectacles, two fishskin cases, twelve spectacles, six dozen of horn frames for spectacles, and one reading glass
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Leonard 
                     Ballit 
                  




                
            , July 22
. ++


                  Leonard 
                  Ballit 
               



            . I am an optician
, and was drinking at the Crown alehouse in Duck-Lane


 with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Owen 
               



            . I had an occasion to step out, so desired him to take care of my things, which were the goods mention'd in the indictment, tied up in a handkerchief. I was out about a dozen minutes, and when I returned Mr. Owen was not there. I met the prisoner coming out as I went in at the door. I call'd to the landlady to know where my friend was, who said he was gone into the kitchen. He came to me. I ask'd him where my handkerchief was. He said the man that had been there must have it. The landlady said he had just flung down 3 d. for his liquor and went out.
Q. Who was in the tap-room before you went out?
Ballit. There was nobody in the tap room but my friend, I, and the prisoner. I advertised the goods, and Mr. Wilmot, in St. Bride's Alley, sent for me, and told me he had heard of my goods, and knew the man that had been at his house to pawn them, but he did not take them in; so I went and took him up, and carried him before my Lord-mayor, where he confessed the taking of them.
Q. What were the words he made use of?
Ballit. He said he was at the house, and seeing them lie there, and knowing they were not the landlord's property, he thought he might take them as well as any body else.


                  Thomas 
                  Owen 
               



            . I was with the prosecutor at the time, who said he had an occasion to go out, so desired me to take care of his parcel. There was the prisoner in the house. I went backwards into the kitchen, and when I returned the prosecutor was come in, but the prisoner and parcel were gone. I went out, but could not see him. When he was taken I pick'd him out from a dozen people, at the Mansion-House, where I heard him confess he had the things.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Vanderbus 
               



            . The prisoner was in my house at the time the prosecutor was; he call'd for a pint of beer, and after that a pennyworth. When the prosecutor was gone out the prisoner flung down 3 d. and went away.


                  Samuel 
                  Wigget 
               



            . I am a barber, and have been acquainted with the prisoner six or seven years; he is a taylor
. He came to my shop one Saturday morning and said he had found something, but he did not know what it was. I looked at them and found they were a parcel of spectacles. I went and fetch'd another man that was a branch of the trade, who look'd at them, and advised us to let them alone till the Monday following, to see whether they would be advertised. On the Monday the prisoner said they are not advertised, and as I want some money, we will pawn them till we can hear farther about them. I went with the young man to Mr. Wilmot, but he did not chuse to take them in; then we went to another pawnbroker and pawn'd some of them in the prisoner's name for 12 s. One pair of spectacles was given to a taylor, and some other things he had sold and given to other persons: When I found they were own'd I went and got what I could, and delivered them to the prosecutor.
Q. Where did the prisoner tell you he found them?
Wigget. He told me he found them over-against the Golden-Lion, in the Old-Bailey.
Q. to prosecutor. Where do you live?
Prosecutor. I live upon Holbourn-Hill, three doors beyond St. Andrew's Church gate.
Q. Where did you lose these things?
Prosecutor. At the Crown in Duck-Lane; there are two doors, one goes out into Bartholomew-Close.


                  Samuel 
                  Polock 
               



            . On the 23d of July Mr. Wigget came to me and desired me to come to his shop, where was the prisoner at the bar. Mr. Wigget said, my friend has had the luck to find these things, and produced them; you are a judge of them, be so good as to tell us what they are worth. I advised them not to part with them, but stay and see if they were advertised. On the Monday they told me they were not advertised, and ask'd me to go along with them to pawn them. We all three went, but at the pawnbroker's door the prisoner made an excuse to go away about some business, and said he'd come to us at Mr. Wigget's house. I pawn'd them in the prisoner's name, and Mr. Wigget's name was put at the bottom of the paper.
Q. By whose direction did you pawn them?
Polock. By the direction of the prisoner. I gave Mr. Wigget the money in hand, and he said we will go and drink somewhere. We went to an alehouse opposite his house and call'd for a pot of beer, and before the beer was out the prisoner came in Mr. Wigget paid 3 d. for the pot of beer out of the money, and gave the prisoner the r est.


                  John 
                  Pearcey 
               



            . Mr. Wigget came with Mr. Polock and offer'd these things to pawn with me. Wigget told me the poor man that own'd them was in distress, and a little money would be acceptable, that he knew them to be the man's property, and it was upon a pinch, so I took them in. ( Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Wigget. I have known the prisoner some years; he is one of the best of workmen, and I never heard any harm of him before this.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into that house and call'd for a pint of beer, and after that I had a pennyworth more. These goods lay on a bench in the house; there was nobody near them, nor in the tap-room, where they lay. I thought some strange person had come in and left them there, so I took them with me; the next morning I went to several people that work'd in these sort of things, and after that I was told they belong'd to Mr. Ballit. I went to get shaved at this Mr. Wigget's shop, and told them I found these things over night, near the Old-Bailey. They would have me pawn them, but I would not, so I kept them from the Saturday till the Monday, thinking they might be advertised. Then I came to his shop again, and he advised me to pawn them, and let the man that own'd them fetch them out, so I consented.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


