





583. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Parsley 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one guinea and nine shillings in money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Jervise 
                  




                
            , October  3
. || .
Q. to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Jervise 
               



            . How old is the prisoner?
Jervise. His mother told me he was fourteen years of age. He came to me to be my errant-boy on the 30th of September. I am a turner. On the Wednesday following, he took an opportunity of going into my compting-house, the door not being locked, took out a guinea in gold, and eight shillings in silver, out of a drawer. The next day he took two sixpences.
Q. How do you know this?
Jervise. By his own confession before me and several others. My wife told me on the Wednesday morning there was so much money deficient in the bag. The boy being in the shop, heard us talking; I mistrusted him, and told him he should go before my Lord Mayor if he would not tell; which he did. I have got one shilling again from him.


                  John 
                  Sharp 
               



            . I live opposite to Mr. Jervise's, and he called me over to hear what the boy would say on the third of October. The boy confessed he robbed him of a guinea and eight shillings; that at another time he took two sixpences, one of which had a hole in it; and that he said he gave the sixpences to his mother, who owned she had received them of him. She was taken before my Lord Mayor, but discharged since.
Q. Were there any threats made use of to induce him to confess?
Sharp. I heard none at all.


                  Barnard 
                  Hammon 
               



            . My master missed the money, and the prisoner was missing some time. He was found in Chick-lane with some boys; he produced one shilling, and confessed he had confiscated the rest amongst the boys.
The prisoner had nothing to say.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


