





106. (M.) 
               
                  Gerrard 
                  Gervise 
               



            , was indicted, for 


               stealing eight guineas and a half, and seven shillings and sixpence in money, numbered, and two gold rings, value 12 s. the goods and money of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hall 
                     




                   , in his dwelling-house
            . Dec. 5
. +
William Hall. I keep the Blue-Anchor
, in Whitechapel


; the Prisoner lodged about nine nights in my house; and went away about the latter end of November. On the 5th of Dec. he lay at my house, and went out on the 6th, between eight and nine in the morning; he desired he might lie there till he went to sea, saying he was soon to go. On the 6th of Dec. I missed eight guineas, one half guinea, seven shillings and sixpence in money, and two gold rings, from out of a drawer in the chamber he lay in. Having heard the Prisoner had bought a large pair of silver buckles, I took him up, and asked him how he came to use me so? he answered, he was very sorry for what he had done, and said, he hoped I would make things easy, and his father would make up all things with me. He confessed every thing, how he took the money and rings; he was searched, and only three halfpence found upon him.


                  William 
                  Gander 
               



            . On Thursday the 6th of Dec. about nine in the morning, I saw the Prisoner cheapening a pair of large silver buckles at Mr. Bond's shop, in Whitechapel parish; after that the same day I heard Mr. Hall had been robbed; then I told Mr. Hall where I had seen the Prisoner buying a large pair of silver buckles; said he, he had no money over-night, for I lent him some. We went to the silversmith's shop, and found he had laid out about two guineas there; I took the Prisoner up on Tower-Hill; I heard him say when I charged him with this affair, he knew what he had done, and hoped I would make things easy. I took him to Mr. Hall's, and charged an officer with him, and he was taken before the justice, there he confessed every thing.


                  Thomas 
                  Jess 
               



            . I am constable, I was sent for to Mr. Hall's house and took charge of the Prisoner. I asked him, how he came to do this thing ? he said, he was sorry for it, and hoped Mr. Hall would make things easy with him. He said, he had bought a hat, wig, coat, waistcoat, breeches, and buckles with the money he had taken, and had them on.
Prisoner's Defence.
I lay at my Prosecutor's house on the 5th of Dec. last, and went away in the morning to my aunt's: she asked me, if I intended to go abroad? I said, yes: she gave me six guineas to buy myself cloaths; she gave me one gold ring, and one I had before; she is dead. I changed away the rings where I bought the buckles; they told me I was to go to gaol, and I did not know what to do, so I owned it.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


