





234. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     White 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 30 yards of silk ribband, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        Eliz.
                         Pitman
                     




                  , privately, in the shop of the said Eliz.
            
July 10
. ++

Eliz. Pitman. I keep a Chandler's shop
 in Horseshoe-Alley , near Morefields


. The prisoner came into our shop for an half-pennyworth of bread. I lost some ribband in several pieces. My daughter was the person that catched her; and she can give a farther account of it.
Eliz. Pitman, jun. I was gone into the yard about some business, and when I came in I found the prisoner leaning over the counter, close to the glass case. I came behind the counter, and asked her, what she wanted. She said, a half-penny worth of bread. I had some suspicion she had taken something, because I found the glass case not quite shut. I turned her cloak aside to see if I could see the ribband, and she had none. I served her with bread and she went home directly. After that I looked in the glass case, and missed several parcels of ribband. I went over the way but could not find the prisoner.
Q. Did you know her before?
Pitman, jun. No; I never saw her before to my knowledge. I went and told a neighbour of it. She had seen her lurking about at the door. In less than half an hour the prisoner came through the court; and the gentlewoman that I had told it to, beckoned to me to go after her. I went and brought her in. I asked her for my ribband and she took it out of her bosom, and laid it on the counter, and own'd she took it. Produc'd in court, and deposed to.
Q. How much is there of it?
Pitman, jun. There is about ten yards of it; but I lost a great deal more.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took this ribband, but no more.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


