





55. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Wells 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for that 


               she on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Bowers 
                        




                      
                  , did make an assault , putting him in fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person a silver watch, value 3 l. his property, against his will
            , Dec 27
. ++


                  Christopher 
                  Bowers 
               



             I am apprentice
 to 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Crook 
               



            , a plaisterer
, and am just turn'd of twenty years of age; betwixt six and seven o'clock, Dec. the 7th, near Long Acre, as I was going with a young man, named 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Johnson 
               



            , the prisoner ask'd him to give her some beer, and he ask'd me to go with them. I went with him and her to her room to drink it, we had only a pot of beer. I gave her 6 d. to change, but she would not return me the change, and going down stairs she went cross the street in Mercers street, and fetch'd two fellows, who came and knock'd him down.
Q. Was you sober?
Bowers. I was.
Q. Was he sober?
Bowers. He did not stagger, and was pretty sober. I desir'd them not to use him ill.
Q. Do you know she brought them?
Bowers. They came out of a house directly with her. Then I was knock'd down. one hit him, and the other me; the prisoner stood just by, she neither spoke to the men nor me in my hearing.
Q. Was any thing demanded ?
Bowers. At first coming they began d - ning my companion's eyes, and ask'd him to give them a shilling before they struck him. The prisoner snatch'd my watch just as I got up again, and ran cross the way, thro' a house, and over a wall, and down into a cellar. I went and got a candle, and went after her with assistance, and there we found her. I told my acquaintance she had taken my watch as soon as she took it. He went and got a constable, and near the cellar she drop'd the watch, close to my feet, in a puddle of water. We took her before Mr. Welch, where I charged her with taking my watch; she would not tell any thing of the fellows. She did not own the taking the watch to me.
Mr. Woodword. I am a constable. On the evening of the 27th of December, there came a young man to me, and said that his acquaintance had been rob'd of a silver watch, and desired I'd take the woman into custody. I went and found they had taken the prisoner in the cellar of an uninhabited house. I took her out from thence, but before I took her away a man gave me this watch; it was wet and dirty.
Prosecutor. I delivered the watch to one Walgrove till I got over the wall, he liv'd at next door.
Woodward. That man seeing I was a constable he delivered it to me. I took the prisoner before Mr. Welch, who committed her to New-Prison. (The watch produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Anthony 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I was with the prosecutor at this time.
Q. Was you sober?
Johnson. I can't say I was right sober. We were going home about six o'clock on the Tuesday night after Christmas-day, and met with the prisoner, I don't know the name of the street. She ask'd us to give her a little beer, I said, I would, he gave her 6 d. to fetch some, but she did not give him the change. We had not got above six or seven yards from the door before she ran cross the way, when directly two fellows came out, and one said, d - n your eyes give her a shilling; for what said I. He directly knock'd me down, the other knock'd the prosecutor down, and I saw the prisoner at him. I did not see her take his watch, but she immediately ran down an entry. I went and fetched a constable, and when I came she was out of the cellar. Then we took her before Mr. Welch, but I did not hear her own any thing.
Q. Where did you see the watch ?
Johnson. I saw it in Mr. Walgrove's hands.
Q. Had there been any dispute with her about money before the men came?
Johnson. No, none at all.
Prisoner. I have witnesses to my character. I was coming with a young woman with me, and had a pot of beer, they ask'd to drink of it, I said they might, so they went with us to her room, and after he came into the street he wanted to be rude with me, but I would not let him, so he has swore this.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Wright 
               



            . The prisoner lived with me three years. I am a fruiterer. I can't say what company she has been in since that. She was just and honest to me.
Mr. Wright. I am husband to the other evidence. I knew her about half a year, after I married her mistress; she behaved well that time.
Q. to prosecutor. Was there another woman with her when you met with her?
Prosecutor. There was, and she went up into the room with us, but we left her there when we came away.




               Guilty of single Felony
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


