





302. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Fifield 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three linen sheets, one copper saucepan, one copper coffee pot, one china punch bowl, five china coffee cups, four linen aprons, one linen frock, twelve linen clouts, one woollen blanket, one linen bed gown, one linen waistcoat, two brass candlesticks, one mahogany waiter, two silver spoons, one pair of silver tea tongs, one quilted petticoat, three linen napkins, and one pair of thread stockings
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Sqursefigi 
                  




                
            , August 12
. +


                  Mary 
                  Sqursefigi 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Sqursefigi 
               



            . We live in Cock Court, Broad Saint Giles's


. I went out on the 23d of June and left the prisoner in care of my little child, and returned the 9th of August; the next day she brought a tablecloth of another person to be used at table. I ask'd her why she did not bring one of our own. She said she had put them in pawn, having no money, and had been to a relation of mine and could get none. I left her two guineas when I went out. She was to have seven shillings per week, and my brother deliver'd to her eleven shillings. I looked about and missed several things. Two days after I sent her to my lady Cardagan's with a bill.
Q. What is your business?
M. Spursefigi. I am a mantuamaker
. She got up about five in the morning and went away. I then missed two table spoons and a pair of tea tongs. She left me a letter on the table, in which she told me she intended to leave London. I found the spoons and tea tongs afterwards at a pawnbroker's shop. When I took her up she confessed she took them, and told me where she had pawn'd them.


                  David 
                  Squires 
               



            . I live at the corner of Crown-Court, and the prisoner pledg'd the china mention'd in the indictment with me. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  Francis 
                  Parry 
               



            . I live in Shepherd-street, Hanover-square, and am a pawnbroker; the prisoner brought these two silver spoons and tea tongs to me to pawn, on which I lent her sixteen or eighteen shillings. She gave in her name 
               
                  Ann 
                  Elliot 
               



            . (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
There were many other witnesses, such as pawnbrokers, &c. to be examined, but the court thought it unnecessary to examine them all.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take them with an intent to steal them; she has them again.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


