





241. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jones 
               



spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing five lawn handkerchiefs, value 7 s. one yard and a half of lace, two lawn aprons, one linen gown, and two dimity waistcoats
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Marshall 
                  




                
            , May 15
.


                  Edward 
                  Marshall 
               



            . On Sunday was se'nnight I had been out, and when I came home my wife was searching the drawers; what was missing she can give an account of.
Q. What time was this?
Marshall. It was in the evening, between nine and ten o'clock.
Q. What was the prisoner?
Marshall. She is a servant out of place
; we kept her till she got a place, but paid her no wages.
Q. What are you?
Marshall. I am a glazier
.
Q. Was you before a magistrate with the prisoner?
Marshall. I was before justice Welch; he ask'd her if she was guilty of taking the things.
Q. Were there any things mention'd?
Marshall. They were particularly; my wife charged her. There the prisoner own'd she had taken and pawn'd them.
A. Marshall. I am wife to the prosecutor. I trusted the prisoner the same as if she had been my own sister. We let her be at our house till she got a place. I missed several things.
Q. Name them.
A. Marshall. There were five handkerchiefs, a piece of new lace, about a yard and a half of it, two lawn aprons, a linen gown, and two dimity waistcoats.
Q. Where were they taken from?
A. Marshall. From out of four separate drawers.
Q. How came you to suspect the prisoner ?
A. Marshall. I was going to church on the fifteenth of May, I said to her, go to such a drawer, and bring me an apron and handkerchief; she went and said here is no apron here. I said, then look in another drawer, she did, and said she could not find any, then I went and look'd in all the drawers; I missed the things mentioned, my husband came in at the time. Then I said I'd go to enquire at the pawnbrokers on the morrow, to see if I could find them. I went out to tell a neighbour my loss, and left her with my husband, and when I returned, my husband told me the prisoner had confessed to him that she had taken them; after that she own'd the same to me, and told me where she had paw'd them at different places.
Q. Did you tell her what you missed?
A. Marshall. I did, we took her before Mr. Welch, where she voluntarily own'd of herself the taking them all.


                  Henry 
                  Stockden 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner pledged a gown, two white waistcoats, and an apron, with me (produced in court.)
Q. to prosecutrix. Are these your property?
Prosecutrix. They are, and I have the rest of the things, they are all delivered to me.
Q. Where are the other pawnbrokers?
Prosecutrix. They are not here.
Q. to Stockden. Did you know the prisoner before?
Stockden. No, I never saw her before.
Q. How came you to take them in of her, and never saw her before?
Stockden. Every body wears a gown.
Court. You ought to be more cautious, for you and such as you are the cause of abundance of robberies that are committed.
Stockden. If she had brought dishes, tea-kettles Fettles; or blankets, or such like things, I should have inquired of her about them.
Q. Where do you live?
Stockden. I live with Mr. Watson in Coventry-street, at the upper end of the Hay Market.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been there some time, and was hired to several places, but Mrs. Marshall would not let me go, being very ill, and said she would make it up to me. I had no money, and she said she had none, so I pledg'd these things, thinking to get them again when I got a little money.
Prosecutrix. She lived over-against me some time, she has behav'd very well before this.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


