






342. (M.) 
               
                  Catharine, wife
 of 
                     
                        David 
                        Scott 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing six Holland shirts, value 6 s. one cambrick frock, one Holland apron, three muslin capstwo linnen sheets, and four linnen handkerchiefs
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jos.
                   Franker
               




            , Dec. 25
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Humes 
               



            . I did wash for Mr. Jos. Franker: the goods mentioned in the indictment were taken out of my house about Christmas last : the prisoner at the bar lodged in my house eight or nine months. I found them again, some were in pawn, and some upon the prisoner; she owned she took them, and where she had pawned them.


                  Mary 
                  Williams 
               



            . I am servant to the last witness. My mistress left the prisoner and I together at home: we went both out in the afternoon; I gave her the key; I went to see my acquaintance, and she her sister-in-law: when I came back about six o'clock, I could not get in, and so was forced to go through a neighbour's house. When I got in, I found a chair, with a rush bottom, leaning over the grate, seemingly to take fire, to set the house on fire, and the things mentioned in the indictment missing: I found the shirts at Mrs. Kilpatrick's.


                  Margaret 
                  Kilpatrick 
               



            . I received six shirts from the prisoner at the bar, and lent her 30 s. upon them: she told me she came from Mrs. Humes's, but she was a stranger to me.


                  John 
                  Manning 
               



            . I went with the constable and prisoner to goal, she acknowledged in my hearing the shift on her back belonged to the prosecutor, and that she stole the linnen, and was sorry for it.
Q. to M. Humes. Upon your oath did you give your consent to the prisoner to pawn those things for you?
M. Humes. No, upon my oath, I did not.
Prisoner's Defence.
She gave me the linnen to pawn for her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


