





70. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Boulton 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one quart silver tankard, value 8 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Rice 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Francis
            , November 26
. *.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Rice 
               



            . I am wife to Francis, we keep a public house, the sign of the George in Water-lane Fleet-street




, the prisoner and four or five more men were in my house; they had four or five tankards of beer on Tuesday was se'nnight. I know'd one of them, his name is 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Blew 
               



            ; the others were all strangers, the waiter brought me the reckoning, and said the tankard was not empty, there come in some brewer's servants, while I was talking with them about the tubs they brought in, the waiter missed the tankard, he came to me and asked me if I had taken it away.
Q. Is he here?
E. Rice. He is not, my husband is very ill. so he cannot be out when I am: the company had not quitted the house, only one had been out once, and the prisoner twice. I opened 2 cupboards where I used to put them, it was not in either of them; I looked under the table and said to the men, it is hard I should loose my tankard. I thought they had played the wag with it, I looked at the prisoner and said don't you know of it, he said no; said I to my knowledge, you have been outtwice, he answered he never had been out since he came here to drink, and said many bad words. I sent the maid for a constable unknown to them. The other young men said they were very willing to go to the compter, or where I pleased till I was satisfied. Then Boulton slid towards the door-way, and laid hold on the door to go out. I took hold on the skirt of his coat, and said he should not go out any more than the rest. He said he wanted to make water, then I said he shall go into the cellar. He went down, when he came up again, the constable was come. The prisoner sat down by the table, and said I wanted to persuade him to say he had it. I said, if you have it don't frighten me but let me have it. Then the constable took him into the kitchen with the others. Then Charles Price came out and bid me not be frighted, for I was likely to have my tankard again. Then he went out.


                  Charles 
                  Price 
               



            . I went to this house to have a little beer before I went to work, Boulton called me on one side and asked me to do him a favour, that was to go to Mrs. Daws's for the tankard, or else for her to bring it under her apron. I came out of the kitchen into the tap-room, and told Mrs. Rice, I had heard of her tankard; she ordered the constable to go with me. We went to the woman's house nam'd Dawes, where the tankard was left, but she was not at home; so I went to my work. When we found where the woman was, we went again, she was at the Cart and Horses; we asked her for it. She said the prisoner brought her a tankard. She show'd us where it was, and took it out. She said he told her he found it among some rubbish. She delivered it to the constable, and we brought it to the prosecutrix. They had a warrant against the woman but she is absconded.


                  Anthony 
                  Blew 
               



            . I and some others were drinking together at Mr. Rice's house. The landlady was talking to some brewer's servants about what they charg'd her for some tubs, or something of the like nature. While we were giving attention to them, we missed the tankard.
Q. Did the prisoner sit down with you?
Blew. He did.
Q. Did you see him go out ?
Blew. No I did not. I cannot tell that he was out.
Q. Could he go out and you not see him?
Blew. We were leaning over the settle.


                  John 
                  Woodman 
               



            . I was in the same company. I and another man went to see a person at the glasshouse. We were sent by him to this house, to call for a tankard of beer. The prisoner came in while we were there, then the other person desired the prisoner to step for 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Blew 
               



            , and tell him we wanted him. He did, and brought him; and to reward him for his trouble, the other man asked him to drink. I believe the prisoner did sit down a little while. After this there were some brewer's servants came in, and there was some dispute about some tap-tubs, betwixt our landlady and them; we were giving attention to them, and in the mean time our tankard was gone.
Q. How long had the brewer's servants been in before you missed the tankard ?
Woodman. I believe it might be about 10 minutes.
Q. Did you see the prisoner go out?
Woodman. No I did not, but he had been out, for I saw him come in.
Q. Was that after the brewer's servants came in?
Woodman. It was.


                  John 
                  Brittle 
               



            . I am the constable. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Price 
               



             told me the prisoner had confessed the taking the tankard. He desired me to go to the house of one Daws. I went with Price, she was not at home. We found her after that, I told her we wanted the tankard the prisoner gave her. She said it was below. She went down stairs and stooped under a little dresser in the house. She took the tankard out, and gave it to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Price 
               



            . [The tankard produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutrix.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was drinking in this house with these men. They desired me to go and call 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Blew 
               



            , as soon as I came in I saw the tankard half full of beer, but I know nothing of it any more than the child unborn.
To his Character.


                  Joseph 
                  Jefferson 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 10 or 12 years to be a working man. He was abroad with me. I have trusted him with things of value. He never wronged me.


                  William 
                  Jones 
               



            . I work'd with him about a year ago. He is an honest, hard-working man.


                  Dorothy 
                  Wilmot 
               



            . I have lodged in the house where he lives upwards of a year and a half, and have a great deal of worth in my room. I have trusted him and his wife in my room and never lost any thing. The very day this thing happened, he was in my room alone.


                  Reginald 
                  Trotter 
               



            . I have known him above 7 years. He has work'd in the company's yard, Salisbury-court, in carrying deals, since they have been dissolved, he has work'd as a coal-porter. He had used my house frequently. I have trusted him with tankards. I always looked upon him to be an honest man.


                  Charles 
                  Fountain 
               



            . I have known him betwixt 4 and 5 years. I never heard nothing amiss of his character. He used my house for 2 years. I have trusted him divers times alone.


                  Thomas 
                  Ellice 
               



            . I am clerk to the company where the prisoner worked. He has always behaved civilly, and done his work quietly, and honestly so far as I know.


                  John Gillham 
                  Page 
               



            . I have known him 7 years, and have trusted him in all parts of my house below stairs, and never knew any Ill of him.  


               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


