





381. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bagshaw 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 2 s. two dimitty bed-gowns, two shifts, one dimitty petticoat, one napkin , one pair of cotton stockings, and two linen shirts
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Powle 
                  




                
            , May 16
. +


                  Henry 
                  Powle 
               



            . I have been rob'd twice since the first of May. I keep the Green Dragon, a public house in Drury-lane




. On the 16th of May I heard a great noise up stairs, my house was full of company, and Mrs. Doyle and her daughter were going to bed; as they call'd I ran into the entry, the prisoner flung down a bundle, and I caught him in my arms as he was going out at the door. I took this pick-lock key from him, which he acknowledged he opened the pad-lock with. Produced in court, it was made on purpose to pick locks without any work in it, so as to miss the work of the lock, &c. In the bundle which he threw down were the goods mentioned in the indictment, which he had taken out of the closet: he said his companion was one 
               
                  William 
                  Baldwin 
               



            , who was then over the way pretty tuddled, and I might take him. He said going out of our house, what have I done! I desir'd to be hang'd.


                  Sarah 
                  Doyle 
               



            . My daughter and I were going to bed a little after ten o'clock, with a candle, the 16th of May. We live there. My daughter told me Mr. Powle's closet door was open, and that the pad-lock was taken off. I went to pull the door too as it stood a-jar, and the prisoner from within started against me, and cry'd bo ! I scream'd out, he had something white hung under his arm, upon which he jump'd down stairs directly. I was much affrighted, and in about a quarter of an hour went down, and saw him in custody there.


                  Mary 
                  Cliff 
               



            . I was in the prosecutor's kitchen, and heard the cry, murder, &c. I am servant there, I opened the door at the stair foot, the prisoner came running down, threw the bundle at me, it fell on my head; my master coming along the passage at that time, caught the prisoner in his arms, and carried him into the tap-room. I heard him say he deserved to be hang'd.


                  James 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a lodger in the prosecutor's house. I was drinking a pint of beer there, I heard a great outcry of murder, thieves, &c. the prosecutor ran along the entry and catch'd the prisoner in his arms; said the prisoner, I deserve to be hang'd for it.


                  Michael 
                  Doyle 
               



            . I was in company with Mr. Powle at the same time. I follow'd him and saw him catch the prisoner in his arms, my wife was then upon the stairs in a great agony.
Prisoner's Defence.
Mr. Powle took hold on me , and said. I was a thief, and had rob'd him; 
               
                  William 
                  Baldwin 
               



             ask'd me to go up stairs. I said I had not rob'd him: he went out of the tap-room and brought in these things in his arms.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


