






125. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Weeden 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three cheeses, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Bentley 
                  




                
            , Feb. 10
. +


                  Susannah 
                  Bentley 
               



            . My husband is a cheesemonger
; we live in Leather-lane, Holborn. On the 10th of this month I was in the shop, and thought I saw three Gloucostershire cheeses move which were in the window; but did not see any body lay hold of them. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Griffiths 
               



             ran out, and brought in the prisoner, and three cheeses, my property. (produced in court).


                  Edward 
                  Griffiths 
               



            . On the 10th of February, Mrs. Bentley seeing the cheeses move upon her bulk, I being with her, went out, and at the corner of Leather-lane I saw the prisoner standing with a bundle; I asked him what he had got there? He said, what is that to you? I insisted on seeing what he had, and feeling under his arm, found they were cheeses. I brought him into Mrs. Bently's shop, and he laid them on the compter, and said he found him leaning against a house side at the corner of Leather-lane. He was taken before justice Fielding, and committed.


                  James 
                  Curtice 
               



            . On the 10th of February last I was coming down Holborn, and saw the prisoner in custody of the last evidence. I went with them to the prosecutor's shop, there he partly owned he took them from thence, after that he prevaricated, and said he found them.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming down Holborn; there stood three cheeses on an edge; I went and took them up, and this man came and laid hold of me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


See him an evidence, No. 456, in alderman Rawlinson's mayoralty.
