





187. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Robertson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving 300 weight of lead, knowing it to have been stolen
             by 
               
                  John 
                  Watling 
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Bartlet 
               



            , the property of 
               
                  Jesurun 
                  Albareys 
               




             , Feb. 13
. ++
(See No 156, 157, in the last Sessions Paper).
The prosecutor deposed as on the former trial, with this addition, that the prisoner absconded from the time of the robbery, and was but lately taken.


                  John 
                  Wingrove 
               



            , the accomplice, depos'd as before with this addition, that he was in the prisoner's cellar, with the prisoner, in order to weigh it and take the money for it, when the thief-catchers came to take him; but himself and the prisoner having notice of it got off; that he, and the two others cast last sessions, always had of the prisoner nine shillings a hundred; but this they were not paid for. When they carried the lead they told him what they had got, and he got out of bed and let them in with it.


                  James 
                  Brebrook 
               



            . I am an officer belonging to the Marshalsea Court: on the 13th or 14th of February I had a warrant to search the prisoner's house, which is in Church-lane, Whitechapel


; I went there by the direction of Watling, who wanted to be an Evidence, and told me there were part of the lead there: the prisoner and his wife were very unwilling to let me go down into the cellar; there I track'd the feet of a single man going out backwards in the Snow; I went into the cellar, and found a sack with lead in it, likewise a pair of wallets, in which was the hand of an image, which the prosecutor believes to be his property; we found about 300 weight in all. Robertson; told me he gave a market price for the lead to Wingrove, Watling, and Bartlet. We took Robertson up to Kingsland Road, where was more of the lead; there he finding it was like to go hard with him, he ran away, and was not taken again till last Thursday, and deserted his house, and put a padlock on the door.
Edward Pinches. I was with Brebrook at the time. He confirmed the testimony given by him.


                  Charles 
                  Rimmington 
               



            . I was with Brebrook and Pinches at the time they speak of. He confirmed the account, &c!
Prisoner's Defence.
They found the lead there, but it is none of mine, I did not buy it.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann 
                  Peirce 
               



            . I lodge in his house; I heard somebody at the door; I arose, and let two men in betwixt 6 and 7 o'Clock, some day in February, I dont know the day; they had got a load, I don't know what it was; they left their load in the fore room, and said they'd come again: they enquired for the prisoner and his wife, and I said they were in bed.
Q. Who did they say they left the parcel for?
A. Peirce. They did not say they left it for any body. I went out about my own business, but before that, I told the prisoner there was two parcels left in the sore room: they said they would get up directly. His wife came down, he did not then. I lodged there but about two or three days after.


                  John 
                  Gaul 
               



            . I live at the Bell and Green Man: I have known the prisoner about five years, he was a sea-faring man, and bears a very good character in the neighbourhood.


                  Benj.
                   Hall
               



            . I have known him some time, and never heard any ill of him.



                  Thomas 
                  Ransom 
               



            . I have known him four or five years, and never knew any thing of him but a very quiet civil neighbour. I am a wheelwright, and make use of an anvil, which was taken away; but he came and told me a man had brought such a thing to him to sell, so I had it again.


                  Daniel 
                  Exels 
               



            . I have known him very near a year, and have always heard a very good character of him.


                  William 
                  Beaton 
               



            . I have known him between two and three years a very civil honest man. I saw a woman once offer him two or three pint pots, which he thought were stolen, so would have nothing to do with them.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


