





619. 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Wellam 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 17 s. 6 d. in money
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Harris 
                  




                
            , September 17
.


                  Joseph 
                  Harris 
               



            . On the 17th of last September I was in bed; the prisoner at the bar came and took my breeches from under my head, when I was betwixt sleep and awake, and took out half a guinea and seven shillings. He disturbed me by taking the breeches from under my head. I asked him what he wanted; he said nothing at all, but he was coming to bed. I saw him put the breeches down. I asked him what he had in his hands; he said he had got nothing. I examined his hands, and found half a guinea and seven shillings.
Q. Where was this?
Harris. This was at the Turk's Bagnio, Charing Cross


. I am servant
 there, and so was he; we lay both in one room, but in two different beds. I told my money before I went to bed. I searched him farther, and found four shillings more, which, with the 17 s. 6 d. just made up the money I had before I went to bed.


                  Sophia 
                  Lennoy 
               



            . I saw Mr. Harris bring the prisoner down stairs, the money in one hand, and him in the other. He then said the prisoner had taken it out of his breeches pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. I received half a guinea of the porter that afternoon about four o'clock, I, being not well, went out to get a bottle of stuff. I paid away about 3 s. 6 d. I went to bed between twelve and one o'clock; the prosecutor had a candle burning at his bed's head. I was taking a little money out of my pocket, telling it over; he jumped up and said, you are picking my pocket; he said, what have you got there? I said, nothing of yours. After that, he took his purse out, and told over some gold; then he took me down stairs, and he beat me. On the Wednesday I got a warrant for him, for beating me; then he got a warrant for me, and had me before Justice Fielding, and I was committed.
Q. to the Prosecutor. What, was you at the Bagnio?
Prosecutor. I keep the books, and attend in the Bagnio; and the prisoner was under porter.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


