





130. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Blundell 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing thirty-six knives, val. 4 l. and thirty-six forks, val. 40 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Dawson 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Slathford 
                     



, Jan. 30
. ||


                  Benjamin 
                  Dawson 
               



            . I am a cutler
, and live in Russel street Covent-Garden


; the prisoner at the bar came to my shop, the 30th of January between three and four o'clock, to see some knives and forks, I shew'd him some, he pitched upon three dozen, he chose one dozen of china handles, one dozen of ebony handles, and one dozen of pistol ivory handles with silver ferrels ; he said he liv'd with Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Williams 
               



             in Duke-street, and they were for him, they came to 6 l. 17 s. he desired me to make a bill, and write a receipt, in the name of Sir Robert Williams, which I did; he said his master Sir Robert, was to have a great deal of company, and that they should want a great many more, I called my boy, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hichcock 
               



            , and gave them to him to crazy, and the bill and receipt; when he returned, he told me how the prisoner had bilk'd him out of them; on the day following I went about to the pawnbrokers, to see if I could find any of them, and at one in German street, named Gunston, there I found the dozen of ebony ones, they were pawn'd in the names of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Colling 
               



            's, then I went to seek after Colling's, and found him, he said he knew Blundell, I asked him when he saw him, he said he had not since the Sunday before, but he was to meet him at the 2 Chairmen on the Southwark-side near Westminster-Bridge-foot ; there I went, and took the prisoner, then he own'd he had the knives and forks, and intended to send me a letter that night, that he intended to pay me for them, as soon as he could, he told me where he had sold the other two dozen; I knew the person where he had sold them, I sent for him, so had them again. The three dozen produced in court and deposed to.
Q. from the Prisoner. Did not you sell knives and forks?
Dawson. I did not, I wrote a receipt in Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Williams 
               



            's name, and gave it to the prisoner, the prisoner said when he had got the bill and receipt, but suppose Sir Robert should be at dinner, may the boy leave them for an hour? to which I answered, he might; and I deliver'd the knives into the custody of the boy, and expected my boy to receive the money of Sir Robert, but there was no Sir Robert William's liv'd where he said.


                  Thomas 
                  Hichcock 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dawson, I was sent with the prisoner, by my master, to carry these knives and forks; the prisoner said suppose his master should be at dinner . I shall want to have them left for half an hour or three quarters, my master said he had no objection to that, but bid me not deliver the bill with the receipt till the money was paid; going along, the prisoner asked me how long the gentleman, that kept the shop before, had been dead, I told him I did not know; he said his master had been a good customer to him, and if he had known he had been dead he should not have come so far for the knives, for here are several hard-ware shops nearer; coming to go into St. James's-Park, he bid me to put the knives under my coat that I might not be stopped by the centinels, but he said some of them knew he liv'd in the Park, I could not hide them all conveniently, so I gave him two dozen to put under his coat.
Q. Which of the dozens did you deliver to him?
Hichcock. They were done up in papers, I can't say which they were, he had me down to a chapel, when he came to the gate, he pretended to be much in a fright, because it was his master's dinner time, that he should stay so long, and said to himself, how came I to be such a fool to stay so long, and said you may go, and call in about three quarters of an hour's time, which I refused to do, then he said he'd go and try the other door; then we wen into Duke street, and came up to a door, he dit not push, but look'd in at a window, and caused the porter for not being in the way, and said ad could not get in; then we went round to the Pare again, and staid there a little time, there came man in a livery, and gave a push at the gate, tea try if it was locked ; then the prisoner said to him, we are both locked out; upon that the man went away directly, after a little time, he proposed to go into an she could just by to drink a pint of beer, to which I consented, it was near to Story's-Gate coffee-house, we went into a parlour, there was a soldier and another man, he said, here are people about business; they answered our business will soon be done, he called for a pint of beer; he laid down the two dozen of knives upon the table, upon which he told me I might as well lay mine down, which I did; he was very impatient for the pint of beer, and call'd out again to the landlord for it, when it came, I believe we drank each of us twice, I proposed going just out at the gate, to see whether the gate belonging to the house, was open, I did, and upon my return, the prisoner, and knives and forks were gone.
Q. What is the landlord's name?
Hichcock. His name his Slathford .
Q. to the Prosecutor. What were the value of them?
Prosecutor. The bill was made,
The China handles, 3 guineas;
The ebony, 2 guineas ;
The pistol ivory, 32 shillings.
(The Evidence continues.) I then went to the gate and rang for a considerable time, but no body came, then I came home.
Q. When did you see the prisoner after this?
Hichcock. I saw him before the justice, he did not deny the having them, and said he did not intend to defraud my master of them, but intended to make him satisfaction for them, in a year's time .


                  Robert 
                  Sparling 
               



             . I keep a cutler's shop, the prisoner brought the two dozen of ivory and China handles to me, I live in St. James's-Market; he wanted to know if I would buy them, this was on the 20th of January, about a quarter before seven o'clock, he brought three dozen, I bought two dozen of them, the other he did not open, he said they were for some body else.
Q. What did you give for the two dozen?
Sparling . I gave him thirty-nine shillings for them, I had not bought any china handles before now; I understand they are worth what the prosecutor says; had he shew'd me the ebony ones, I should have known them directly, for they are marked on the blades .
Prisoner's Defence.
On the 29th of January I accidentally met a person named Edward's, whom I knew in North-Wales, he told me he was glad to see me, and that he had an order from a gentleman, to buy 3 dozen of genteel knives, and that he did not understand them; he was to receive some money in town and was disappointed, and wanted me to lend him money to pay for them, till he got into the country; then he'd return it me from Westchester, I told him I had none, then he asked me if I was acquai nted with any cutler, that I could have credit for him a little time, I told him I did know one, that I had dealt with eight or ten years; but I had not seen him for two years, but I would go the next day and try, I went, and when I came to the shop, I saw Mr. Dawson, he asked me what I wanted, I told him to look at some knives and forks, for a person that wanted some, I asked him where the master of the shop was, he said he had been dead some time, but he remember'd my using the shop, when I found the person was dead, I did not say any thing to him about giving me credit for them; he shew'd me two dozen which I was very willing to take, but the china handles I refused three times over, he perswaded me to take them, at last I said he might put them up if he pleased, we agreed for price, and he parcelled them up, and asked me who he was to make the bill to; but first of all, I should have mentioned I asked this Edwards, who these knives were for; he said one Williams, and mentioned some place where he liv'd near Harding, but I can't remember the name of the gentleman's seat, I bid the prosecutor set every thing down in the bill by itself, he said must they be cast up in three places, I said no, only the sum cast up; said he, shall I write a receipt? I said no, you had better not write a receipt? may be the money may not be paid upon the delivery of the goods, if you do, write it at some distance, that it may be torn off without blemishing the bill, so he wrote the receipt two inches below the other; coming out of the shop, I said, in case the money is not paid directly, may your servant leave them with me, till another time? he said yes, provided the receipt be torn off the bill; when we came to Spring-Gardens, the servant gave me two of the dozens and he never had them after, or came near them, when we had waited at the gate, we went into a publick-house, I sat just within the door, he went and sat at the further end of the room, when we had sat a little while, I said, give me the other dozen, that I may put them with these that I have, which he did, and he went back again, and never touch'd them, we said the space of twenty minutes, then he proposed to go out, and as I thought I had bought the knives and forks, I thought the matter was not material whether I waited his coming back or not; so I took them up and went to Smithfield, to the inn where this Edwards said he put up his horse, there the people said they knew no such person, then I thought I had certainly mistaken the sign, I inquired at several other inn, but could not find him out, then I thought there could be no harm as I had bought the knives and forks, in my disposing of them as I thought proper, and all that I had to do was to wait a little out of Mr. Dawson's sight till I could raise the money to pay him.
To his Character.


                  Richard 
                  Wright 
               



            . I live at the Lamb at Lamb's-Conduit, near the Foundling Hospital. I have known the prisoner almost twenty years ; about seven years ago, he lodged in my house about half a year, at that time, had I been to go out for a day or two, I should have chose him to have look'd after my affairs till my return, as soon as any man I know.
Q. Have you known him down to this time?
Wright. No, I have not known any thing of him since that-time; he went from my house to live with Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Mason 
               



             .




               Guilty thirty-nine shillings
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


