





224. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Boswell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one wicker basket, value 2 d. and 70 pounds weight of butter, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Robinson 
                  




                
            , June 9
. ++



                  Roger 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I had a basket of butter of 70 pounds weight, brought to the Saracen's head inn yard, within Aldgate. I desired the porter to put it with others in the warehouse; but that I believe was not put in.
Q. Did you see it in the yard?
Robinson. I saw it standing by the warehouse door.


                  James 
                  Drain 
               



            . I was going in at the Inn gate, I met the prisoner with a basket of butter on his shoulder. I call'd hollo; he made no answer, but walked as fast as he could. When he came to the gate he threw the basket from his shoulder and ran away.
Q. What time was this?
Drain. This was about half an hour after ten at night. I ran after him up Leaden-hall-street. I pursued him, and brought him back to my master's house. He said, are you sure I am the man? I said, I was. He was taken before an Alderman.
Q. Did you hear him examined?
Drain. I did. He denied the fact.
Q. Are you now sure he is the man that had the basket of butter on his shoulder?
Drain. I am sure he is. But he has altered his dress since I took him.
Q. Did you ever see him before?
Drain. No. I never did.
Q. How near to him was you when he went out of the yard?
Drain. I was close by him, and followed him close to his heels as he ran.
Q. How near the place where he threw the basket down was it that you took him?
Drain. It may be 20 or 30 yards. I did not see him take it up, but before he had carried it three yards I saw him.


                  Grace 
                  Kettle 
               



            . I was at the Saracen's head at the time. I observed the prisoner walking about in the yard about half an hour past nine at night. I observed him well, and am sure he is the man. I thought he wanted to pick me up.


                  William 
                  Fowles 
               



            . On the 9th of June, after ten o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner at the bar with a flat of butter on his shoulder coming out of the Saracen's inn-yard, within Aldgate. He threw it from his shoulder and ran away, which made me imagine he had stole it. The chamberlain and I both went after him, and took him. The basket produced, and deposed to.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been at Bow-fair, and was going along the street; they said I had stole a man's basket out of the yard. This woman said she saw me in the yard; but before the Alderman she said the contrary.
For the Prisoner.
Mr. Chiseline. I have known the prisoner many years.
Q. What is his character?
Chiseline. I never knew any ill of him in my life.
Q. What is he?
Chiseline. He is a journeyman baker.
Mr Noteer. I have known the prisoner betwixt two and three years.
Q. What are you?
Noteer. I keep a publick-house. He has been there six or seven times in a week, and several hours at a time. I never knew any ill of him.
Q. What business had he in your house so often?
Noteer. He is one of his Majesty's Palace-Court officers, so am I.
John Downs. I have known him about two or three years. I never heard any ill of him.
Mr Ward. I have known him five or six years; he once lived with me, and my mother; we kept a Baker's shop in More-fields; I am a Carpenter, by trade; he never was drunk in the time; but he us'd to lay out money, and do the business, with care and industry; he has been trusted with twenty or thirty pounds, at a time.


                  Roger 
                  Boswell 
               



            . I am the prisoner's Brother: he always behaved honest, careful, and industrious; that was his character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


