





60. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Steel 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth cloak, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Bourne 
                  




                
            , widow
, December 23
.


                  Margaret 
                  Bourne 
               



            . I lost my cloak, but know nothing of the prisoner, not being in the shop.
Mary Gofton. Mrs. Bourne is my mother. On the 23d of December the prisoner came to my mother's shop, and asked for a striped camblet gown; I asked her whether she would have a new one or an old one; she said, a second-hand one; I told her we had never a one; but my mother called out and said, we have a second-hand cotton one. Another woman came and asked me if I would buy a petticoat. After I had done talking to the other woman, I turned to go into the shop, and saw a cloak under the prisoner's apron; after she was gone out of the shop, I asked my mother where she put such a cloak, and she told me; I then missed it, but the prisoner was gone quite away. After this, my sister came and told me she had taken the prisoner with the cloak on, so I went and found her in her kitchen with it on, and my brother took it off; I know it to be my mother's property.


                  Esther 
                  Wildman 
               



            . My sister came about five o'clock that day, and told me a girl (describing her) had stole a cloak. About ten o'clock the prisoner came into my shop and asked to see a camblet gown; before I could come to her, she went to the end of the shop and took a pair of stays; I seeing them, pushed her into the kitchen, and, thinking her to be the person that stole my mother's cloak, sent for my sister, who came and said the cloak she had on was my mother's property, so she was thereupon secured.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into the prosecutrix's shop to ask for a second-hand gown, and she said she had never a such a one; so I went out of the shop, and then over the water. After that, I went back into the other woman's shop, who stopped me, and said I had stole her cloak.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


