





326. (L). 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Riley 
                  



               
            , was indicted for that 


               he with two other persons unknown, did steal forty-six pounds weight of lead, value four shillings
            , the property of the 
               
                  worshipful
                   company of fishmongers
               




            , June 29
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Barber 
               



            . I am porter to the fishmongers company, besides the general charge in the great repairing of the hall, I had a particular charge to have a particular watch. I have had great reason to believe the hall had been robb'd, especially on the 26th of June, though I saw the carpenters fasten the door, and staid myself half an hour after that. Then I went home to get me a mouthful of supper. And when I came back, to my surprize found both doors of the hall open that leads into the hall, which gave me a strong suspicion that all things was not right, so I was determined to watch more narrowly; and on Friday the 29th, I went into the hall about the evening, and as I thought every thing was safe, and coming back to my own house which is but a few doors from the hall, (I had not got in, but set down at my own bench) I saw the prisoner and two other labourers, (one of them I very well know, as well as the prisoner, the other I do not know), go up Miles's-lane, with something cover'd; seeing of them go by I judged by the weight that seem'd to be under their arms, that it was lead, and I supposed where they were going to a house of ill repute in my own neighbourhood, did not detect them in the street, but followed them up the lane. The hindermost man either was heavier loaded, or feebler, for he lag'd behind, so that if I had waited for him, I had mist seeing the prisoner; (for I knew the prisoner, he had work'd in the hall a long time). I pushed by the hindermost man, and follow'd the prisoner, and the other labourer into the house of Mr. John Fowler, a dealer in iron, and other things of that nature, in Crooked lane; they went straight up unto the west door of the shop, and pass'd by the master of the shop who stood straightening of nails, he took no notice of them no more than though he had never saw them. I pushed by the master and went after the prisoner, who then had turn'd into one corner of the shop, where there hung a pair of scales, the prisoner at the bar, as I firmly believe, dropt from him a piece of lead; I said to him, You villian, you have stole this lead, which he denied, and made some small resistance, the other labourer had got rid of his burden, and run out at the fouth door of the shop, then the master of the shop came up to me, and took me by the shoulder, and said, don't make such a noise, I want to speak with you, supposing he wanted me to smother the matter; I told him I regarded the Fish-mongers company so much, that as I was constable, I would charge him to aid and assist me down to Fish-mongers-hall


 with the prisoner; the piece of lead which dropp'd from him I had taken down with him to the hall, then I sent for the company's clerk, he came and gave me charge of the prisoner, in behalf of the company; the master of the shop then applyed to me, that I would detain him no longer ; on which I said, I would not, on condition you produce the other piece of lead, which I supposed the other labourer had dropped in the shop; I went to Mr. alderman Scott's, he was not to be spoke with, or was not at home, I can't say which; then I came up Crooked-lane, and called at Mr. Fowler's, and his servant delivered me the other piece of lead; we took the prisoner before the sitting alderman, there he confess that Williamson, (the chief in the work,) gave it to him to make drink of.
Q. Did you ever take a view of the hall to see where the lead was taken from?
Barber. I went up with the plumber's servant, and there was lead missing from off the chimnies.


                  William 
                  Ames 
               



            . I am the plumber, my servant carried the lead up to the chimnies, and it fitted exactly to the brick work. (He produced the lead.)
Q. to Barber. Are you sure that is the lead that fell from the prisoner?
Barber. It was delivered to me being constable, my lord, it has never been out of my custody.
Q. from the prisoner to Barber. When first you followed those two men, did not you take hold of one by the collar, and say, D - n you, now I have got you?
Barber. No, I laid hold on none but the prisoner at the bar ; and as for the expression d - n you, I will appeal to him to know whether ever he heard me swear an oath.


                  John 
                  Homeward 
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Ames the plumber, I was at the measuring the lead, and fitted the pieces on, and found them to answer.

Prisoner's Defence.
I work'd a matter of one year and half at Fishmonger's-hall from time to time, and nobody could lay any dishonesty to me; he let the two men go that did the fact, and took me.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Speakman 
               



            . I have known the prisoner seven years, he is a bricklayer's labourer, and he has work'd for me about four years, but I never knew any thing dishonest of him.


                  Patrick 
                  Campbell 
               



            . The prisoner has lodged with me these five years, I am a brewer's servant, and never heard any other but a very good character; he work'd very hard for his living.


                  Richard 
                  Maucutt 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about half a year, and never heard any thing but what he was a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Wiltshaw 
               



            . I am a labourer, and used to labour along with him about a year and half, and always saw that he was a hard working man, and bore a very good character.


                  Felix 
                  Fox 
               



            . I have known him these five years, his general character is that of an honest hard working man.


                  Margaret 
                  Riley 
               



            . I am his own sister, and a widow with three small children; he has supported me and my children, and was very good to me, I never knew any dishonesty by him in my life.


                  Thomas 
                  Draper 
               



            . I never knew any thing but honesty by him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


