





374. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one gold watch with a shagreen case, one diamond ring, a cornelian seal, one purse and ten guineas in gold, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Kirk 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Kirk
            , May 7
.


                  William 
                  Kirk 
               



            . I live in Lillypot-lane , Aldersgate


 without. I am a shagreen case maker
, the Prisoner is my apprentice
, he has been bound, come August next, two years. He is seventeen years of age. I was in the country when this was done, a neighbour came on horseback, and told me of it. I came home directly, there I found my chamber door, which before was double lock'd, broke open; also a buroe, and a little till within it, were both broke open. I missed a 20 l. bank note out of the till, he cannot read, he denies ever taking it. Out of the chest of drawers, which I believe was not lock'd, I miss'd the gold watch. I found a little cupboard in the same room broke open. My wife came home and found a lock broke of a cupboard, where she miss'd ten guineas, this was in the room by the buroe. I took him with the things upon him, and he own'd every thing last Friday.
[Martha, wife to the prosecutor, who was out of town with him at that time, confirm'd the above account.]


                  Mary 
                  Asgue 
               



            . I thought the prisoner went to bed on Sunday, the 6th of May, at past ten o'clock. In the morning, about six o'clock, when the man rung the bell, I went to let him in, I had like to have fallen down over an iron bar, where also lay a screw-driver. I saw my master's chamber door broke open that I had the key of, there were two keys lay at the door when my master came home, he saw the buroe broke open. The rest as the prosecutor had said.
Sampson Fairbass. I live at Dover; on Friday the 8th of May, I happen'd to be in company with one Mr. Law, a watchmaker, he told me he had got a letter with an advertisement in it, of a young man who had robb'd his master; and also, that he had a young man with him that answer'd that advertisement. I said, why did not you secure him? He said, he wanted some body with him, so we went and sat down in a publick room where he used, and he came in; a man sitting there, call'd him Sir George. The man said again to him, are not you from Shropshire ? He said, yes. Is your name John Davis? Yes, said he. Then I charged him with robbing his master, he confess'd it directly, and said he would deliver all the things to me, which he did. He told me he intended to go over to France.




               Guilty of felony , acquitted of the burglary
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


