





432. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Heath 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one thirty-six shilling piece
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hodson 
                  




                
            , Oct. 20
. ++
Thomas Hodson. I lost a thirty six shilling piece out of my room.
Q. When did you lose it?
Hodson. I had it the night before last, and last night I had it not.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
Hodson. He was plaistering my room. I had put it in a little box, and set it on a little ledge in the room.
Q. Did he work in that room alone?
Hodson. I was at work on board a ship, at coal-heaving, at the time. I did not see him plaistering there, for the work was done when I came home, and the next morning I found the empty box on the floor.


                  Peter 
                  Dible 
               



            . The prosecutor lodges in my house, and the prisoner was plaistering the room. When I was told the thirty-six shilling piece was lost, I went to enquire after the prisoner, and found he had changed a thirty six shilling piece, and paid his rent, and bought things to wear. I asked him about it. He said he did not know what a thirty-six shilling piece was. I secured him, and took him before justice Bury, and there he said he found it amongst the rubbish in the room.
Mr. Gibbs. I lodge in the same room the prosecutor does. The room was repaired, and the prisoner was the plaisterer. The prosecutor shew'd me the money in the box the day before yesterday. When he had taken the prisoner before the justice, there was Mr. Bannister, who said he changed a thirty-six shilling piece for the prisoner, and the prisoner there said he found it among the rubbish.


                  John 
                  Fulligen 
               



            . I heard the prisoner say he had been with his landlord, had changed a thirty-six shilling piece, and paid his rent.
Q. Where was this ?
Fulligen. It was at the Red-Lion, by Wellclose-Square.
Prisoner. I was taking up the rubbish, and pick'd up this thirty-six shilling piece; I did not know what it was upon my honour.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


