






100, 101. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Holland 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Willis 
                  



                
            , spinster, were indicted for 


               stealing seven yards of tabby, six yards of damask, one yard and a half of silk, one damask gown, one tabby gown, two silk gowns, one silk petticoat, one callico petticoat, one linnen sack, all laid to the value of upwards of three pounds, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Farrel 
                        




                      
                  , widow, in the dwelling house of the said Jane
            , December 7
. ++


                  Jane 
                  Farrel 
               



            . I live in New-broad-court, Long-acre


, these two People took a lodging in my house, three Weeks before christmas day; they went for man and wife, they agreed with me for 3 s. per week, ready furnished ; they told me to enquire their character in a court at Fetter-land; I don't know the people's name; I went, they said the prisoners had not been in their house but a fornight; I told the prisoners to send me to another, that could give a better account of them; they came before I had opportunity to enquire; and in the very night they came I heard them quarrel, I woke out of my bed, and desired they would not disturb the rest of my lodgers; the next morning I desired they would seek for another lodging at night; they made very little reply, in the night they quarrelled again, I arose out of my bed again, and desired them to desist, the next day I said I insisted upon their going away; he said he knew more of the law than I did, and it should cost me eight pounds, if I insisted upon it; I went and asked advice; at last the man said he would go; she went away on the Saturday morning, and he about two o'clock in the afternoon ; the box which had these goods in it, stood below; I went down to open it, and found the lock did not open as usual, and it was quite empty; it stood three months in my kitchen, before they came to my house: there were in it a blue tabby gown unmade, seven breadths in the skirt, a pink damask night gown, a flowered yellow silk gown, a water'd gown, a white callico petticoat; a yellow quilted coat, six breadths of white damask, a yard and a half of silk with a flesh colour'd ground; I expected him in the morning, he came in and went out again.
Q. When had you seen the things last?
J. Farrel. They were there when the prisoner came into the house, and I lifted the box the Sunday following into another place; it then was heavy.
Q. What time did you miss the things?
J. Farrel. I missed them on Saturday was seven-night after they came: when we went out that time I was speaking of, he left word, if his wife should come he would be in presently. I ran out, and left the candle in the room, to get somebody to take him, there being nobody in the house; before I came again he had opened the parlour door and took the key and was gone. On the Monday morning following I went with a bit of the same of one of the gowns, and found it at Mr. Beesley's a pawnbroker in St. Martin's-lane. I found also a yellow petticoat, and another gown, at Mr. Frear's in Budge-Row. I took the woman and carried her to Justice Fielding's; there she confessed where the rest of the things were; that some of them were at another pawnbroker's in Aldersgate street. [The Goods were produced in court, and deposed to] I had observed, when they were at my house, the woman would carry things out in her apron.


                  George 
                  Tuffs 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Frear's. On Saturday the 14th of Dec. the two prisoners pledged the pink gown with me; they passed for man and wife. I had seen the woman wear the gown; she had a linnen gown out, and left that.


                  William 
                  Turner 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Beesley. The woman bought the yellow gown and petticoat to me the 9th of Dec. I saw nothing of the man.


                  Mary 
                  Lenoy 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 9th of Dec. the two prisoners came together as man and wife; they said these good were their own; I took them in: they were left in the name of Thomas and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Matthews 
               



            . She shewed the man's hand writing on a bit of paper, and produced a bundle of the things mentioned.
Holland's Defence.
I never delivered any thing of the writing, nor do I know any thing of the things.
Willis's Defence.
I never delivered any thing to the people. I cannot either write or read: I never stole the things I'll assure you.
To her Character.


                  Tho 
                  Nichols 
               



            . I have known Willis this Year; I can give her an honest character as any in the world. She went for 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Holland 
               



            's wife; when he was out of business he went one way and she another. She used to come to the house where I lodged.
Both 


               Guilty 39 s.
            






[Transportation. See summary.]


