





435 . 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Fuller 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one shirt, val. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Hoy 
                  




                
            , June 18
.


                  Hannah 
                  Bennington 
               



            . I lost this shirt the same day it was found, which was the 18th of June, out of my bed room. I live in Shoreditch


; it was pawned at one Mr. Bonivel's house.
Q. Did you see the prisoner in your room?
H. Bennington. I did, and missed the shirt the minute after. It is the property of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hoy 
               



            .


                  Thomas 
                  Bonivel 
               



            . The prisoner brought this shirt to me to pawn the 18th of June. I questioned him if it was his own, he said it was his brother's; I said, where is your brother? he said at a house in Petticoat lane ; accordingly I took it in, and about three hours after my next door neighbour came and said to me we have got a thief; they wanted to carry him before a magistrate; I being head borough I went to see him and knew him again, then I found he had stole this shirt. I put the shirt in my pocket and carried him before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gore 
               



             : this woman was asked whether there was a mark on the shirt; she said there was, either black or blue. I looked and found it to be as she described, so he was committed.
Prisoner's Defence. This pawnbroker takes in things on Sundays: I told him if he took in any thing of my wife's I would take him up; so the next day he took me up for stealing a shirt, he said.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


