





241. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gordon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 24 shillings in money, numbered, the money of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Meech 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Aug. 24
. +


                  Henry 
                  Meech 
               



            . On the 24th of August last I was at the Red-Cross, at Charing-Cross


, drinking a little, I happened to fall a-sleep about half an hour after 8 in the morning.
Q. Was you fuddled ?
Meech. No, I was much fatigued with business over night, and drinking part of 2 or 3 pots of beer.
Q. What happened to you?
Meech. The prisoner picked my pocket of twenty-four shillings.
Q. How do you know that if you was a-sleep?
Meech. I have a witness here to prove that?
Q. Was you in a publick room?
Meech. It was in the publick tap-room.
Q. Had the prisoner been in your company that morning?
Meech. No, he had not; but I can't say but that I saw him that morning in the room.
Q. How long did you sleep?
Meech. It may be about half an hour or three quarters, then one 
               
                  William 
                  Adkins 
               



             awak'd me, and told me he had seen the prisoner at the bar put his hand into my pocket twice, I searched my pocket and missed my money.
Q. Was the prisoner in the room when you awaked ?
Meech. He was;

Q. What pocket was your money in?
Meech. It was in my breeches left side pocket.
Q. What money was it?
Meech. It was 24 s. all in silver. Upon this I insisted upon having my money again, he refused it; there was another person with him, he went off, we took the prisoner before justice Lediard, and he after a time confessed the fact.
Q. What were the words he made use of!
Meech. He said he was guilty, and that it was the first fact. He likewise said the money which he had about him was my property, and the remainder of it the other man was gone off with, and said his name was 
               
                  William 
                  Price 
               



            .
William Adkins. Betwixt 6 and 7 o'clock on Sunday morning, five weeks ago, I proposed to meet a friend of mine at the Red Cross; I went in and there saw the prosecutor asleep in the corner.
Q. Was you acquainted with him before?
Adkins. No. I called for half a pint of cyder, there I saw the prisoner sitting by the prosecutor, and there was another man sitting by the prisoner (they were both soldiers.)
Q. Were either of them near the prosecutor?
Adkins. The other man was close by him, and the prisoner was on the other side of a narrow table. I saw him put his hand over the table, and put it into the prosecutor's breeches pocket twice, as he was asleep.
Q. How wide was the table?
Adkins. It was about eighteen or twenty inches wide. I said to the prisoner, friend, you are doing a wrong thing, to a man that is asleep; he said I had no business with it. The second time I saw him take out four, five, or six shillings.
Q. Did you see the money?
Adkins. I saw it in his hand. I am sure there were four or five, if not more.
Q. What did he do with it?
Adkins. He put it in his pocket, and the man on the other side, said, let me give you 2 s. 6 d. for that half crown, which he did.
Q. Did you see him take that half crown?
Adkins. No, I did not, I saw none but shillings.
Q. Were there any other people in the room?
Adkins. There were a man and a servant maid there at the time, she was cleaning the room, there was no body but myself took any notice about it. I said to the man, when he awaked, pray, Sir, how much money have you in your pocket? he said, what is that to you? I said to be sure it is nothing to me, but I saw that man (meaning the prisoner) take some money out of your pocket. Then he said he had four or five and twenty shillings in his pocket, he put his hand in and said it was all gone.
Q. Which pocket did he put his hand in?
Adkins. His left hand breeches pocket; the same pocket which the prisoner put his right hand into, and take the money out. I desired him to give the prosecutor his money again, but he would not. Then the prosec utor desired I would see him righted. We took him before the justice, there he was searched, and five or six shillings was found upon him. He said two of them were his own, and that it was the first fact he had ever committed.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming from my quarters that morning, and saw the prosecutor, a soldier, and two women, who had been drinking together all night in Covent-garden; they asked me if I would go and drink share of a dram; I went along with them, we had half a pint of gin: one of the women that was along with them, said, they had had seven or eight pots of drink. They then went from thence to the Red Cross at Charing Cross; there the prosecutor fell fast asleep, and when he awaked he said he had so much money in his pocket on Saturday night, but that he had been with some vile women, and could not tell what was become of it.
Q. to Prosecutor. Are you very certain you had this money in your pocket when you went to sleep?
Prosecutor Yes, I am, for I counted it while I was in that house.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


