






493. (L.) 
               
                  Priscilla, wife of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Davis 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, val. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Strahan 
                  




                
            , Sept 17
 ++


                  William 
                  Strahan 
               



            . I live in Shoe-lane, and am a Printer
 ; the prisoner sells greens, oysters, &c. near my house, my back door generally stands open to let in the men, the prisoner came in that way and took it out of the kitchen; on Monday the 17th of September she was taken and carried before my lord mayor, and she confessed the taking of it.


                  Samuel 
                  Prior 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, on Monday the 17th of September this spoon (producing one) was brought to me to pawn by the prisoner at the bar, I ask'd her whose it was; she said, what was that to me whose it was; she asked 8 shillings upon it. I told her I would know whose it was before I lent any money upon it; I kept the spoon in my hand, and when she found I would not give it to her again, she said it was a young woman's that was at her house: I said I would go with her, and carry the young woman the money. I went along with her, but as I went along she said I must not see the young woman, and that I should not go to her house; so I then carried it home, and next day a young woman came for the spoon, but as she could give no particular description of it, I would not let her have it.
Ann Green. I am servant to Mr. Strahan; I left a pan at the prisoner's house, and told her she might bring it home; she came and brought the pan home, and put it into the kitchen, and when she found nobody was there she took the spoon and put it into the pan, and carried it back again to her own house; some time after she sent to me and confessed that she took it after the manner that I have describ'd; we missed it about a quarter of an hour before she sent.
Prisoner's Defence.
The pan was brought to my house by the last witness, it was a kitchen-stuff pan, and, indeed my lord, the spoon was in the pan among the stuff. I sent and told her it was in the pan ; she desired I would not say any thing about it, for she would not have her master know it.
Q. to Green. Was their kitchen stuff in the pan?
Green. No, it was empty.
For the Prisoner.


                  Matthew 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I have known the prisoner a great many years ; she never wrong'd me, but I have heard that she has others.



               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


