





317. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cowdell 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Butt 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said John
            , February 21
. ++
>
               
                  John 
                  Butt 
               



            . I live in Virginia-street St. George's parish


, the prisoner came to my house on Ash-wednesday, he said he came to tell me of a friend of mine one 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Jones 
               



             that lives in Jamaica, saying, he had sent me a present of a pot of Tamarinds and some Rum, he described the man every way; he making the thing out so plainly I thought it was right; he said these things were coming from Portsmouth to the White-hart in the Borough, and that his brother was along with it; then he said he had been robbed in coming from Portsmouth of nine shillings and some odd half pence, by some thieves that met him upon Putney-common; I took pity on him and gave him some supper and a pot of gin hot, and let him lie in a good clean bed, he lay there till the next day at ten o'clock; then I gave him a breakfast and a pot of brandy hot, I sell coals
; I went out with two bushels of coals, I believe I was not gone 7 minutes. I left him in my house, and my watch in a closet in my kitchen; when I returned the man and watch were both gone, I had seen the watch but two or three minutes before.
Q. Was the closet locked?
Butt. It was only hasp'd, he came to me in the name of Thomas Hall, my wife was in the shop serving of some butter the same time, I went to see for him but could not catch him, but here is a gentleman that stop'd the watch, he advertised I think the 23d of February. The watch produced in court and deposed to. A lad and a woman came and told me the prisoner was at a house in Penitent-street on the 27th, they described him as plain as could be, I went there and there was the man; I took hold on him and gave him an ugly fail and took him before the Justice.


                  George 
                  Delenia 
               



            . I stop'd the watch, I happened to be at an alehouse, the prisoner came in and said he had been robbed of seven guineas and a half, but happened to save his watch in the sob of his trowsers, and that he had pawned it for 15 shillings, and if any man there would take it out he would sell it; he said he had bought it at Portsmouth, then he said he bought it in Jamaica; he asked five pounds for it, then he drop'd at once to thirty shillings; we thought proper after we had fetch'd it out of pawn to stop and advertise it, then the prosecutor came and owned it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have served the king during the war, and I never had such a thing laid to my charge in my life time before.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


