






141, 142. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Barter 
                  



                
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  Margaret
                   otherwise 
                  
Mary Gill
               



            , widow
, were indicted for 


               stealing one pound weight of silk, value 4 s. eighteen wooden bobbins, with four pounds weight of silk bound round the same, value 30 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pearson 
                  




                
            , June 4
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Pearson 
               



            . I live in Lemon-street, Goodman's-fields, and am a silk throwster
; I employed the prisoners some time in winding and drawing of silk; they came to me in December, 1752; I employed Gill till December, 1754, and 
               
                  Esther 
                  Baxter 
               



             till Easter, 1754; they worked as day servants in my house for some time last past; I have lost considerable quantities of silk, and could not form any idea what became of it. About December, 1754, I suspected 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Gill 
               



            , she had quitted my service about a fortnight or three weeks; I had information there were bobbins of mine and silk in her house; I sent to them both, as they lived together, to come up to my house on the 31st of December; accordingly they came; I carried them before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gore 
               



            ; they would not confess any thing. I have had extreme losses in having silk and bobbins taken away, my books have been continually deficient in the account.
Q. Could the silk and bobbins be taken away without your knowledge ?
Pearson. Yes: on my mill is one hundred and sixty bobbins; there are always a number of bobbins-given out, may-be ten or twenty, in order to supply the mill; as often as a bobbin runs empty in the mill, they put a full one in, and take that out; and if a servant makes a mistake in telling a number of bobbins to the mill, the person has an opportunity of taking that bobbin away; we deliver them all full, and they return them empty; if they return us our number of empty bobbins, we know not but they have been honest; if they have taken away full ones, and drawn the silk off at their own homes, they can put in an empty bobbin, instead of a full one, then they may take away a full one for themselves every time they go out of the shop; for we suppose every empty bobbin they return they had away full.


                  Mary 
                  James 
               



            . I live in George-street, Ratcliff-highway; in the beginning of June I saw goods belonging to Mr. Pearson (both bobbins and silk) in the prisoner's lodging, they both live together, I worked at Mr. Pearson's house as they did.
Q. Did you work there when they did?
M. James. I did, when 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Gill 
               



             did.
Q. What number of bobbins and silk did you see at their lodging?
M. James. I cannot say the direct number.
Court. Let the court know how you knew they were Mr. Pearson's bobbins.
M. James. Because the first letter of his name was on them.
Q. What letter is that?
M. James. It was a P.
Q. Have you any other reason to know they were his than by that letter being on them?
M. James. No, I have not; only I know there is no other name of that letter in the trade.
Q. Was it only P?
M. James. It was, if there are two of a name in the trade, then one is wrote out at large; I took up one of them and asked Baxter how she came by that? she took it out of my hands, and said, what is that to me; I did not know but she might have them out of Mr. Pearson's shop to wind; I had not known her long then.
Q. to prosecutor. Is it customary with you to deliver bobbins out in order to be worked at their own houses?
Prosecutor. Yes, it is, my lord, it would be impossible to carry on business without doing it. I have had about 800 work-people myself.
Q. to M. James. What sort of silk was this you saw?
M. James. It was silk round the bobbins, and a bundle of skains wrapped in a coarse cloth.
Q. Did you know whose silk it was?
M. James. I can't say whose.


                  Barbara 
                  Lawson 
               



            . I have known both the prisoners a great many years. I went to Mrs. Winter's house in the beginning of June last, she told me she had got a considerable quantity of silk in her house, I saw there an earthen stein full of bobbins and silk. I took it out and told the bobbins, there were twelve full tram-bobbins, six single, and three leaves of China silk, and six small slips.
Q. What do you call tram-bobbins ?
B. Lawson. That is two threads.
Prosecutor. These are the different degrees of manufacturing them.
Q. to B. Lawson. What did you do with the bobbins and silk after you had told them?
B. Lawson. I put them into the stein again.
Q. Do you know who they belong to?
B. Lawson. I know the bobbins belong to Mr. Pearson by his mark, there was a P upon them, I have worked for him. I know Baxter had no work when I was in their room, for she told me so that day; Gill worked in Mr. Pearson's shop at that time.


                  Elisabeth 
                  Winter 
               



            . I live in Ratcliff-highway, I wind silk; the prisoners live in the same landlord's rents as I do, they owed him a sum of money; I think it was on the 4th of June the landlord sent a person to put a padlock on their door; they asked me to let them be in my lodgings till they got a being of their own.
Q. How many rooms have you?
E. Winter. I have two; I gave them liberty to be with me. They brought an earthen stein full of bobbins and silk with them, in the whole there were 12 tram-bobbins, six single bobbins, three leaves of China silk, six slips, and some skains of silk, but they were so small I did not tell them; they bid me hide the stein in the corner of the room, I did not like their proceedings, and made them shew it to Mrs. Lawson; she told me if I would carry it to Mr. Pearson's house next morning he would give me a guinea for my breakfast. I said then it shall fall into somebody else's hands, for I would not.
Q. Did you ever work for Mr. Pearson.
E. Winter. No, I never did; Mrs. Lawson desired me to get it out of my house as soon as I could; then I went to Baxter on the Monday-morning, and desired her to come and take the stien out.
Q. Where was she?
E. Winter. She was at work at home, she was but three days at our house before her landlord let her in again to her lodgings. She asked me what I was afraid of, and did not come to fetch it away, so I took and carried it to her lodging; about six weeks after this, I was complaining one day how bad my work was, Baxter said, don't be uneasy about your waste, for I'll bring you two bobbins to draw off in the room of it, but my husband would not let me have it.
Baxter's defence.
I had two shops of work, I work'd a parcel for one, and a parcel for the other; I never had any of the prosecutor's bobbins or silk in my charge but when I work'd for him in his shop.
Gill's defence.
I have work'd for Mr. Pearson, but I never wronged him of the value of a pin; I never had any of his work in my charge but what I worked in his shop.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


