







215. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Godard 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one hundred pounds weight of lead
            , belonging to 



, Jan. 7


.


                  John 
                  Mevin 
               



            . I am a watchman, my stand is in Pater-noster Row, facing the end of Panyer-alley. On the 7th of Jan. about a quarter of an hour before six in the morning, I saw the prisoner and another man; they went up Queen's-head-alley into Newgate-street, one turn'd towards Newgate, the prisoner towards St. Martin's Le grand. I laid my hand on his shoulder and said, friend, what have you got here? said he some old iron, and that he was going to the golden hall in aldersgate street, and if I would go with him he'd give me six pence; said I it is lead, then I collar'd him, he threw it down, and struggled with me, and he offer'd me a shilling to let him go: then another watchman came up, and we brought him to the watch house going through Newgate-market, where he dropp'd these shoemakers pinchers. I went back to Panyer-alley for the lead; and there were found in it two pieces of lead; we weigh'd them and there were five score and six pounds weight.


                  Peter 
                  Lysles 
               



            . I am constable. I was at the watch-house this night, I saw the two pieces of lead taken out of the sack, five score and six pounds.


                  Samuel 
                  Dubican 
               



            , and his father Mr. Lancelot Dubican, deposed they compared the lead to where was some lately missing on the top of two houses belonging to the citizens of London in Pater-noster Row, and one piece fitted exactly, and that according to the nearest computation, there had been taken from them houses at different times, forty hundred weight of lead; and that they got a search warrant, and searched the house of one Ann Wall, where the prisoner was conversant, and there, in secret places under boards and other places they found more lead, which was taken from off these houses.



               Guilty
            .
(L.) He was a second time indicted with 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Oakley 
                  



                
            ; the latter for 


               stealing thirty pickled walnuts value 1 s. 50 pickle cucumbers value 1 s. and twelve ounces of anchovies, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Tringham 
                  



                
            ; and the first for 


               receiving them, knowing them to be stolen
            , Jan. 1


. +


                  William 
                  Tringham 
               



            . I live in the old change




, and keep a chandler's shop
. I lost a gally pot of anchovies, a jar of pickle walnuts, and a jar with some cucumbers, on the first of Jan.
Mrs. Tringham. About a quarter after seven, on the first of Jan. I missed the goods mention'd; I saw them about a quarter of an hour before; I came to my door, and a person, who is now in court, came and described the two men to me, saying, one took them, and gave them to the other.


                  James 
                  Thompson 
               



            . On new years day at night, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Oakley 
               



             and I happened to come down the old change, and on seeing this shop, Oakley said here is a fine mark; he bid me stand on the other side the way, he put his hand over the hatch and brought me over a jar, and put it in my apron; he went and brought me the other jar, then he went and brought the gally pots, we then went to Godard's house. Oakley took one jar, and I the other jar and gally pot; we carried them into his house and opened them; and we saw one was cucumbers, the other walnuts, the other anchovies; Godard bought them of us, we asked him two shillings for them, he gave us but one.
Q. Did he ask you where you got them?
Thompson. No, he did not, but he knew how we got them, as well as we did ourselves. He knew we went out to make that our prey, which we could lay hold on, my lord.
Q. What time did you take these goods?
Thompson. Between 7 and 8 o'clock, my lord.
Q. Did you see any body in the shop when you took them?
Thompson. No, my lord, I believe they were backwards.
Q. From Godard. Did I open them?
Thompson. No, we open'd them ourselves. He had dealt with us before for things we had stolen.
Godard. I never bought any thing of them but old iron.


                  Mary 
                  Saxton 
               



            . I know Thompson and Oakley. I lived up stairs, and Godard had the lower part of the house. I let in Thompson and Oakley on new year's day about eight at night; they had under their arms two jars and a gally pot, they went into his kitchen directly and ask'd for Mr. Godard, but I went up stairs and saw no more of it.
Q. What does Godard do for a living?
M. Saxton. I know not, my lord, I have seen the prisoner Oakley, and Thompson the evidence, come pretty often there.
Godard. I don't know that woman's face.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


