





29. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Barton 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, by false pretences, did obtain into his custody, one pound weight of russet coloured silk, and one pound weight of white sewing silk
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Finlow 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Edwards 
                  



                
            , August 26
. +


                  Owen 
                  Edwards 
               



            . I am servant to Mess. Finlow and Edwards, Silkmen

 in Cheapside


; the prisoner came into our shop on the first of June, and had two pound of sewing silk.
Q. Recollect the words he made use of as near as you can.
Edwards. He said he wanted a pound of russet silk, and a pound of blue grey silk, for Mr Lynch.
Q. Who is Mr Lynch ?
Edwards. He is a Taylor in Pall-mall.
Q. Was the prisoner servant to Mr Lynch?
Edwards. He had been his servant, I believed him to be his servant at that time.
Q. Have you any reason to think he was not then his servant?
Edwards. I have.
Q. Did you let him have the silk?
Edwards. I did; he came again the first of July, then he had three pounds of cloth-coloured silk, and a pound of white.
Q. What words did he make use of?
Edwards. He said he wanted three pounds of cloth-coloured silk, and a pound of white silk, for Mr Lynch; he came again the 29th of July, and said he wanted three pounds of cloth-coloured silk for Mr Lynch, and two pounds of light; I let him have it.
Q. Did you give him credit upon his own account?
Edwards. No, nor he ask'd me none, but came in Mr Lynch's name, and I charg'd it to Mr Lynch.
Cross Examination.
Q. Had you any conversation with him about his quitting Mr Lynch's service?
Edwards. No, I had not.

Q. Did he tell you he was in Mr Lynch's service?
Edwards. No, he did not.
Q. Had you any conversation with him about his setting up for himself?
Edwards. No, I had not.
Q. Who did you enter it in the book to?
Edwards. I enter'd is to Mr Lynch.
Q. Do you know of any treaty about the prisoner paying the money, and there was to be no prosecution?
Edwards. I do not know of any such thing.
Mr Mason. I am servant to Mess. Finlow and Edwards; the prisoner came to our shop for a pound of russet and a pound of white sewing silk, on the 26th of August, and said it was for Mr Lynch, I deliver'd it to him.
Q. Who did you charge it to?
Mason. To Mr Lynch.
Q. How often does Mr Lynch make up his accounts with your masters?
Mason. He generally does once a year.
Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner relating to having them on his own credit, or about setting up for himself?
Mason. No, none at all.
Q. Does the prisoner live with Mr Lynch now?
Mason. No, he does not; we know since that Mr Lynch had parted with him at that time.


                  George 
                  Winter 
               



            . I live with Mr Lynch, he married my aunt, the prisoner was his servants; I carry on his business for him.
Q. When did the prisoner leave Mr Lynch's service?
Winter. He left our service on the 29th of May last.
Q. Where was Mr Lynch at that time?
Winter. He was at that time at the Bath for his health.
Q. How long was he at Bath?
Winter. He has been return'd about a month now.
Q. Did you give the prisoner any orders to fetch this silk for Mr Lynch since he left your service?
Winter. No, I did not.
Q. Do you carry on the whole business?
Winter. I do; Mr Lynch gave me a letter of attorney to carry on the business in his absence, there is nothing done but what I order.
Cross Examination.
Q. In what capacity was he at Mr Lynch's?
Winter. He was a journeyman, and had wages as other men, and when he did not work he had no wages.
Q. Can you tell he had not an order from Mr Lynch to fetch these goods?
Winter. Mr Lynch gave me a letter of attorney a month before, and the prisoner was not in our service when he went for these goods.
Q. How did he behave when he was with you?
Winter. He always bore a very good character 'till this thing.
Q. How long had he been in Mr Lynch's service?
Winter. He had been in his service first and last, about twelve years; we never could lay any thing to his charge before this.
Q. Is it not possible there might be a mistake in these things?
Winter. I believe there could be no mistake.
Q. After the time he left your service, do you know whether Mr Lynch ever sent him to Mr Finlow's for silk of any kind?
Winter. No, I know I never gave him directions.
Q. Did any other employed under you?
Winter. No, there are none have orders to give directions.


                  Dennis 
                  Morris 
               



            . I am Mr Lynch's Bookkeeper and Clerk; it is my business to make entries of things that come to the shop.
Q. Did you ever give the prisoner orders to fetch any thing from Mess. Finlow and Edwards?
Morris. No, never after the time he was discharged from our house.
Q. When was he discharged?
Morris. He was discharged on the 29th of May last; if any things are brought in, I book them.
Q. Was there two pounds of russet silk on the first of June?
Morris. No, none came to us.
Q. Was there three pounds of cloth-coloured the first of July?
Morris. No.

Q. Was there one pound of white at the same time?
Morris. No.
Q. Was there three pounds of cloth-coloured, and two pounds of light, the 29th of July?
Morris. No, we never had them in our house to my knowledge.
Q. Was there one pound of russet, and one pound of white on the 26th of August?
Morris. No, no such goods came that day; if they had been received, I should have seen them, because I enter all such parcels in our books.
Q. Is there any other person that has any authority to order things?
Morris. No, none have authority but Mr Lynch's nephew; he comes to me and desires me to write so and so: then they are ordered in.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


