





430. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Whitmore 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Steward 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            . ++


                  John 
                  Steward 
               



            . One day, about the latter end of July; I was upon the Royal-Exchange


; one Mr. Mills, came up to me, and asked me, if I missed my handkerchief, I felt in my pocket and found it gone; he said, if you will follow me, I can point out the man that has stole it; I went along with him, and found my handkerchief in the prisoner's hand: (Produced in court and deposed to.) I asked him how he came by it, he said he found it at his feet, and was looking out for the proper owner; I called an old servant that was there, and ordered him to secure the prisoner; he was brought before Sir 
               
                  Henry 
                  Marshall 
               



            , there were eleven other different handkerchiefs, two books, and other things, found in his pockets, then he was committed.
Mr. Mills. One day, about the latter end of July, I was standing upon the 'Change; I saw the prisoner at the bar come and take Mr. Steward's handkerchief, and pull it about half way out of his pocket; then he went past aim, and came back again and pulled it quite out, and walked away, there was a gentleman by me, said I to him, there is a man has picked Mr. Steward's pocket of his handkerchief; he said, if you'll call Mr. Steward, I'll look after the fellow; I went and asked Mr. Steward, if he had not lost his handkerchief, he felt, and said he had, I took him to the prisoner, he had got it then in his hand.
Q. to Mr. Steward. What is the value of the handkerchief ?
Steward. It cost 5 s.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was going along on the Exchange, I trod upon something, I looked back and saw it was a handkerchief. I went back and picked it up, I never put it in my pocket, but kept it in my hand to see for the owner.  


               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


