





213. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harvey 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Sunderland 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Jan. 21
. +


                  Samuel 
                  Sunderland 
               



            . On the 21st of the last month I was at Leicester-fields


, the prince's birthday being kept on that day. I was got in the mob, and lost a silver watch out of my pocket ; it was a middle-siz'd one, 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Wells 
               



            , maker, no number upon it, a black ribbon, and only a key to it. I advertised it the next day. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Slatre 
               



            , a pawn-broker, had stopp'd it.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner ?
Sunderland. I can say nothing of my own knowledge against him.
Prisoner. Pray let the advertisement be read. It was to this purport:
Whereas a young woman pick'd out of a young man's pocket, that was in mourning, at the prince of Wales's gate, Leicester-fields, a silver watch, with a black ribbon but no seal, maker's name forgot. The person that took it being known, if the does not return it with honour, or send it to S. S. at the plough in St. Martin's Lane, by to-morrow noon, she shall be prosecuted as the law directs; if pawn'd or sold, please to direct to the above-mention'd place, and you shall have your money again with thanks. If returned by the time there shall be no questions ask'd.
Q. Had you any particular reason to think a young woman pick'd it out of your pocket?
Sunderland. No, my lord. A young woman was some time standing next to me in the crowd, that is all, just by the prince of Wales's gate.
Q. Had you any talk with this young woman?
Sunderland. No, I had not, my lord.
Q. Do you remember you saw the prisoner there?
Sunderland. No, my lord; I don't remember I ever saw him, before I saw him before the justice. I had advertised in this method, thinking it the best method to get my watch again. I can neither read nor write. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brunner 
               



             wrote it for me.


                  Thomas 
                  Slatre 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bibby, a pawn-broker in Stanhope-street. This watch ( producing it) was brought to pawn to me the 21st of January. A man, not the prisoner, it was a little man, wanted two guineas and an half upon it. I would not lend it. Then he went out, and came in again, and brought the watch in his hand, and said he'd take 2 l. 5 s. I look'd over the paper to see if it was advertised. I could not find it was. I stopp'd it: he went out again, and brought in the prisoner at the bar. The prisoner said it was his watch, and if I did not deliver it he'd mark me and abused me very much. He was at the door when the other came first in, for I heard a whispering there, which made me have a suspicion. I sent for a constable; he was not at home; and one of our people went out to them; they beat him over the head with a bludgeon. I heard no more of it that night. The next morning it was advertised. I went to inform the prosecutor. I left word; but he was out of town.
Q. from the Prisoner. Is it not out of spite, my lord, that he now gives this evidence against me, from a former quarrel?
Slatre. He has been a customer of ours, and we once had words; but I declare I have no more malice against him than I have against any one person in the world.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Slatre. He is a gentleman: I believe he is no business at all.


                  Christopher 
                  Cammel 
               



            . I am constable. On the 21st of January, about six in the evening, a servant to the pawnbroker came to my house and desired me to go there, saying, there was a couple of ugly fellows came with a watch, which they had a mind to stop ; but when I came there they were both gone. They told me the prisoner was one of them. I have known him these two years. After that they sent again, saying, there were many people in the street with bludgeons, &c. I was not at home. The next morning I saw the advertisement, and I carried it to the pawnbroker, and looked at the watch, and found it to be the same. I thought the Friday following a proper time to apprehend the prisoner, when the libel was burnt at Westminster. I took him up that day; he did not own any thing of the fact, but said the person with him was named Preston. I went to see for him, but could not find him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met this Preston, who had the watch, in Russel-street, near Covent-garden. He had been a midshipman on board a man of war, and I was master at arms, but not of the same ship. I knew him very well in the West-Indies, but never heard any thing to his discredit in my life. He asked me how I did. We went to the black lion to drink some punch: he made an apology he had no money, but he had a watch to pawn. I directed him to Mr. Bebby's, and said he'd give him as much upon it as any body. He desir'd I'd show him the house. I did. He went in, and came out again and said, I can only get so much for it. Said I, then you'll only have the less to pay when you fetch it out again. Then he went in again, and the watch was stop'd. Then I went in, the lad ask'd me if I knew him. I told him I did. He ask'd me if I would vouch for his honesty. I told him I would. The watch was stop'd. As to my going back again, I did not: it is evident I would not, if I thought it was got dishonestly, recommend him to a pawnbroker that I knew, and where I had pawned my cloaths and things several times, and was known very well. When I found he could not stand by it, I beat him, and gave him a black eye. I thought he had got it by some girl he kept company with.
For the Prisoner.


                  Bridget 
                  Newman 
               



            . I know the other person, but do not know his christian name. He quarrel'd with Mr. Harvey about a watch. Mr. Preston came to Mr. Harvey, and ask'd him to go with him to give him a character, saying he had been to a pawnbroker, and his watch was stop'd.
Q. Where was this?
B. Newman. This was at Mr. Harvey's lodging, at the two Brewers in Maynard street, St. Giles's, near the church.
Q. What time of the day?

B. Newman. It was about 12 o'clock in the day. Mr. Harvey said he'd go.
Q. What day was this ?
B. Newman. I believe it was the day after the prince's birth day, he went and came back again, and said he believed he was brought into a scrape and would have satisfaction for it, saying he'd beat him for bringing him into it. The next morning he went to Mr. Preston's house and took him into the field, and they fought with their fists as they told me, they came home with their faces broken. Mr. Preston then said he'd give him part of a pot of purl, and said he was sorry he had brought him into that dispute.
Q. Have you seen them together since?
B. Newman. No, I never did.
Q. to Sunderland. Is this the woman that stood by you when you lost your watch in Leicester fields?
Sunderland. I can't say it is her.


                  Margaret 
                  Farrel 
               



            . I know they both came into my house with their faces broken, either the day or the day after the Prince of Wales's birth-day.
Q. Where do you live?
M. Farrel. I live in Maynard street at the two brewers. I saw nothing of their going to the pawnbrokers, when they came back again I heard Mr. Harvey tell him about his bringing him into a scrape.
Q. Where is Preston now?
M. Farrel. He went away for good.
Q. What is the prisoner's general character.
M. Farrel. He lodged with me about three months, he always was at home about nine, or at farthest by ten o'clock at night, and commonly went out about eight in the morning.


                  John 
                  Brittain 
               



            . I have known the prisoner twenty four years, he went to school at the college at Dublin, and he was discharged from general Legonier's horse with a fair character, and also from on board a man of war. I never heard any ill of him till this affair, and I don't think he'd be guilty of such a fact.
Q. What are you?
Brittain. I am a hair merchant and live at the corner of Hatton-garden. I am not a house-keeper.
Q. to Slater. Was it possible for the person to come from your shop to Maynard street and back again, from the time he went first out of your shop, and the time he brought in the prisoner?
Slater. It was impossible, my lord, they are near a mile distant from each other, the man only went out and came in again directly.




               Guilty, but not of privately stealing
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


