





71. (L). 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Williams 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two blankets, value 5 s. one pair of sheets, value 6 s. one pair of pillow-biers, one napkin, one towel, one flat iron, one copper saucepan; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Simpson 
                        




                      
                  , spinster
, the same being in a certain lodging room let by contract
            , to be used by the said 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Williams 
               



            , Dec. 18
. ++.


                  Ann 
                  Simpson 
               



            . The prisoner took a lodging room of me, and lodged in it a fortnight and upwards.
Q. Did you lose any thing?
A. Simpson. I lost two blankets, a pair of sheets, a pair of pillow-biers, and two candlesticks, a napkin, a towel, a flat iron, and copper saucepan.
Q. Where were they taken from?
A. Simpson. From out of her room.
Q. Were they let with the room to her?
A. Simpson. They were.
Q. Where do you live?
A. Simpson. In Church-yard-Alley, Fetter-lane.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
A. Simpson. The prisoner owned she took them, in Bridewell.
Q. When did you miss them?
A. Simpson. I missed them on the 18th of last month.
Q. How long had she been in your house then?
A. Simpson. About a fortnight and two or three days. I wanted to know where the saucepan was. She said she had sent it down stairs. I asked her maid, who said she had lent it to a friend. I desired her to go and get it, saying I wanted it.
Q. Was the prisoner in the room to hear this conversation between you and her maid?
A. Simpson. She was, and heard it all. The maid went out to see for it, and the mistress went after her. She staid out 'till about eleven at night. I went up stairs to her, and asked her if she had got it. She told me she had found out where it was pawned for 2 s. then I insisted upon having it that night, and said I would send my maid with her for it. She said she had got no money, but if I would send for it, she would give me my money again the next day.
Q. Did the prisoner say the maid had pawn'd it unknown to her?
A. Simpson. She did. Then I began to be very uneasy about the other things, and desired my maid and a young woman in the house to go up to the prisoner's room to see after them. The bed was let down, and then the other things were missing. I immediately sent for the constable of the night and charged him with her. She having no money, he took her to Bridewell. She was after that examined before the sitting alderman, and there she own'd she took the things through necessity, having been arrested for 27 s. and said, if it was in her power she would have made them good again.
Q. from prisoner. Did not the maid run away when you and I had this conversation?
A. Simpson. Yes, she did.
Q. from prisoner. Did I not go and find her, and was backwards and forwards five or six times?
A. Simpson. Yes.
Q. from prisoner. Did not you make a debt of it, and say if I would lay down the money you would forgive me?
A. Simpson. No.

Q. from prisoner. Did not you say in Bridewell, if I had a friend that would lay down the money you would take it, and not prosecute me?
A. Simpson. All I said to her there was, I wanted to know where the things were pawn'd.
Q. Did she tell you ?
A. Simpson. She said they were pawn'd, and I found them by her direction.
Prisoner. My maid pawn'd them.
Q. Did you find them by her or her maid's direction?
A. Simpson. By her direction.
Q. from prisoner. Did I not go in pursuit of my maid, after she had pawn'd the saucepan ?
A. Simpson. Yes, she did; but then I did not know that the other things were missing.


                  Martha 
                  Atkinson 
               



            . The prisoner told my mistress and I in Bridewell where the things were pawned.
Q. Did she say she had pawned them herself, or her maid ?
M. Atkinson. She said her maid carried them.
Q. Did she say by whose order?
M. Atkinson. She said it was by her order, to make up the money which she was arrested for; but she said she did not send her with the saucepan.
Q. Were all the goods mention'd to her at that time?
M. Atkinson. They were, and they were all pawned, but one blanket, to one pawnbroker by Shoe-Lane; but I don't know his name.
Prisoner's Defence.
When I took this room I told her I was at my uncle's at Highgate, and had been there almost two years backwards and forwards; I very seldom stay in London above four days together. After I had taken these lodgings I went to Highgate again on the Tuesday, and when I came home my maid (whom I had a very good character with) was crying. I said, what has happen'd? She said nothing at all. I urged her to tell me. She said I should be angry with her, and turn her away. She pretended she had spilt the looking-glass in the bed, that she was obliged to send the sheets to the woman to wash, and that I should have them on the Saturday night. On the Monday evening I borrowed my landlady's saucepan to dress dinner, and desired my maid to carry it down again, and the next day Mrs. Simpson ask'd me for it. I told her I knew nothing of it. The maid hearing her enquire after it, ran out of the room. When I found that she was gone and did not return, I said I'd dress myself and go to her mother's to see if I could find her. Her mother cried, and said she knew nothing of her. I went back again to Mrs. Simpson's and beg'd her not to be uneasy, and told her the mother lived in Chancery-Lane, and had promised to let her know where her daughter was. I was backwards and forwards that night till eleven o'clock, to see if I could find her; but could not. I beg'd of the mother to let me know where the things were pawned. She said she would shew me the pawnbroker's where they were. She had me through several alleys and courts; but I can't mention any names of places. When I came to the pawnbroker's, I asked him if there were suchand such things in 
               
                  Ann 
                  Swan 
               



            's name. He said there were. I said they were stolen out of my lodgings. The pawnbroker said it was no matter to know what they were pawned for, as I had not the money to take them out; so I came back again about eleven o'clock, and said, Mrs. Simpson, I have no money, I have been to my uncle's housekeeper in the Strand and he was not at home: so I could get no money. Then I told her where they were pawned. She went along with the maid, and found the saucepan.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


