






320, 321. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Saunders 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Christmas 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing two pair of iron traces, value 6 s. two shovels, value 12 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Mince 
                  



                
            , March 10

. and the latter for 


               receiving one pair of traces knowing them to be stolen
            . +


                  Richard 
                  Mince 
               



            . I keep horses and carts
 and live in Adam and Eve-court, Oxford road



, I have lost four pair of iron traces and an odd one, the prisoner Saunders confessed to me, after I had found one of the traces at the other shop, he sold it him ; the last pair I lost was on the tenth of March, the prisoner was coming out of my stable with them in his apron and I met him; we found two shovels at one Bowers's in Drury-lane, which the prisoner Saunders owned he stole from me and sold there, I was one day cleaning the street in Knaves-acre near Christmas's door, I saw a pair of traces hang up there for sale, I said they were stole from me; his wife called me all the rogues she could, I bought them first for twenty pound traces, there were nineteen pounds and a half at a groat a pound, I bought them again of Christmas for 3 s. and 3 d. at 2 d. a pound; I did not chuse to have words, I told him it was only buying a pig of my own sow. Saunders when he was taken up after this, told me he sold them to him for three farthings a pound, these were stole some time before the tenth of March.


                  Thomas 
                  Morris 
               



            . I live servant with the prosecutor, I know the shovels to be my master's property, the prisoner owned to me in the round-house he stole them. The shovels produced in court and deposed to.
Saunders 

               Guilty
            , Christmas, 

               Acq
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


