






115. (M.) 
               
                  William 
                  Barnard 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing three gowns, value 27 s. one a tin hat, value 2 s. one linen quilt, value 13 s. two cloth coats, two waistcoat, one callimanco gown, two pair of breeches, value 6 s. eight pewter plates. one copper tea kettle, one handkerchief, one pair of silver buckles, one silver tea spoon, one linen shirt, and three linen aprons, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hewips 
                        



                      
                  , and one cloth coat, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Davis 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hewips 
                     



, January 27
. ||


                  Thomas 
                  Hewips 
               



            . I live in Rosemary-Lane


. On the 28th of January I lost two coats, two waistcoats, two pair of breeches, a silk gown, a stuff gown, a linen gown, eight pewter plates, a copper tea-kettle, a pair of silver shoe-buckles, a silver tea-spoon, a bed quilt, an old cloaths bag, a shirt, a shift, a cotton handkerchief, a pair of thread stockings, and a napkin. I can't tell who took them, but I found the shirt upon the prisoner. He lay in my house that night I lost them. We found the goods again. Some were sold in Monmouth Street, some in Pepper Alley, and some in St. Giles's. (Produced in court.)


                  George 
                  Hartley 
               



            . I live in Monmouth-Street, and deal in old cloaths. I bought two coats, one waistcoat, and two pair of breeches of the prisoner at the bar. He said, his wife was dead, and he was going on board a man of war, to be a baker. (Prosecutor taking them from the rest says, these are my property.) I might have bought the plates and tea-kettle of him.


                  William 
                  Pirkin 
               



            . I live in Pepper-Alley, have known the prisoner several years, and have bought several things of him. He brought this tea kettle and plates to my house, and said his wife was dead, that he was going to sea, and he had rather bring them to me than any body else. He was a master baker in the Borough. I bought these things of him.
Prosecutor. This tea-kettle and these plates are my property.
Prisoner. My brother-in-law is the man that prosecutes me, and this certainly is done out of spight. I was going to work in the morning, and met a soldier with a bundle on his head. I had seen him at Windsor. He asked me to go in and drink. He said, he had got a few things to dispose of, and I could sell them better than he. As far as I can understand, he was at my brother's house all that day.
Q. to prosecutor. Did a soldier come to your house that day?
Prosecutor. There was a man came in a soldier's dress. He came from Blackwall, with a message from a taylor. He said, he believed the sailor to be my brother-in-law. When he went away, he went out at one door, and I at the other. When my wife and I came home we found the key in the door, and we missed the things mentioned.
Q. Did you leave the key in the door at going out?
Prosecutor. That was left over the street-door for me. The soldier did not see the key laid there. Here is one that can prove the soldier did not take the things away.


                  Ann 
                  Tyres 
               



            . I live in Blue-Anchor yard, Rosemary-Lane. I was washing some stockings out (my blind was at the window) when a man went by with a parcel. He made a blow at the window. I ran out, and saw it was a short man, with a light colour'd coat on. ( Such was the prisoner's.)
Q. What time was this?
A. Tyres. The clock struck three in the afternoon just as he was gone by.
Q. What time of the day was the soldier there?
Prosecutor. He was there about eleven in the forenoon. He was a tall man, with his hair tuck'd under his hat.


                  Carolina 
                  Keen 
               



            . I live in Pepper-Alley. I bought a handkerchief of a man in a light colour'd coat, between six and seven o'clock in the evening. I can't say the prisoner is the man. He had a bag with something in it, like a biscuit bag.
Prosecutor. This handkerchief is my property.


                  Dorothy 
                  Fair 
               



            . I live in St. Giles's. I bought a napkin, a towel, a pair of stockings, and two aprons of the prisoner. He told me his wife was dead. He had a bag with a tea-kettle in it. (The prosecutor's wife deposed to the things mention'd.)
Prisoner. She is my sister. She lent me the shirt herself, that I had on.
Prosecutrix. I lent him a shirt when he was in Newgate before, but none since. It is what he has now on.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Pirkin 
               



            . I know he has been a master baker, and kept a publick-house in our neighbourhood, and that he lived with Mr. Reed. I never heard any thing amiss of his character before this.
Q. Was you ever call'd upon before to give him a character?
Pirkin. No, never.

Prisoner. Ask my sister my character.
Mary Hewips. I can't say I know a vast deal of him. I never heard any thing before the last fault, which was the time I lent him the shirt.


                  John 
                  Bass 
               



            . I have known him a great many years. He had always a very good character, as far as ever I knew. He is a baker by trade. He once was my fellow-servant.
Q. Did you never hear any ill of him?
Bass. I never knew any of my own knowledge, what he is here for I don't know. I did not know of his being here, till I was call'd down from dinner just now.


                  John 
                  Baker 
               



            . I have known him about sixteen or seventeen years. He had always a very good character. I never heard no other of him.
Q. Have you heard any thing how he has lived of late?
Baker. No, I have not.
Q. Was you called to his character last sessions ?
Baker. I was; but I forgot it till now.
Q. to Bass. Have you heard how he has lived of late?
Bass. I have not.
Q. Did not you know that he was tried here last sessions?
Bass. I believe I did hear he was.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            

[See his trial last sessions, No. 88. for stealing bread, for which he was publickly whipped.]




[Transportation. See summary.]


