





496. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Barber 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 3 l. in money numbered, the money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Watson 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said John
            , August 4
.


                  John 
                  Watson 
               



            . I keep a publick house
, the White Hart at Knights-bridge


. On the 28th of July I lost some money out of my house, it was in a little box, in a closet, in a back room where my plate and other things were.
Q. Was the closet locked?
Watson. It was, but the key was in the door. At that time the prisoner was my servant.
Q. When did you see the money last?
Watson. I saw it between seven and eight o'clock at night, and missed it at eleven, when I went to take it up to bed, the box and money were both gone.
Q. Where was the prisoner?
Watson. She was gone also, I did not see her after nine o'clock. I went to see for her the next day, and between one and two o'clock I took her at the Savoy, and carried her before a justice of the peace. She owned she had taken the money away. After this I was informed, that the box had been seen, at the Chequer alehouse in St. James's. I went there and found it; it was produced by Mrs. Fowley that keeps the house. There were in it some notes which were there when in my house.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Fowley 
               



            . On the 28th of July last, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, the prisoner came into my house and desired she might have some stakes dressed. She took me on one side and gave me a bundle, after that this box, in which was thirty shillings, and then desired me to put them by for her. She came again the next day, took out all the money, but twelve shillings, and went away (the box produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor).
Job Fluid. I know the prisoner. I was at the Chequers when she came in, and saw her deliver the box to Mrs. Fowley.


                  James 
                  Fry 
               



            . I was with the prosecutor at the time the prisoner was taken. I heard her confess she had robbed her master, and embezzled the money.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the money; the place where it lay was free for all comers and goers; besides, there was a quantity of plate in the same place, and none of that was missing. If I had taken the money I might as well have taken the plate.




               Guilty, thirty-nine shillings
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


