





399. (L) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bellinger 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver tankard, value 8 l. one silver cup, value 3 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Scot 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Joseph
            , May 23
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Scot 
               



            . I keep the Crown Inn, Holborn




. I have a livery-stable, the prisoner had been an assistant to a person to whom I had let a stable to
: The things mentioned were missed from out of the bar about seven o'clock in the morning, the 23d of this instant. I had a suspicion of the prisoner, my ostler told me, there was no body in the yard but him: my bar was in the kitchen, and my wife had the key of the kitchen door in her pocket, the things were taken out of the kitchen window, which I cannot take upon me to say was made fast over night, but no body could get near that till the ostler gets up to let them into the yard, by opening the gate. I got 
               
                  William 
                  Farrow 
               



            , the constable, and took the prisoner up on Friday morning. Then the prisoner said, in my hearing, the plate was taken out at the window with a hay fork by a person, and that he was by at the time, and that he had got it. He went into the stable, brought the plate from under the manager and delivered it to the constable. It was produced in court and deposed to. The last time I saw it was the day before at dinner.


                  William 
                  Farrow 
               



            , deposed to the account given of what happen'd after he came, with this addition : That the person who took it order'd him to sell it, and was then gone into Yorkshire; but upon this the prisoner went to a journey man shoe-maker, one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Walker 
               



             in Gray's-inn lane, to advise with him now to sell it, who said, it was then too late to sell it that night ; the next morning he went to him again, they drank together at the Black-horse in the lane, and staid there till the Advertiser came in; the prosecutor advertised five guineas reward; seeing it advertised one said to the other, stay here, I'll go and deliver a pair of shoes, then come again, and sell it in Rosemary lane; then he came to the prosecutor, and ask'd him, if he had not lost, &c. that he thought Walker said a great while, so he went into the prosecutor's yard and there he saw him.


                  Henry 
                  Dollerman 
               



            . I live in Leather-lane, I was charged by the constable to assist. He confirmed what was before deposed.




               Guilty of stealing but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


