







103. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bruff 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that he, on the 15th of November


, about twelve in the night on the same day, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Arlington 
                        



                      
                  , did break and enter, and stealing out thence one brass warming-pan, a brass pot and cover, four brass candlesticks, one tea-kettle, one metal bell, two weights belonging to a clock, two pewter plates, two pewter dishes, one five-pint pewter tankard
            , the goods of the said William.*
William Arlington. I live in Swan-yard, Shoreditch, I have a house at Ponder's-end




, where I side in summer-time, which was broke open on the 10th or 11th of November, by a door being taken off the hinges, and the goods mentioned, and a great many more, were taken away; there was nobody lodged in the house at the time. I used to leave my key with Mr. Walker that lives just by; there was a person taken up for stealing some lead, and committed by Justice Tashmaker, he impeached the prisoner, and he was taken up and put into New-prison; I went there to him, and charged him with breaking my house, he at first denied it, but at last he owned he did it in company with Vass.
Q. What were his words?
Arlington. He said, indeed Sir, we did break into your house, I undid the lower hinge of your back-door, and Vass the upper one, and owned to the taking of the things mentioned in the indictment, and more, without my naming them to him; he said they cut the pots and saucepans to pieces, and that they sold the candlesticks to a brasier in Bishopsgate-street; I went there but could not find them; I never got any of the goods again.


                  Thomas 
                  Vass 
               



            . The prisoner lived at a place called the Two Bridges near Ponder's-end, and I with my father in Enfield. I think it was in September, but I don't know the time. The prisoner asked me to go along with him to the prosecutor's house at Ponder's-end, knowing nobody lived in it then, we went; he broke the lower hinge of the back-door, and I the other, about ten o'clock at night; then we went and looked about, and took away a warming-pan, a five-pint pewter tankard, a brass pot with a lid to it, a copper saucepan with a lid, two brass clock-weights, we carried them to Norton-falgate, and the prisoner sold them to a brasier in his shop, but I don't know his name. I had half the money.
Prisoner's defence.
The evidence came one morning to our house, when I was carrying some dirt into my father's garden, he said he knew of a prize. I said, what? he said it was copper and brass, I asked him where? he would have coaksed me to go with him, but I would not; he said I had robbed a gentleman's garden, and if I would not go along with him he would tell, and I should be hanged; he went and got the brass and things. I went along with him, but I never went into the house.




               Guilty of the felony, acquitted of the burglary
            .
(M.) He was a second time indicted, 


               for that he in a certain field or open place near the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Robertson 
                        



                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person 10 s. 8 d. in money, numbered
            , Nov. 20


.* 
The prosecutor deposed he was going to his home at Edmonton on the 20th of November from Enfield, about seven o'clock in the evening, in the middle of Houndsfields




, two men started up out of the hedge and pulled him down, and took from him ten shillings and six-pence in silver, and about two or three penyworth of half-pence, but it being dark and he affrighted, could not charge it on the prisoner or evidence.


                  Thomas 
                  Vass 
               



             deposed he and the prisoner committed this robbery.
The prisoner in his defence said he knew nothing of the matter.



               Acquitted
            .
(M.) He was a third time indicted, for 


               that he on the 16th of June


, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cantril 
                     



                    did break and enter, and stealing out thence one silver spoon, value 12 s. and two linen bags, with money in them to the amount of 16 shillings
            . *
The prosecutor deposed to his house being broke open, and losing a silver spoon, two bags with halfpence and farthings, and that he found the handle of the silver spoon in a deep ditch, where Vass had told him they had flung it. (Produced in court, and deposed to.).


                  Thomas 
                  Vass 
               



             deposed, that he and the prisoner broke into the house, and took the spoon, half-pence, and farthings; that the prisoner, with a pair of shears, cut out a piece in the bowl of the spoon, and made it into the form of a six-pence, and tried to eraze the name from the handle, but could not, so threw it into a deep ditch full of water and mud; that they buried the money in the plowed field, and fetched it as they wanted it to spend; but his evidence being unsupported by any witness of credit, and the prisoner never confessing it, he was 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


