





16 (M) 
               
                  Mary 
                  wife of 
                        
                           John 
                           White 
                        









            , was indicted for 


               stealing two gold rings, value 20 s. one gold ring with stones, two plain gold rings, one silk gown, one silk handkerchief, one cotton handkerchief, one holland apron, one pair of silver buttons, two dollars, one half guinea and two shillings in money numbered, the goods of 
                     
                        Isabella 
                        Bowman 
                     




                   , widow
, in the dwelling house of the said Isabella
            , Oct. 27
. ++
Isabella Bowman. I live by the Hermitage


, the prisoner was recommended to lodge with me a night or two, this was on the 26th of Oct. on the 27th she broke open my chest, and went away at 5 at night; I did not miss the things till the Monday morning, she not returning.
Q. Was your chest locked?
I. Bowman. It was and the key in my pocket, she had laid a bed on Sunday pretending she was not well, the chest and trunk were in her room, with the goods mentioned in the indictment.
Q. When had you seen these things last?
I. Bowman. I had seen them the Sunday before, she had on when taken a peticoat and a handkerchief, the three rings produced in court. The stone ring was pin'd up in the robings of her gown, near her breast, the other were in the custody of the Constable before I came, she said to the justice she had nothing to say for herself.


                  Peter 
                  Tombe 
               



            . I am Constable; on the 31st of August, one 
               
                  William 
                  Hadinote 
               



             a serjeant of the guards, came to me with a warrant, I went with him to King-street Westminster, we found the prisoner in bed in her lodgings, where the plain ring was then in her hand, I took her to the Gatehouse, the prosecutrix came in the evening, we had her before justice Lediard where we searched her. I found the stone ring in her gown lining, and two peticoate which the prosecutrix swore to, she said she had nothing to say for herself.


                  William 
                  Hadinote 
               



            . I was by at the apprehending the prisoner, she came to the Tilt-yard, to enquire for a soldier, and I saw she had four rings on her fingers the corporals went and show'd her him, they went and took aroom in Westminister ; after I saw the Advertisement, I went to justice Lediard and took his advice, and brought her before him, I took the two plain rings out of her hand, she wanted to throw them into the fire, I also saw the stone ring taken from out of her gown, and the prosecutrix owned the handkerchief and peticoat.

Prisoner's Defence.
I asked the prosecutrix's daughter for a clean petticoat and apron to put on, being sent for to one Mrs. Duncomb's, I went and asked for my husband, it was not my design to keep the rings, if I had I would not have kept them on my fingers, I found them lying at the door.




               Guilty, 36 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


