





2. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bickerton 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing eighteen yards of hair cloth, value eighteen shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Kanell 
                  




widow
, November 9
. *.


                  Sarah 
                  Kanell 
               



            . I keep a turner's shop
 in Theobald's-Row


, I lost eighteen yards of hair cloth out of my shop either the 8th or 9th of November. I heard it was sold to Mr. Wetherstone, in Portugal-street, I took the maker there, the maker said it was the cloth he sold me.


                  Walter 
                  Bilham 
               



            . I am the maker, I went with the prosecutrix to Mr. Wetherstone's shop and measured the piece of hair cloth. I sold it her the 26th of October; Mr. Wetherstone said he bought it at his door, and that he should know the man again.
[The cloth produced in court.]
Q. to the Prosecutrix. Is this your property ?


                  Sarah 
                  Kanell 
               



            . I verily believe it to be mine.



                  Alexander 
                  Wetherstone 
               



            . I keep a turner's shop, I bought this cloth of the prisoner the 9th of November at my door, I never saw the prisoner before to my knowledge; he came and asked me if I wanted any hair cloth, saying there was 18 or 19 yards three quarters wide, he measured it for 19. I gave him thirteen shillings for it, he was taken up that very day se'nnight at another shop offering some stolen matting.
Mark Hall. The prisoner came to my shop on the 16th, to offer to sell some matting; I having heard of this cloth being stolen, stopped the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
Two men brought the cloth to me to sell, my business being the same as theirs; I sold it for them, and got a little by it: If they had let me alone I believe I should have taken the men, they said they had many more things to dispose of, in the turning way that they had failed. I don't know either of their names.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


