





20. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Goodman 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one gold ring, value 15 s. one guinea, one half guinea, one French crown, and 10 s. 6 d. in money number'd, the goods and money of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Pullen 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , Oct. 24
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Pullen 
               



            . I keep the York-minister at Hyde-park corner




, the prisoner lodged in my house from the latter end of July to the 23d of Oct. he had not money enough to pay for a pint of beer, which I by his desire set up, &c. The next morning my wife and I got up between three and four. The prisoner was just after us, which was what he never used to do. These things mentioned were in a cupboard below; about six we found the door of it open, and the ring and money gone, he then said he had six pence to spend. I had a suspicion of him. I had him taken up. We took him to the Horseshoe and Magpye at the New-Bridge Foot, the justice not being at home; there he confessed, (after I said don't let it be lost, I would have it be of service to somebody) it was not lost, and put his hand into his breeches and pulled them out, wrap'd up in a dirty cloth. The ring had M B B. dated 1728; one of the half guineas was a pale one with a crack in it, produc'd in court and deposed to. He said he opened the lock with a case knife and took the things out.


                  Sarah 
                  Pullen 
               



             confirm'd that of her husband, with this addition. That the window shutter in the yard was open, and a clean napkin which lay in the chair near the window, had a print of a foot in it; that the inward door into the room was locked in the morning, that the yard was wall'd round; so that there was no room to doubt but that the prisoner had been down in the yard and in at the window.


                  Daniel 
                  Maclean 
               



             the officer confirm'd that of his confession at the Horseshoe and Magpye.




               Guilty, 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


