





136. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     More 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing ten pints of brandy, value 10 s. and ten pints of shrub, value 10 s. two eighteen shilling pieces, and ten guineas
            , the goods and money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , Feb. 17
. *
John Smith. I keep a public-house
 in Bloomsbury, the sign of the Castle


; the prisoner was my servant.
Q. How long had she lived with you?
Smith. About three quarters of a year; on the eighteenth of February I miss'd ten guineas and two eighteen shilling pieces.
Q. From where did you miss it?
Smith. From out of a corner-cupboa rd in the bar?
Q. Are you a married man?
Smith. I am.
Q. Whose business was it to keep the bar?
Smith. My wife kept it sometimes and sometimes I did.
Q. Had the prisoner ever use to go into the bar?
Smith. Yes, sometimes.
Q. Has she ever received money there?
Smith. Sometimes she has.
Q. Was the cupboard door lock'd?
Smith. It was.
Q. When it was lock'd, who kept the key?
Smith. Either my wife or I, sometimes I left it in the lock.
Q. Had you use to trust the prisoner with the key?
Smith. Sometimes I have gave her the key to fetch things out for my wife; we had two keys, and one of them was lost about two months ago.
Q. Did you ever find it again?
Smith. No, never: at the time of losing it I did not suspect the prisoner to have got it; but I have lost a great many times brandy and shrub from a closet going up stairs, and from the bar, that I have reason to think she had got the key, since, she has confessed she took the liquor away in bottles to a neighbour's house.
Q. Can you tell what quantity of liquor you lost?
Smith. I lost about two gallons of shrub; brandy I cannot tell what I lost of that.
Q. Did you ever get any of it again?
Smith. No, never.
Q. Was the prisoner in your service when you miss'd the money?
Smith. She was: I took her before justice Welch, there she confess'd she took the money.
Q. How long was this after you miss'd it?
Smith. It was on the Tuesday after.
Q. What day of the week was it that you miss'd it?
Smith. I miss'd it one the Sunday.
Q. What where her words in confessing it?
Smith. She said she took twelve guineas; she did not know that two of them where 18 s. pieces, but took them to be guineas.
Q. What are the people names where she said she carried the liquor?
Smith. The woman is named 
               
                  Honour 
                  Whitcome 
               



            , and she own'd she gave her the money too; she is indicted as accessary but is not in custody.
Q. What is she?
Smith. She keeps a chandler's shop within three or four doors of me.
Q. Did you make any search there ?
Smith. We did, and found two bottles in her house that night; one had had shrub, and another brandy in it; but they were empty.


                  Thomas 
                  Fayram 
               



            . I was before the Justice of the Peace, and heard the girl confess she robb'd her master of about twelve guineas and a great quantity of brandy and shrub.


                  Thomas 
                  Kemp 
               



            . I was along with Mr Smith at the taking up the girl; he took her out of a neighbour's house and had her into his own house; she would not confess the taking the liquor or money; the constable took her before Mr Welch, there she confessed to the taking two guineas at one time, and about six weeks before that time two guineas more; and about a month after that time, or thereabouts, she said she took a nine shilling and six-penny piece; (she does not know money I believe) or she said it must be a guinea or an eighteen shilling piece, that made five, this was before Mr Smith miss'd his ten guineas and two eighteen shillings pieces; she would not confess to the taking any more that night; that night Mr Welch sent for 
               
                  Honour 
                  Whitcome 
               



            , as the girl at the bar had told Mr Welch that she perswaded her to take the money from her master, and that she and another woman a companion of her's perswaded her to take liquor; the next day the girl was examined again there; then she own'd she took twelve guineas of her master's money, which he had mentioned to have lost; she said, she took it on the Sunday morning; she own'd to the taking four of them at first and at last own'd to the whole.
Q. to prosecutor. You said the first time you miss'd your money was on the eighteenth of February, did you not?
Prosecutor. I did.
Q. Had you use to have so much money at a time in your bar?
Prosecutor. I had sometimes twenty or thirty guineas at a time there; she at that time left eleven half guineas, one guinea, and a 27 s. piece.
Q. How much should you have had then in all?
Prosecutor. I should have had eleven guineas, a 27 s. piece, and two 18 s. pieces.
Q. Do you take it that the money was taken away at different times?
Prosecutor. I never miss'd any but that time; which was as I said before, ten guineas and two 18 s. pieces.
Q. Do you suppose she took it all at one time ?
Prosecutor. Yes; without she took any on the Saturday night before; they were taken away between the Saturday night and Sunday morning.
Q. What time had you seen it last before you miss'd it?
Prosecutor. I had look'd at it on the Saturday morning the seventeenth the money was all there then; and I miss'd it on Sunday morning between ten and eleven.
Q. to Kemp. What became of 
               
                  Honour 
                  Whitcome 
               



             ?
Kemp. On the Tuesday night the constable was desired to take her in custody, and bring her again the next morning; then Mrs Whitcome was along with her before Mr Welch; they were taken from there to a public-house, and there Mr Thomas, the constable, took five guineas of Mrs Whitcome's brother to let go home for the night, and the brother was to see her forth-coming on the next morning; this was to prevent her going to the round-house, she having a young child; the constable took pity of that, and thought he could depend on seeing her in the morning, she being a housekeeper in the neighbourhood.
Q. Where is the constable?
Kemp. He is very ill in bed.
The Attorney for the prosecution. We have indicted the constable for this misdemeanour; for the next morning the woman had made her escape.
Court. You have done right.
Kemp. The prisoner declared before justice Welch, that Mrs Whitcome was the person that desired her to rob her master, and she was to buy her a new gown, but never did.


                  Edward 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I was present when the girl at the bar was taken and carried before the justice; there she confess'd she had robb'd her master several times; that she had taken brandy and shrub and carried them to Mrs Whitcome's.
Q. Did she mention particulars ?
Morgan. She said she had taken two guineas at one time, and two at another, and an 18 s. piece, which she did not know what it was.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


