





21. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Fennley 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver tooth-pick-case, value 20 s. one silver tea-spoon, value 2 s. one Dutch purse, value 5 s. one mettle snuff-box, gilt; 5 louis-d'ores; 1 ducat; one 36 s. piece, and 20 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Duplan 
                  




                
            , May 9
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Duplan 
               



            . My husband is named Benjamin, the prisoner was my servant
, she ask'd me leave to go down the garden, she left the back-door open; I found she did not return, I went to see where she was, and she was gone out at the garden-door , and I never heard of her 'till the 6th of Nov. at eleven at night. Since she has been gone, I miss'd a Dutch purse, and several pieces of foreign gold, a toothpick-case, and metal snuff-box gilt, and some shillings and sixpences.
Q. Name the pieces of foreign gold.

E. Duplan. A double louis-d'or and a single louis-d'or, one ducat, and one 36 s. of Portugal money; I always us'd to keep them lock'd up, but I found the drawer open.
Q. Do you think it was opened by any body, or that you left it open?
E. Duplan. I might have left it open, I can't say.
Q. In what room was it?
E. Duplan. It was a chamber, the prisoner was nursery-maid.
Q. Have you found any of the things again?
E. Duplan. No, I have not; she owned to the taking of them all before the Justice; and she went with the constable and me to the places where she had sold some of the things, but the people said they had parted with them; she said one 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Price 
               



             induc'd her to do it.


                  William 
                  Garnon 
               



            . I had a warrant put into my hands on the 15th of May last, against the prisoner, and on the 7th of November she came back to her mistress's again; the prosecutrix sent for me, there was the prisoner in the kitchen; I talk'd with her, she own'd she had taken these things, and that 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Price 
               



             was concerned with her; the prisoner shewed us the places where she sold the things, but we could not find any thing again.
Q. to the prosecutrix. How came she to come to you so late at night?
Prosecutrix. She said she came to ask me forgiveness, so I charg'd a watchman with her.
Prisoner's defence. I was set on or I should not have done it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


