





384. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Hanford 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one tea chest, value 12 s. six silver tea spoons, value 5 s. one silver strainer, one pair of tea tongs, one sattin petticoat, seven shifts, two yards and a half of holland, one bob tail gown, one horse-hair hat, one pair of stays, one linen handkerchief, one pair of worsted stockings, and other things, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Lawson 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in the dwelling house of Joseph Gray
            , May 9
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Lawson 
               



            . I live in Salisbury-street in the Strand


. The prisoner was my servant
, she liv'd with me about a week, which was last Thursday fortnight; when she went away I miss'd these goods mentioned in the indictment: the seven shifts were in a drawer, the other things she took out of the dining-room; I got a warrant, and we found her in Castle-street, Long acre, last Tuesday morning; a gown and some shifts were lying on her bed, and some of the things she had on: she said two of the shifts were pawn'd and some things sold; I went and found them by her directions.


                  Christian 
                  Jones 
               



            . I live in Monmouth-street: here are a pair of stays I bought of the prisoner: I bought a scarlet cloak also, but I had sold that; the prisoner and another woman brought them the 11th of this month, the prisoner took the money. The Prosecutor look'd on the stays, and said they were her property. 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Blowers 
               



            , the constable, confirmed the taking her confession, and finding the things. The prisoner had nothing to say.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


