





81. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one feather bed value 5 s. one quilt value 1 s. one pair of linnen sheets, one washing tub, three pottage-pots, one pair of bellows, one copper tea-kettle, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Crosly 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in a certain lodging room let by contract, &c
            . October 1
. ||


                  Martha 
                  Crosly 
               



            . I let the prisoner a room about May last ready furnished, and she has from time to time taken away the goods mentioned in the indictment, and I was informed she had pawned them in divers places, so I took her up on New-Year's-Day, and she begged forgiveness, and said she would fetch them again as soon as she could; she told me the bed was at Mr. Peacock's.


                  Daniel 
                  Peacock 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned the bed to me for 4 l. and she also brought a linnen sheet and a washing tub.
Prosecutrix. I have seen these things at Mr. Peacock's, and they are my property.


                  James 
                  Noar 
               



            . The prisoner brought the two iron pots and pawned them with me for eight-pence, and a quilt for one shilling.
Prosecutrix. I have seen these things at the witness's house, and they are my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have lived in the prosecutrix's house ever since last April, and have had a great deal of illness, and could not pay the rent of the room. I gave her a shilling the Saturday after Christmas-day, and went to work on the Monday, and came home again at night; going out on the Tuesday morning she brought an officer after me, and took me before justice Gower ; then I gave her the key. Ask her, if she did not say to me, she did not care what became of the things so that she had them again, or how I got my money, either by thieving or whoring.
Prosecutrix, I never said any such thing.
To her Character.


                  Anne 
                  Chappel 
               



            . I have known the prisoner six or seven years, but never knew her wrong any body; she always seemed to endeavour to get an honest livelihood.


                  Mary 
                  Cannear 
               



            . I have known her six years, and she is honest for what I know.


                  Anne 
                  Hodges 
               



            . I have known her 16 or 17 years, and she is a very honest working body.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


