





78. (L.) 
               
                  Jane, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Dutton 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen shirt, value 3 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Beck 
                  




                
            , Dec. 30
. ||


                  Joseph 
                  Beck 
               



            . I live in Aldersgate-street


, and am master of the Work-house
; the prisoner is one of our poor in the house; we had two hundred shirts in the committee-room, that we make for the army.
Q. Whose property are they?

Beck. I am in charge of them, the prisoner took one of the shirts.
Q. How do you know that?
Beck. She own'd to me that she took it and carried it to a Pawn-broker in Golden-lane, and he would not take it in; then she went to Red-Lion-Market, White-Cross-street, and pawn'd it for two shillings; there I went and found it; I took her before the sitting Alderman; there she said the same; we have threepence a piece for making the shirts, and the Church-Warden allows the person that makes them a penny for each shirt.


                  Amy 
                  Holeman 
               



            . The prisoner and I were going out in the morning, in order to go to work, (we go out to daily labour, and go to the Work-house to lie) she went back and I followed her; she went into the committee-room; I said to her what business have you there; she said, I have got nothing; I saw her put something into her pocket; she pull'd it out when she got on the out side of the gate; then I saw it was a new shirt; the shirt produced.
Q. Look at this shirt?


                  Amy 
                  Holeman 
               



            . (She takes it in her hand) here is the letter S upon it, near the collar, which Mr Beck put on it; pointing to it.
Q. When did he put that letter on it?


                  Amy 
                  Holeman 
               



            . When he fetched it from the Pawn-broker's: I heard her own she took it before Mr Beck went for it to the Pawn-broker's.
Prisoner's defence. That witness saw me take it, and went with me to the Pawn-broker's, and had part of the money.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


