





163. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Scrivner 
                  



               
            , was indicted 


               for stealing one silver quart mug, value five pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Butler 
                  




                
            , Jan. 28
. ||


                  John 
                  Butler 
               



            . I keep the King's-Arms Inn by Clare-Market




: I lost a little quart mug on the 28th of January; the prisoner was drinking at my house that afternoon with three or four more men out of that mug; I did not miss it till Mr. Wilmot sent a messenger to me to know whether I had lost such a mug, which was within half an hour after the prisoner left my house: I went to Mr. Wilmot's house, where I saw the prisoner at the bar and this mug. (Produced in court.)
Mr. Wilmot. On the 28th of January, about seven in the evening, the prisoner brought the silver mug to my house, and said his name was Durham, and that he lived at the glass-house in Fleet-street: said I, you are not that Mr. Durham: he said he was his brother; said I, if your brother will come and satisfy me it is yours, I'll lend you money upon it: I sent my servant over to Mr. Durham's to enquire, and in that time the prisoner desired I'd either let him have some money on it, or the tankard again: I said, I did not chuse that; he threatened me, and went from the shop; I laid hold on him; he turned about and we collared each other; I kept him till my man came back, who said Mr. Durham was not at home; then the prisoner mentioned another man in the neighbourhood, one Mr. Clark, whom he knew, who advertises to take things out of pawn; Mr. Clark let me know the prisoner had been there, that he did not know any thing of him: then I sent over to Mr. Durham for some body to come to confront the prisoner; the maid came and said, the prisoner was not her master or master's brother; he still insisted upon it that his name was Durham. I asked him if he knew what letters were upon the handle? he answered he did not know: then I sent for a constable; he called after the young man and said, he need not go for a constable, but told us where he had it, saying, it was Mr. Butler's of King-street, Clare-Market ; then I sent for Mr. Butler.
Q. from the prisoner. Ask Mr. Butler what was my character before?
Butler. I have nothing to say against his character before this, I have known him but about two months before this; he is a glass polisher
.
Robertson's defence.
I was very much in liquor, my intent was to have pledged it, and when I had got money to have redeemed it again.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


