





251. (L.) 
               
                  Martha 
                  Marshall 
               



            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pullin 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , February 4
. ++.


                  William 
                  Pullin 
               



            . I live at the ditch-side at the Shepherd and Goat, I am a coachman
. On the 4th of February, about a quarter after twelve at night, as I was coming home from the Bull and Garter in the Fleet-Market


, being a little in for it, the prisoner picked me up, and I was concerned with her ; I had put my watch in my handkerchief, and then in my coat pocket. I lighted of her at the upper end of the Market, and was about an hour with her. I did not miss it till after I got home: she was taken up the 29th of February: Before the justice she own'd the taken my watch and handkerchief. The constable has the watch, his name is King, he lives in Newtoner's-Lane. ( He produced the chain and two seals that were on the watch, which the constable return'd him.)
Q. What watch was it?
Pullin. A silver watch.


                  Daniel 
                  Stebbing 
               



            . The prosecutor lives with me, he knew her and described her to me: he had intelligence where the woman was: I and another man went and found her; we asked her, if she was the woman that robbed the prosecutor of his watch ; she said, she was; that she picked his pocket, but did not think there had been a watch in the handkerchief when she took it.
Q. How long was this after the robbery?
Stebbing. This was about three weeks after that ; she said she would carry us to the man she sold it to, one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morris 
               



            , that owns the lodging house where she lodged; she knew the prosecutor and his name very well; and as soon as she saw him, she said, that is the man that I had the watch of; she said, after he was gone from her she went to pull the handkerchief out of her pocket, and the watch fell out of the handkerchief. We took her before a Justice in Bow-street, there she owned it before the Justice.
Q. What did she say she sold the watch for?
Stebbing. She said, she sold that for a guinea, and the man proved a rogue and gave her but 15 s. we went to that lodging house; the man went off, and has not been heard of since; there was an old man there, he said, he knew nothing of it; after they found we had got the woman, they advertised the watch in the hop-garden, one of the lodgers of the house carried it down there, as they have owned since.
Q. to the prosecutor. Did you know the prisoner before?
Pullin. I don't know that ever I saw her before she robbed me.
Prisoner's defence.
I met this man, he picked me up one night, he would not let me go home; he made a bargain to do what he should not do; he would not let me go till he did ; after he was gone I saw the handkerchief lying, when I took it up there was the watch in it.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


