






288. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Holford 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Dickinson 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one silver mug, value 38 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cockburn 
                  




                
            , Aug. 30
. ++


                  John 
                  Cockburn 
               



            . I keep an Ale-house
 in St. Katherine's.


 On the 30th of Aug. last the two prisoners at the bar came to my house, and call'd for a pint of beer. It was brought them in a pewter pint mug. When they were gone I miss'd a silver pint mug. Holford used often to be at my house, being an apprentice to a neighbour of mine. They offered it to sale to a silver-smith in Leaden-hall-street, and he brought them to me. We took them before my Lord Mayor, there they confess'd it. Holford confess'd, Dickinson reach'd over the iron rails at the bar and took it out, and concealed it under the table, 'till such time as they had an opportunity to go out with it; then they went to the half-way house between Stepney and London, and stole a hammer and a knife, with which they cut the mug to pieces, produc'd in court in pieces, and depos'd to. Here is my name at length, and sign, upon the pieces. Here is all within the value of about half an ounce.
Job Tripp. I am a silver-smith, and live in Leadenhall-street. Dickinson brought this silver handle of a mug to sell to me on the 31st of 
               
                  August 
                  It 
               



             being broke gave me a suspicion that it was stolen. I tax'd him with it; he began to want to go away; I laid hold of him, and examined his pockets, and found the remainder in pieces there (the same as produc'd). There came in two gentlemen, the prosecutor was one of them; I desired to know if they had lost any thing. I show'd him part of the silver; then we went before my Lord Mayor, and he swore to the silver by his name being upon it. The prisoner Dickinson there said, he had been on board a French privateer, which he was at the taking, and he and others had taken this mug, and shared it amongst them. He struck in this story about an hour; and after that he owned he took it from the prosecutor's house.
Q. What do you know of the other prisoner?
Tripp. He was waiting in the street when Dickinson was in my shop; but upon my looking out he ran away down Duke's Place.
Prosecutor. Here is some pieces of it in another paper, producing them, that I found upon Holford when taken, part of which makes my name.
Holford's Defence.
I am willing to serve the King.
Dickinson's Defence.
I was counselled to do it, or I had not done it.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


