





653. 
               
                  John 
                  Brown 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stopping 
                     
                        Patrick 
                        Hailey 
                     




                    on the king's high-way with an intent to rob him
            , October 10
.


                  Patrick 
                  Hailey 
               



            . I am an Irishman
; I met the prisoner about a mile and half on this side Hampstead


 about the hour of seven at night on the 10th of October; he came within a small distance of me, I turned about in a fright and asked who that was; said he, it seems you are in a fright; no, said I, I am glad of company; he walked along with me about a mile, then I walked a little faster; when I came near the town, he came up to me and knocked me down with this stick (holding the short end of a broomstick in his hand.)
Q. Where was you when he knocked you down?
Hailey. Near the Foundling-Hospital


; what money I had about me was in my waistcoat pocket; I got him by the legs, and over-powered him ; I took the stick from his hand and gave him some blows; he made haste away; I pursued him, and cried murder ; I seized him the second time; I took the handkerchief which I had about my neck and clapped it about his neck, and cried murder a second time; seeing no assistance I thought to drag him into town, crying out murder at the same time; then he said if I would let him get up he would walk along with me; he put his hand into his pocket, I thought he was looking for a knife, so I took hold of both his hands, and with my other hand took him by the neck and brought him into town. He acknowledged before I brought him to town that he designed to take my money, being drove to necessity, and wanting subsistence. My hat, wig, weights and scales which I had on my head, together with his hat and wig, were found at the place where he knocked me down.
Prisoner's Defence.
In the first place he says he met me; I overtook the man, he asked me if that was the way to town; I said yes; he went one way and I another; I had walked with him the value of a mile; he made a brush against me, upon which I struck him; then he cried out murder, and said he would swear a robbery against me. I never offered to take any thing from him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


