





336. (L). 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Norris 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , July 13
. *
Henry Norris. On the 12th of July I was going up Queen-street and turning into Bow church-yard


, I felt a person kick against the shoe of my left foot, I immediately put my hand into my pocket, for my handkerchief to wipe my stocking, and mist it, I then thought the person that kick'd my shoe, might be the person that had it; (I had it but about two minutes before in my hand.) I immediately follow'd him up Queen-street pretty briskly, and over-took him just by the late Mr. Stiles's shop the hosier, near the corner; I took him into the shop and told him he had stole my handkerchief, he said he had not, I search'd him, and he had it in his hand behind him under the lapets of his waistcoat, he then said he did not take it, but that another lad that was in company with him had given it to him. I cannot say that he took it out of my pocket.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not do it, I know nothing of it.
For the prisoner.


                  Simon 
                  Plumpton 
               



            . I am a pipe-maker, I know the prisoner at the bar, he is my apprentice, and has been for this five years and half; he was as good a servant as ever man need to have, I never heard any harm of him.


                  Joseph 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am uncle to the prisoner, I have known him from his birth, and never heard any blemish in his character till this time.


                  Sarah 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I have known him from his birth, he always bore a very good character till now.


                  William 
                  Ogdon 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was born, and never heard any blemish in his character before this time.


                  William 
                  Cannon 
               



            . I keep a publick house, this lad has come constantly to my house (with his master's leave) to serve me; I thought him to be the honestest and modestest boy I ever saw.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


