





280. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Philips 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of stone shoe-buckles set in silver, val. 20 s. one pair of stone knee-buckles set in silver, one stone stock-buckle, one pair of garnet ear-rings, one motto ring, one stone hat-buckle set in silver, one silver hair-piece, and three pair of stone studs
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Maynard 
                  




                
            , Dec. 20, 1751
. + .


                  Charles 
                  Maynard 
               



            . I am a jeweller
, and the prisoner was my journeyman
. On the 20th of December was two years I miss'd a pair of stone shoe-buckles and a pair of knee-buckles. I suspected the prisoner, and going to Justice Fielding's took out two search warrants, one against Mr. Pain of Golden-Lane, the other against Mr. Warner of St. John's-street. I went to Golden-lane and found some part of the goods, the buckles, which I miss'd the night before, and several other things which I had missed, but could not charge upon any particular person before. There was a ring, three pair of studs, one hat-buckle, and a shoe and knee-buckle, which I miss'd the night before. The others I found at Mr. Warner's, the other pawnbroker; there were five silver seal stocks, a pair of garnet earrings set in gold, a stone stock-buckle set in silver, and a silver hairpiece. The constable took them in his possession, and has had them ever since. The buckles were in possession of the prisoner the day before I missed them, and when I found the goods his name was upon all the tickets.
Q. from the prisoner. Can you swear that I took them out of your shop and pawned them ?
Maynard. I cannot swear that he did. I can only swear they are my goods, and that I found them at the pawnbroker's in his name.


                  William 
                  Musgrave 
               



            . I served my time, and work journey-work with the last witness; last Christmas was two years my master missed these goods, and I went to see after the prisoner, but could not find him. My master had some intelligence that the prisoner had pawned the goods. As I was going along in order to see after them, I met him; he told me of the two pawnbrokers. Barnes (who is since dead, and whose widow is married to one Pain) was one, and Warner the other. He said the shoe-buckles were at Barnes's, but did not mention what was at Warner's.
Q. Did he tell you how they came there?
Musgrave. He told me he had left the shoe and knee-buckles at Barnes's, but did not mention where the rest were.
Q. Did the prisoner say he pawned them by direction of his master?
Musgrave. He never mentioned a word about it, but only said he had left them there.


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I was constable at that time, and served the search warrants, one at Mr. Pain's in Golden-lane, and the other in St. John's-street, where we found these goods, [producing them] which were deposed to by Mr. Maynard.
Q. to Maynard. How came you not to prosecute this man sooner?
Maynard. He has been gone down to Birmingham for these two years past. I made enquiry after him, some told me he was gone to Ireland, some one place and some another, so that I never met with him till within about five weeks.


                  Francis 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pain. On the 22d of August in the year 51 the prisoner brought a ring to me, and I lent him 5 s. upon it.
Q. What sort of a ring was this?
Smith. I do not remember: I think to the best of my knowledge it was a mourning ring. On the 16th of Sept. following he brought me a buckle, I think it was a hat-buckle, or a girdle-buckle; on the 9th of December he brought me three pair of cypher studs, I lent him three shillings upon them; on the 20th of December he brought a pair of buckle-rims, I lent him fifteen shillings upon them; they were all the goods he brought to our house. On the 21st the prosecutor and the constable came and served a warrant upon my master, he produced the goods, and Mr. Maynard swore to them.
Q. What became of the goods?
Smith. They were delivered into the constable's hands.
Q. Look at the goods, and see whether they are the same that were delivered to the constable?
Smith. I am positive the buckle-rims are part of them.
Q. Were all the goods that were delivered to the constable, brought by the prisoner?
Smith. They were; I have known him three years before.
Q. to Maynard. Are these the goods you lost?
Maynard. They are what I lost, they are my property.
Nathanael Warner. I am a pawnbroker, I know the prisoner very well: On the 30th of August, 1751, he brought to my house one stock-buckle, I lent him three shillings upon it; on the 4th of December he brought me five seal-stocks, I lent him two shillings upon them; on the 21st of December the search-warrant came from justice Fielding, brought by Mr. Maynard and the constable; I told them whatever their demands were I would give them without trouble; they demanded the five seal-stocks and the stock-buckle; I told them I thought I had something more in my house that they should have; I found a pair of garnet ear-rings, which came on the 10th of August, I lent him two shillings upon them; there was also one single hair-piece, which is here present, worth about fourteen-pence, that was pawned the 20th of December, I lent him six-pence upon that; I shewed them to Mr. Maynard, he said they were his property; then said I, take them, for I desire to have no man's property in my house: he swore to them before justice Fielding, and they were delivered to the constable; am sure they are the goods that were brought to my house.
Q. to Maynard. Are these your property?
Maynard. They are my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had an execution out against me at the Court of Conscience for missing payment, and I never was before a justice. When I met Musgrave he told me, my master was going to have a warrant for me, I said, for what? he said, for such and such things; I was frightened, and went into the country; I came back about six weeks ago, and surrendered myself to my master, knowing myself innocent.
Q. to Maynard. Did he surrender himself voluntarily?
Maynard. Five or six weeks ago I believe he came to surrender himself; he had worked for me six years before, and always was a very honest servant, and was able to get his twenty-seven and thirty shillings, I have paid him thirty-six shillings a week very often; I am very sorry I must appear against him now; I have intrusted him to melt gold for me to a considerable sum, and never missed one grain of it.


                  George 
                  Pollard 
               



            . I am a jeweller; I have known the prisoner six or seven years, I have employed him at different times, and found him a very honest man, and a good workman.
Q. to Maynard. Would you take this man again should he be acquitted?
Maynard. As to my taking him again I should not, but here is a person here that would employ him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


