





131. (M.) 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Palmer 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 4 l. one silver watch chain, value 4 s. and one brass watch key, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Foster 
                  




                
            , February 9
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Foster 
               



            . I went up Saltpetre-Bank


 the 5th of this instant, and at the Three-Compasses I call'd for a pint of beer, about half an hour after eleven o'clock at night. The landlord of the house said it was too late to draw it, so I took his answer and went out. The prisoner and another woman were coming out at the same time; they laid hold of me, and forced me with them.
Q. What was the other woman's name?
Foster. They called her Jenny. I went with them to a private house where they lodged, at a place call'd Hog-Yard.
Q. Was you sober?
Foster. I was a little elevated.
Q. Did the other woman go into the room with you and the prisoner?
Foster. She did, staid about a quarter of an hour, and then went out.
Q. Are you sure you had your watch when you went into their company?
Foster. I am sure I had it at the time of my going into the house with them, for I felt it in my fob after I was in the house.
Q. Had you it in your pocket after the other woman was gone out of the room?
Foster. I had, and missed it about a quarter of an hour after she was gone; I staid there all night.
Q. How came you to do so after you missed your watch?
Foster. Because the prisoner had left me in the house with nobody but a little girl, so I staid there, and in the morning I inquired at the Three-Compasses. I was afraid I should not find the house again if I went away in the dark.
Q. Did any other person come into your company, besides the prisoner, between the time the other woman went out and your missing the watch?
Foster. There was nobody with me in that time but the prisoner at the bar, whom I met with at the Three-Compasses the next day, and charged her with taking my watch. She said she had pawn'd it.
Q. Did you give or lend it to her?
Foster. I did neither; she took it.
Q. Did you consent to her taking it?
Foster. No, I did not.
Q. What was the value of it?
Foster. It is a silver watch, value 4 l 4 s. with the silver chain.
Q. Did you know the time she took it?
Foster. No. I challenged her with taking it as we were on the bed, and she left me immediately.
Q. from prisoner. Did not you leave this watch in pawn for 12 s.?
Foster. No,
Q. from prisoner. Did not you lie with me all night?
Foster. No.
Q. from prisoner. Did not you leave it in pawn with my landlady?
Foster. No; there was no landlady in the house but you. I don't know whose house it was.
Q. Did you give the prisoner any thing?
Foster. I gave her a shilling.


                  Edmund 
                  Davis 
               



            . I am a constable. On the 6th of February I was sent for to the Three-Compasses, where the prosecutor charged me with the prisoner (she was charged with having his watch ) who did not disown having it, but said it was in pawn, but would not say where. We courted her much to tell us where it was, but she used us with much ill manners. We took her before the justice, who asked her where she had pawn'd the watch, but she would not tell. He made her mittimus, and we were to carry her to New-Prison, Clerkenwell. When we came near the Tower Gaol she said, Constable, if you will go in here I will help the prosecutor to his watch; if he will give me a shilling. I will go and fetch it, it is but three or four doors off. I would not part from her. Then she stooped down, took it out of her stocking, near the calf of her leg, and delivered it to me. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
My landlady lying in, I took care of the house. He came and asked for me, sat down on my knee, and said, Kitty, I have not seen you a good while; how do you do? He said he had no money, so he pawned his watch for twelve shillings with my landlady. We had three bottles of wine, a crown he gave me for laying with him all night, and a shilling for the bed. He had been with me three or four times before.
Prosecutor. I never saw her before.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


