





97. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Armstrong 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 2 pair of worsted stockings, and 2 worsted stockings, 1 linen shirt, 1 cheque apron, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hughes 
                        



                      
                  , and 1 muslin neckcloth
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Barnaby 
                     Hughes 
                  



                
            , Dec. 17
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Hughes 
               



            . On the 17th of last month I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, and they were found again in the prisoner's pockets.
Q. Where do you live?
Hughes. I live in Holywell-Lane, Shoreditch parish.
Q. Did the prisoner live with you?
Hughes. He work'd with me, and had been down stairs where the things were; after that he was observed to go out-with another man's coat on his back, upon which we pursued him.
Q. How long had he work'd with you?
Hughes. He had work'd with me much about a month.
Q. Where was the prisoner taken ?
Hughes. We took him in Winifred-street, Whitechapel, and brought him back, when we delivered him to the watch, and saw the watchman take the things from him.
Q. Name what things.
Hughes. There were
Two pair of worsted stockings
Two odd stockings
One shirt
A cheque apron
He had one pair of the stockings here mentioned on his legs. These were all produced in court and sworn to.


                  Thomas 
                  Rumbolt 
               



            . I am constable. On the 17th of last month I had the prisoner delivered in charge to me. I searched him in the watch-house, and found these goods here produced upon him. I have had them in my custody ever since.
Q. Did the prisoner confess any thing how he came by them?
Rumbolt. He said a woman gave them to him, but would not tell who that woman was.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you hear the prisoner own any thing?
Prosecutor. He said, at the time I took him, he had my wife's apron, but did not know where it was. That was on the outside of the other things.


                  Barnaby 
                  Hughes 
               



            . This muslin neckcloth (holding one in his hand) is my property.
Q. to constable. Where was that found?
Constable. I found it on the prisoner among the other things.
Prisoner's defence.
They asked me where such and such things were, to which I answered I did not know.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


