






9, 10. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     More 
                  



                
            , Widow
, and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Deverix 
                  



                
            , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing eleven handkerchiefs, silk and cotton, called soosea Handkerchiefs, value 20 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Caleb 
                           Mathews 
                        




                      
                  , in his shop
            , Nov. 22
. ++


                  John 
                  Stephens 
               



            . I live with Mr. Matthews, at the Halfmoon, in Newgate-street


, he is a linendraper
. The two prisoners came into his shop on Monday, the 22 of Nov. under pretence of buying an ell of cloth; they gave me a deal of trouble, they bid me cut it off, and paid me for it. They went out for about eight or ten minutes, and came again; and told me they wanted to look at some more to make a shift. Master came forward and gave me orders to watch them, I did; and thought Deverix had something under her left arm, she had a cloak on, I saw it was coloured by a little bit that hung down, I thought it was check. They both went out without buying then. I told master they had something; he bid me go after them, I went to a shoemaker's shop, and took 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



             with me. I took hold on Deverix, near the Salutation and Cat, in the same street. She immediately said, Indeed I have got nothing. The other immediately ran up the passage, Brown ran after her and took hold on her, we brought them back; we met a person about the Hospital-gate, that swore at us, and bid us let them go about their business; when we came into the shop, Brown took the Handkerchiefs out of More's pocket, [produced in court,] a piece of soosea for handkerchiefs, the property of my master, which had been shewed to a customer about half an hour before; one was sold, there were twelve handkerchiefs in the piece.


                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



            . My master lives next door to Mr. Matthews. The last Evidence came and told me, I went with him, he confirmed the above.



                  Edward 
                  Chinia 
               



            , I am Constable, I was sent for, the goods was deliver'd to me, when I came they were seald up, and I kept them ever since, in searching them, I found 2 handkerchiefs in More's pocket, which were not made up.
Deverix's Defence.
Mrs. More and I had work'd together at Pencelling, she came to me and said she wanted a piece of Irish cloath. I went with her into the gentleman's shop, we could not agree, for the last peice we came directly out of the door, she went to go up a court, the gentleman came and took hold of me, I know'd nothing of any thing being taken.
More's Defence.
I went to Mrs. Deverix, she went to help me into work; I said I would buy a little doulass to make my child a shift, they would not take my money, we went out at the door; we went in again, and cheapen'd a bit of Irish to make sleves, we went out, I was taken bad in the street and went up that yard; as soon as he came, I went back with him, I stood by the place where there are handkerchiefs, but never had any such thing in my pocket.


                  Hannah 
                  Porter 
               



            . I live just by St. George's Church, I have known More about 14 years, I never heard any thing amiss of her; I know nothing of Deverix.


                  William 
                  Lanham 
               



            . I have known More 7 or 8 years, I never heard any ill of her, I have seen the other once or twice, but know nothing of her.
Becket Mitchel. I have known More 10 years, I keep the 3 Cups Inn in Holbourn, she and her Husband both liv'd once in my house, I never heard an ill thing of her in my Life.


                  Martha 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live at Cow-Cross, I take in pencilling for a callico-printer, I have known Deverix 7 months, she is a Penciller, she served me faithfully and honestly, she might have carried away pieces of 7 or 8 pounds value; I never missed any thing, she had left my service about a month being taken ill.


                  Thomas 
                  Gurney 
               



            . I have workt years for a gentleman where the 2 prisoners pencilled; as to More by seeing her at the bar I know her again, I have seen her come and go with others to and from work, it is not in my power to speak well or ill of her, as to her general character, not knowing her name, till I heard 2 of them were in trouble; I have known Deverix 2 or 3 years, and us'd to look upon her as an honest inoffensive body, but she has been gone from us about a year, so cannot say any thing to her conduct from that time.
More 


               Guilty 10 d
            .
Deverix 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


