





491. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Sparks 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, val. 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Robson 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Oct. 20
. + .


                  John 
                  Robson 
               



            . Last Sunday, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, as I was coming down Fleet Market


 I felt something tugging at my pocket; I looked round and saw my handkerchief in the prisoner's hand; I told him it was mine; he threw it down and ran away; I followed him, and he was taken in the next court to Field Lane, Holbourn.
Q. Had you him in your sight all the time?
Robson. He was never out of my sight only the time he ran into a house, and up stairs, and he fell out of a window directly, and was there taken.


                  Barnard 
                  Cape 
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar put his left hand into the right hand pocket of the prosecutor, about 3 in the afternoon last Sunday; I saw him also pull out a handkerchief. I was having my shoes cleaned just by them. The gentleman turned about; I said, Sir, that fellow has picked your pocket; I said sue him; said he, will you insist me? Away ran the prisoner up into an alley; I followed him; he ran into a house, and we through the house; there lay the prisoner all alongside; I thought he had been dead; he tumbled out of a window; there we took him.
Question from the Prisoner. Were there not 5 or 6 young lads running by at the time you lost your handkerchief?
Prosecutor. I saw none but the prisoner.
Cape. There was another with the prisoner; he went on the other side the prosecutor; he ran off; they seemed to be companions.
Prisoner's Defence.
I hope you'll take pity on my youth; I'll never do so any more.
To his character.


                  Mary 
                  Manwaring 
               



            . I know no hurt of the boy; he did belong to the glass-house in White-Friars, but lately he has not been so good as he ought to have been.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


