





419. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Heath 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that he, on the 13th of September
, about the hour of three in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Holyland 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, one pair of silver knee buckles set with crystal stones, value 10 s. forty-eight counterfeit half-pence, value 3 d. one iron tobacco box, value one penny, one guinea and one 36 s. piece of gold, and twenty-one shillings in money number'd, the goods and money of Christopher Holyland, and five shillings in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Mitchel 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Christopher, did steal, take, and carry away
            . ++


                  Sarah 
                  Brandiss 
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Holyland, at the Bell in Friday-Street


. On the 14th of September, when I came down in the morning, I found a book-cafe door open, that I never saw open but once before; it was in the room behind the bar. I observed it was broke open, and also that the till in the bar was broke. I said to the porter, What have you been doing, as the locks are broke open? but he made me no answer. I went up, and told the drawer the locks were broke open. We came down, and found the two drawers out of the book-cafe and the till in different places. The window on the ground floor was open, which had been fasten'd the night before; and there was a box belonging to our little boy lying open, which he said his money was in.
Q. Was the prisoner a servant in that house?
S. Brandiss. He had been, but not in my time.
Cross Examination.
Q. Where did the porter lie?
S. Brandiss. About four yards from the place that was broke open.
Q. Where did the boy lie?
S. Brandiss. He lay with him, but the porter was very much in liquor.


                  Nicholas 
                  Silver 
               



            . I was a servant in the house at the time.
Q. In what capacity?
Silver. I was waiter there. The last witness came up stairs, and told me as she has here mentioned. I went down with her, and saw the wood cut away from the door of the book cafe; it was wrench'd away from the lock, and I found a cooper's tap-borer left there. I went up stairs and found a window open, and a ladder of ropes in the room; the corner of the lead-work was turn'd up from the wood.
Q. How long had the prisoner been gone away then?
Silver. He had been discharged about eleven months.


                  Mary 
                  Holyland 
               



            . My husband keeps the Bell tavern in Friday Street. I went to bed betwixt eleven and twelve on the 13th of September, and lock'd the doors myself. I saw the parlour windows fronting Friday-Street bolted. Next morning I was told my house had been rob'd. I went down and examined the book-cafe (which was broke open with a borer) and missed a pair of stone buckles which I had put there myself; two parcels of money, one about thirty shillings, the other about forty; I saw a guinea among it. I had the keys of this case, which stands behind the bar, the till of which was also broke open, wherein there were about the value of five shillings in good halfpence and a paper of bad halfpence, about two shillings worth; there was also an iron box with about five shillings in it belonging to one of the apprentices, and a bit of paper containing an account of what I laid out for him, which paper I always kept in that box, and put the box in the till. I wrote upon that paper what I paid for the boy after Mr. Holyland went out of town; it consisted of some of my husband's writing and some mine.
Council. This paper was sealed up by the grand jury.
Q. Look at this paper.
M. Holyland. This is the same paper that I mean, which I kept in the tobacco box. The last time I wrote upon it I put it into it, put the box in the till, and had the key in my own possession.
Q. How came you to fix upon the prisoner, to take him up?
M. Holyland. Mr. Willets a plaisterer and two of his men came and told me they saw a man in Distaff-Lane, between the hours of three and five, describing his person and voice, which answer'd that of the prisoner; upon which I caused him to be taken up, my husband being out of town. The constable brought the prisoner to my house, who ask'd me what I had to alledge against him. I desired the constable to take him somewhere else, and he carried him to the Bull head in Bread Street. When he found he was going before my Lord mayor he desired to speak with me; he said he was quite innocent of the thing charged against him, but rather than be exposed he would make it up, and laid down I believe ten shillings upon the table, saying if that was not sufficient, and he had enough in the world, he would give it.
Cross Examination.
Q. from Prisoner. The constable that took me up said, If I would own it she would make it up for 3 or 4 guineas, is not that true?
M. Holyland. No, I know of no such thing.
Q. How long before this robbery was it that you wrote upon this paper?
M. Holyland. I wrote upon it some time in September.
Q. How much money might you lose?
M. Holyland. There was about 10 s. lost out of the till
Q. What out of the book cafe?
M. Holyland. Two parcels of money, one about thirty shillings, the other about forty.
Council for the Crown. Had you any occasion to open the box, from the time you wrote upon this paper till this robbery?
M. Holyland. No.


                  James 
                  Compton 
               



            . I am a constable, and took up the prisoner on suspicion of his breaking Mr. Holy-land's house. The next day I went with him before alderman Gosling, where he said that the morning the robbery was committed he was at the Horns in Gutter Lane, having spent the evening there in company till one or two o'clock, when he went away in order to go home, but thinking the family was gone to bed he was not willing to disturb them, and went with a woman of the town, whom he met with at Holbourn-bridge, to some street near the watch house in High Holbourn, where he stay'd and drank some negus; he said he could find the house out, so I went thither with him in a coach, but not being able to find it, tho' we went to all the streets thereabouts, and into several houses, I brought him back to Guildhall. But we found out Mrs. Hays's house, where he said he had bought a handkerchief; they said he had been there that morning and bought a handkerchief, but paid 6 d. short, which he then paid.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did you inquire at the Horns in Gutter-Lane ?
Compton. I did.
Q. How long did they say he staid there?
Compton. They said the house was shut up at two, and he might stay there till half an hour after one.
Q. What time was he at Mrs. Hays's?
Compton. About a quarter after six.


                  William 
                  Willets 
               



            . I am a plaisterer, and live in Distaff-Lane. On the 14th of September I was up at half an hour after three in the morning, and going to Little-Distaff Lane I perceived a man standing upon the step of Cordwainers-Hall (which is about four doors off the prosecutor's house, on the other side of the way) who was about the height and bulk of the prisoner.
Q. Can you say you believe it was he?
Willets. I can not. I tied my garters up at the corner, and the same person came behind; I went then into my own house, where I staid about a quarter of an hour, and went from thence into Cheapside, where my men were at work; I stay'd there till five o'clock, and then sent one of my men home and follow'd him, when I again saw that same person with the sides of the rope-ladder in his hand, I verily believe.


                  Robert 
                  Wright 
               



            . I am a servant to the last witness, that morning I saw a person which I believe to be the prisoner (I can't say down right. ) It was about ten minutes before five o'clock. He ask'd me if I wanted the plaisterers. I said, yes. He said they are gone down the lane.
Q. Did you know this man before that time?
Wright. No, I did not.
Q. Did you hear him speak before the justice?
Wright. I did; but he spake more boldly before the justice than he did to me.


                  Joseph 
                  Timberly 
               



            . I am a plaisterer, I can't swear the prisoner is the man, but the man I saw was about his height and bigness, that very night my master speaks of.



                  Margaret 
                  Ashpinwall 
               



            . I keep the Horns, in Gutter Lane. I remember the time this robbery was committed. The prisoner was at my house, and breakfasted with me between nine and ten. The night before the robbery, he spent the evening (at a club) at my house, and staid till about five minutes before two. I saw him when he went away.
Q. Was he clean or dirty?
M. Ashpinwall. He was very clean.
Q. Did you hear of a wager laid?
M. Ashpinwall. I was in the room, and a half crown was thrown down by the prisoner, to bind the wager, which was for a guinea, and he said he had not a guinea. When they came down the reckoning came to nine-pence each One gentleman paid a shilling, and he insisted they should all pay alike, and leave money for the servant. I gave the prisoner three-pence out of a shilling, and he spent that at the bar in liquor.
Cross examination.
Q. What did he say about the halfpence ?
M. Ashpinwall. He said it was not worth his while to put them in his pocket, as having no more.
Q. Was he in liquor?
M. Ashpinwall. He was in liquor.
Q. What did he drink at the bar ?
M. Ashpinwall. He drank a couple of glasses there.
Q. Did you see he had any thing of bulls about him?
M. Ashpinwall. He had nothing at all about him.
Q. Had he a ladder?
M. Ashpinwall. No.


                  Jane 
                  Clark 
               



            . I live at Mrs. Ann Hays's, at a sale-shop, Middle Row, St. Giles's. The prisoner came to our house on the 14th of last month, at about a quarter after six in the morning, and said he wanted to buy a ruffled shirt. He bought one. It cost nine shillings, and he paid for it in silver. He bought a handkerchief and neckcloth. One cost three shillings, and the other half a crown, and paid that five shillings and six-pence in halfpence. He had several bad halfpence about him, and gave me six-penny worth of them, and said. If I would not take them, he'd throw them away. At his first coming in, he told me he came twenty miles that morning (from Chichester) in the stage coach, to the Packhorse on Turnham Green, and that he had walked from thence to our house, and was very tired, and faint, and wanted to get him a pot of purl; I said, there was none to be got. Then he desired us to get him a pint of rasbury. There was none of that. Then he wanted to get a quartern of gin, and my fellow servant fetch'd it. He had a barber fetch'd, and was shaved, and paid him in halfpence. I joak'd with him, and said, I thought he had stood at a good corner that morning. He said, he had got a great many halfpence, which he took out of his father's bag, and that I had them as he had them.
Q. Was he clean or dirty?
J. Clark. He was extreamly dirty. His hands were of the colour of lead, and he desired to wash them. I carried him some water and soap, and he desired to have a scrubbing brush to get the dirt of his hands. I carried the brush to him, and brush'd the cobwebs off his cloaths.
Q. Did you take notice of any particular piece of paper?
J. Clark. I did. When he pull'd the money out of his coat pocket to pay, he pull'd out a piece of paper with it, which fell down. When he had paid me, he took up the paper and read it, and threw it from him into the window.
Q. Look at this paper.
J. Clark. (She took it in her hand.) Here is the mark I made on it. This is the same. It remain'd in the window till my mistress came home from Kentish Town. Then I told her I had had a customer from Chichester that morning, and that I had sold him a shirt and handkerchief. She thought it might have been a customer of her's these, that with her very largely, and was angry with me for letting him go before she came. I said, I kept him as long as I could, and that he went away about nine, and left a piece of paper behind him, by which she might tell what trade or business he is of. She look'd at it, and said, I can't tell by this; but it is one that is very curious, for he sets down what his shoes and mending costs; I'll lay it by till I see him again, and lock'd it up in her cupboard, in the parlour. I never saw it after, till the 23d of the same month.
Q. How came that paper to light?
J. Clark. On the 23d Mr. Holyland came to our house, and examined me, whether I had seen any thing of his; after he had been told by my mistress, and shewn this paper. When she ask'd him if he knew any thing of that paper, he immediately said it was his and his wife's hand writing. The next day we went before justice Fielding, and there Mr. Holyland swore to the paper, as part of his hand writing.

Cross examination.
Q. When did you see the prisoner the second time?
J. Clark. He came the 14th of September, and I saw him again the Thursday following at Guildhall.
Q. Was there any talk about this paper at Guild-Hall.
J. Clark. It was not mention'd there.
Q. Do you not know some of the servants at Mr. Holyland's?
J. Clark. I did not before the robbery.
Q. Did not one of them frequently come to your house?
J. Clark. No, never; only when they sent for me to come to Guild Hall. That was the drawer that came then.
Q. How came Mr. Holyland to ask you after something more of his property?
J. Clark. He said, he lost some buckles, and ask'd me after them; I said, I saw a pair of buckles, but did not know what they were made of.


                  Mary 
                  Wade 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hays 
               



            , of Middle Row, St. Giles's. The prisoner came to our house and bought a rustled shirt, handkerchief and neckcloth. He paid for the neckcloth and handkerchief in halfpence, and at that time produced six pennyworth of bad ones. At his first coming in, he ask'd if he could be wash'd and shaved there, and I said he might. My fellow servant was in the kitchen at the time.
Q. Was he very dirty?
M. Wade. His hands were. I can't say as to his cloaths.


                  Ann 
                  Hays 
               



            . I was not at home when the prisoner came to my house. When I came home my servant told me there had been a gentleman there, who came from Chichester, and had bought a russtled shirt, handkerchief and neckcloth, and with all he had left a bit of paper, and as she could not read, gave it to me, and I read it. It was about shoes making and mending, and paying for them. I thought it had been a customer of mine that lived at Chichester. I took and lock'd it up directly, thinking if he came again I'd give it him.
Q. Look at this paper.
A. Hays. (She takes it in her hand.) This is the same paper. Here is my name which I wrote upon it.
Q. What did you do with it?
A. Hays. I shew'd it to Mr. Holyland when he came, who desired me to come with it the next day to justice Fielding's, and there it was seal'd up to go before the grand jury.
Cross Examination.
Q. Was you not at home when the prisoners came to your house?
A. Hays. I was not when he bought the things, but was at home when he came afterwards with the other persons.
Q. What was the reason you did not shew them this paper then?
A. Hays. Really I did not think of it then.


                  Christopher 
                  Holyland 
               



            . This paper (taking it in his hand) is of my own and my wife's writing.
Q. What is the nature of the paper?
Holyland. It is an account of money paid for mending and making shoes for our apprentice.
Q. Where was this paper kept?
Holyland. It was generally kept in an iron tobacco box, with the boy's money, and put in the till; we have four partitions in the till, and it was kept in the back partition.
Q. Who had the care of the till?
Holyland. My wife had at that time, I being out of town when the robbery was committed.
Cross examination.
Q. How near to the till and book-cafe did your servant lie?
Holyland. He lay in an open place in the entry, not a great distance off.
Q. At coming down stairs are not you obliged to go through that entry to go to the book-cafe?
Holyland. Yes, we are.
Q. Are there not doors between?
Holyland. There are two, but they are always left open.
Q. Does not one of your boys lie with the servant?
Holyland. Yes, he does.
Q. How high is your one pair of stairs window?
Holyland. It is 14 or 15 foot; I mean that which fronts Distaff Lane, the room the rope-ladder was found in.
Q. Do you think a drunken man could get up 14 or 15 foot high, then open a window and come down, and not awaken your servant?
Holyland. The ladder I apprehend to be just the same as any other ladder; it is very unlikely it should be done without awaking my servant, but that it was done is certain; and the best reason I can give for it is this, My porter goes to bed earlier when I have company in the house than when I have not (we had four or five companies that day) he usually goes to bed between eleven and twelve, in order to get up to do the business of the house, and sometimes he goes to bed in liquor.
Q. Does your boy get in liquor?
Holyland. No, he does not.
Q. What were the contents of that piece of paper?
Holyland. The boy's little accounts were kept on it.
Q. Give an account how you first saw this piece of paper again.
Holyland. I came to town on the 20th of September and a day or two after being inform'd that a pair of buckles had been seen in Middle Row, at a shop where the prisoner had been, I went to the woman, who told me she saw a pair of buckles, but she could not take upon her to say they had stones set in them; she then ask'd me if I had lost any paper, and on my reply that I could not tell, she open'd a place and took out this paper, which I told her was mine, desiring her to take care of it, and bring it with her on the morrow.
Q. Did the prisoner once live with you?
Holyland. He did.
Q. to Mrs. Holyland. Look at this paper; see if you can find your own hand-writing.
Mrs. Holyland. Yes, here is my writing upon it, (pointing to it.)
Mrs. Langley. The prisoner lodged with me.
Q. Did he lie at home the night this robbery was committed?
Mrs. Langley. No, he did not.
Q. Where do you live?
Mrs. Langley. I live in the Fleet-market.
Cross Examination.
Q. Was he generally pretty regular as to coming home in the evening?
Mrs. Langley. He was.
Q. What is his general character?
Mrs. Langley. A very sober well behaved man, a man that I have trusted with a great deal; he has behaved exceeding well.
Q. Did you ever know him distress'd for want of money?
Mrs. Langley. No, never.
Q. Did he ever stay out in this manner before?
Mrs. Langley. He has staid out on nights before that time, but then I thought he might be at his uncle's.
Q. Has that been the case often?
Mrs. Langley. He has staid out two or three nights before.
Q. How long did he lodge at your house?
Mrs. Langley. I can't say how long; I believe about five months.
Q. Did you ever apprehend, when he has stay'd out, that he was about such business as he is now charged with?
Mrs. Langley. No, never.
Q. Had he an opportunity to have rob'd you of any thing?
Mrs. Langley. He had, of a great deal of money both in my drawers and shop, had he been so minded. I have trusted him to take money in my shop, and to go to my drawers; he has been a week together in my shop, while I have been in the country.
Q. What is your shop?
Mrs. Langley. It is in the coal trade: I have trusted him with 10 l. at a time; he has been faithful and just.
Prisoner's defence.
I am quite innocent, I know nothing at all of what I am charged with, nor of that paper.
For the prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Rakstraw 
               



            . I was at the club, at the Horns in Gutter Lane, on the 13th of September, and the prisoner at the bar was there at the same time.
Q. How long did you stay?
Rakstraw. I stay'd there till the watchman was going two as I went out at the door; the prisoner went out when I did.
Q. Was he sober ?
Rakstraw. He could not be very sober, because we had drank pretty freely, and we drank some dry drams at the bar going away. I was not very sober myself, neither was he, or any in company.
Q. Where did the prisoner and you part?
Rakstraw. We parted at the door.
Q. Did you observe any thing of a rope ladder that he had got?
Rakstraw. No, I did not.
Q. How long have you known him?
Rakstraw. I have known him a month or better.
Q. How did he behave?
Rakstraw. He behaved exceeding well, which was the cause I took some coals of him.



                  Thomas 
                  Cobb 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about five years.
Q. What is his general character?
Cobb. He was six months along with me, I always believed him to be an honest man. He was never out, but one night, after ten o'clock.
Q. What is your business?
Cobb. I am an upholsterer.
Q. How long is it since he lived with you?
Cobb. It is about nine months ago. He went from me to Mr. Cole in Fleet Street.


                  William 
                  Tipping 
               



            . I have known him about eight years. He serv'd part of his time with me. He was a turnover for about four years.
Q. How was his behaviour?
Tipping. His behaviour was not agreeable while in my service; so I got rid of him as soon as he was out of his time.
Q. How was he as to honesty ?
Tipping. I can't say any thing as to that.


                  John 
                  Shaw 
               



            . I have known him betwixt seven and eight years.
Q. Where do you live?
Shaw. I live in St. John's Street.
Q. What is the prisoner's general character ?
Shaw. He has a very good character. I never heard any thing but that of a well behaved honest man.
Q. What is your business?
Shaw. I am a distiller.


                  Thomas 
                  Wileraham 
               



            . I have known him pretty near two years.
Q. What is his general character?
Wilbraham. I have always known him to be an honest prudent young fellow. He was always good natur'd, and has been a servant in several houses.
Q. What is your business?
Wilbraham. I am a wine-cooper, and now keep a wine cellar.
Isabella Beatley. I have known him about twelve months.
Q. What is his general character?
I. Beatley. He has a very good character: I have trusted him greatly in my shop and business.
Q. What is your business?
I. Beatley. I am a distiller. He has wrote out bills and received money for me. Should he be acquitted of this charge, I believe I should trust him equally as before, from the good opinion I have of him.


                  Benjamin 
                  Sparrow 
               



            . I have known him some time, and never heard any thing bad of him till this affair. When it was his Sunday to go abroad, he would come to my house and go along with me. I have trusted him with upwards of four-score pounds at one time, and at other times forty pounds. He has paid money for me, and brought me receipts for it.
Q. What is his general character?
Sparrow. I always heard a good one of him.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


