





383. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Barnet 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 2 linen shifts, value 4 s. one camblet gown, value 2 s. one linen apron, value 12 d. one silk handkerchief, value 6 d. one linen handkerchief, value 6 d. one pair of worsted hose, value 6 d. one cloth cloak, value 12 d. one iron frying-pan, value 12 d. one brass saucepan, value 12 d. one copper half-pint pot, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burton 
                  




                
            , Sept. 30
. ++


                  John 
                  Burton 
               



            . My wife is out of her senses. I being beadle of the parish
 found the prisoner at the church-warden's door; I ask'd her if she had any business to do; she said, no; so I ask'd her if she would come and look after my wife; I told her the case; she agreed to come. After she was come, she told me her shifts were in pawn; I lent her money to fetch them out. In about a fortnight or three weeks after she was there, I missed some of my things, but I did not part with her till she had been with me two or three months before, which time I missed all the things mentioned in the indictment, and more.
Q. Were all these things at home before you took the prisoner in?
Burton. They were all of them in the room where my wife and she were. I took he r up and charg'd her with taking the things, and she own'd that she had taken and pawned them.
Q. Have you got them again?
Burton. Some of them I have, but they are most of them in pawn still. I have seen some of them at a pawnbroker's in Bride-lane; she told me where they were; she had pawn'd them in her own name.
Prisoner's defence.
I went to the prosecutor's lodger, her name is 
               
                  Elisabeth 
                  Wright 
               



            ; I had lent her the frying-pan, and she said she would bring it home, but he took me up before she brought it again. I pawn'd a callimanco gown for a shilling, a pair of cotton stockings, and a saucepan in Bride-lane; I own I did do it; but then, why did not Mr. Burton turn me away when he first found it?



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


