






94, 95. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Cleaver 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Sharp 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one promissory note, commonly called a bank note, marked No. H 45, value 20 l. being then due and unsatisfied for, against the form of the statute
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , Dec. 18

. *
John Seaker. I live at Coventry; on the 17th of December last, I sent a letter from thence by the post to Newnham and Shipley, in Watling-street, with three bills and a bank note in it.
Q. Look at this bank note?
Seaker. (He takes it in his hand) This was put into that letter.
Q. What did you do with it after it was put in the letter?
 ***The Second Part of these Proceedings will be published in a few Days.






PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON, And also the Gaol Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX, HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 17th, Thursday the 18th, and Friday the 19th of JANUARY, 1759.
In the Thirty-second Year of His MAJESTY'S Reign. NUMBER II. PART II. for the YEAR 1759. Being the Second SESSIONS in the MAYORALTY of The Right Honble Sir 
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GLYN 
                  



               , Knt. LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
LONDON:
Printed, and sold by M. COOPER, at the Globe in Pater-noster-Row, 1759.
[Price Four-pence.]

PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery held for the City of LONDON, &c.



                  JOHN 
                  SEAKER 
               



            . On that morning before ten o'clock I carried it to the Post-Office myself.
Q. Did you yourself put that note into the letter?
Seaker. I saw it put in, and saw it sealed up.
Q. Who wrote the letter ?
Seaker. My father.
It is read in court to this purport.
No. H 45. London 11 Aug. 1758.
I promise to pay to Mess. Walpole and Company, or bearer, upon demand, the sum of 20 l. for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.


                  John 
                  Berrisford 
               



            .
Q. What is your father's name?
Seaker. His name is George.
Q. Is it his note or your's?
Seaker. It was his note.


                  Samuel 
                  Malkin 
               



            . I am master of the Post-Office at Coventry.
Q. Do you remember what was done with the letters on the 17th of last December?
Malkin. I put all the letters that were delivered in at the Post-Office on Sunday the 17th of December last, into the Coventry bag, and tied the bag up, and sealed it with the seal of my office; and afterwards I saw it buckled up in the mail, and put into the packet-cart and set off for Daventry.


                  Thomas 
                  Ravenhill 
               



            . I am an Assistant-Clerk of the Chester road, at the General Post-Office.
Q. Are you acquainted with the customs of the post going backwards and forwards on that road?
Ravenhill. I am.
Q. When does the Coventry bag come out from Coventry about the middle of December?
Ravenhill. It was fetched from thence on the 17th.
Q. Supposing a letter put in there to come out from thence on the 17th; what time should that come to London?
Ravenhill. It should come to London the next day, being the 18th.
Q. Was you engaged in your business on the 18th of December last?
Ravenhill. I was.
Q. Do you remember the mail coming in?
Ravenhill. I do.
Q. Did you examine it?
Ravenhill. I did.
Q. Did the Coventry bag come that day?
Ravenhill. It was to have come that day, but it did not.
Q. Did all the rest of the bags come ?
Ravenhill. They did: I have a list of all the bags contained in that male; as they are taken out they are read over to me one by one.
Q. Had you notice that the mail had been robbed?
Ravenhill. No.


                  John 
                  Rowlands 
               



            . I was before Justice Fielding on the 29th of December; the two prisoners at the bar were there.
Q. What are you?
Rowlands. I belong to the Accomptant's-Office in the Post-Office.
Q. Look upon this paper: (he takes it in his hand)
Rowlands. Here is the name 
               
                  Edward 
                  Cleaver 
               



             wrote at the bottom of it: I saw the prisoner Cleaver write it?
Q. What is that paper ?

Rowlands. It is the confession of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Cleaver 
               



            .
Q. Was it read over to him before he signed it?
Rowlands. It was.
Q. Do you apprehend he heard it read over?
Rowlands. I apprehend he did, and understood it when it was read.
Q. Whether or no that was taken in a voluntary and free manner, or by any other method?
Rowlands. It was taken in a fair candid manner as could be.
Q. Were there any promise made him?
Rowlands. No: there were none at all; it was rather represented that it would make against him.
Q. Did you hear him confess all that this paper contains?
Rowlands. I did.
The confession read in court to this purport.
The examination and voluntary confession of Edward-Cleaver, taken and acknowledged before me 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , Esq; this 25th Day of December 1758.
"This examinant says, that he lives at the
"sign of the Green-Man at Barnet, in the
"county of Middlesex; that on Monday the
"18th of this instant December, between the
"hours of five and six in the morning, he took
"out of the Chester male (lying in the yard of
"the said house) the Coventry bag; containing
"a large quantity of letters; that he
"opened many of the said letters; and out of
"one of the said letters he took a lottery ticket,
"of the late state lottery, which he examined
"on the same day at a lottery-office, near St
"Andrews Church, Holbourn; and being
"there told it was a blank, he sold it to the
"said office-keeper for 5 l. 5 s. And this examinant
"farther says, that he took out of
"another letter, that was in the aforesaid Coventry
"bag, a bill of exchange for 7 l.
"drawn upon Mistress Bodingham in Downing-street,
"Westminster; that the said bill
"of exchange was then due, and that he received
"the money for it that evening.
"And this examinant farther says, that he
"took out of another letter, which was in the
"said Coventry bag, a bank note of 20 l. on
"the back of which was wrote the following
"words, viz. By post from Coventry, Dec.
"16. And this examinant farther says; that
"he gave the aforesaid bank note to one Elizabeth
"Sharp, living in a court in the Old-Bailey,
"to put off for him, telling her that
"he had taken it out of the Coventry bag.
"And this examinant says, that he went
"with the said 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Sharp 
               



             to one Malin,
"in Plumtree-court, as this examinant believes,
"in order to change the said note, but
"that he did not get it changed; nor has he
"received any money or other consideration
"for it.
"And this examinant farther says, that he
"burnt all the other papers of every kind, that
"were in the aforesaid Coventry bag, in a
"garret at the aforesaid house at Barnet,
"known by the sign of the Green-Man, on
"Monday the 18th instant; being the same
"morning, on which he took the aforesaid
"Coventry bag out of the Chester mail.
"And this examinant farther says, that
"when he received the money for the aforesaid
"bill of exchange, drawn on Mistress Bodingham
"in Downing-street; he wrote upon the
"back of the said bill of exchange, the name
"of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Brooks 
               



            ."


                  Edward 
                  Cleaver 
               



            .
Taken before me this 25th day of Dec. 1758. J. Fielding.
Q. Did the woman at the bar own she received any Bank note from the prisoner Cleaver?
Rowlands. Mr Fielding asked her if she received any; she said she did not.
Cross Examination.
Q. I have no doubt but that this confession was taken freely, as you have given an account: but before the time that this was taken, was it represented to him as a capital offence?
Rowlands. I believe it was not represented to him as a capital offence.

Q. What this woman said, was it after she had heard the accusation of Cleaver?
Rowlands. It was.
Q. Do not you apprehend it might arise from a regard and tenderness had for Cleaver, that she said she had not received any note at all?
Rowlands. I can't form any judgment of that.


                  Joseph 
                  Plast 
               



             ow. I was at Justice Fielding's on the 25th of December last, when the two prisoners at the bar were there; Mr. Fielding asked Cleaver, if he gave Mrs. Sharp a 20 l. bank note? he answered he did give it her: she denied the receiving of a bank note.


                  William 
                  Marjoram 
               



            . I deal in wine and brandy in the wholesale way; I served the prisoner Mrs Sharp with these commodities; on Tuesday, the 19th of December last, she came to my shop to pay me a bill of 2 l. 17 s.
Q. Where do you live?
Marjoram. I live in Catharine-street in the Strand.
Q. Where did she live?
Marjoram. She lived in the Old-Bailey; she brought a bank note and desired I would give her change for it.
Q. Look at this bank-note. (he takes it in his hand.)
Marjoram. I am sure this is the note.
Q. What do you know it by?
Marjoram. I wrote the two initial letters of my name upon it at Mr Fielding's house.
Q. What reason had you to know it to be the same when you saw it there?
Marjoram. I had kept it in my custody from the time I received it of her to the Tuesday following; and before I parted with it I wrote them letters on it.
Q. When she gave you this note, what did you do in return?
Marjoram. I gave her nineteen guineas and a shilling; I told her there was her full change; she then gave me three guineas back, and I gave her 6 s. out of it.
Q. Did you receive any message from her afterwards ?
Marjoram. I did, by a woman.


                  Eleanor 
                  Wootton 
               



            . 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Sharp 
               



             sent to me, and desired I would go to Mr Marjoram?
Q. When was this?
Wootton. This was on Thursday; but I can't tell the day of the month.
Q. Was it before or after Christmas?
Wootton. It was after Christmas I went: it was the day before Mrs Sharp was sent to Newgate; she said she was in New-prison about something concerning notes; and she did not know what she was taken up for at first. She had been before Justice Fielding; she desired I would go to Mr. Marjoram, and give her love to him, and desire he would go to her.
Q. Was there any other message sent by you?
Wootton. She was vastly frighted, and did not know what she was taken up for.
Q. Did you go to Mr Marjoram?
Wootton. I did, and delivered that message to him.
Q. Was there any more conversation past between the prisoner Sharp and you, than what you have given an account of?
Wootton. No, there were not.
Q. Was not there any conversation about burning at all?
Wootton. No.
Q. Did she say she wanted to see Mr Marjoram about a note?
Wootton. She did.
Cross Examination.
Q. Do you know any thing at all of Mrs Sharp's receiving this note of Cleaver ?
Wootton. No, I never saw him in my life, 'till I saw him in custody.
Q. to Marjoram. What did this evidence say to you when she came?
Marjoram. The message that I understood by her, was, that she had got the money to give me if I would give her the note again, and she would burn it.
Q. to Wootton. Do you not recollect this conversation?
Wootton. I never said these words, nor had a half-penny of money about me.
Q. to Marjoram. Did you understand her to have the money to deliver to you, or you to go and have it of Mrs Sharp?
Marjoram. I understood it, that the witness had got the money to deliver to me upon my delivering her the note.
Q. Was there any such message delivered by this woman, tending to your delivering up a note ?
Marjoram. Yes, there was.
Q. Was this evidence Wootton examined before Mr Fielding?
Marjoram. She swore that before Mr Fielding, with this variation; that Mrs Sharp would give me the money, if I would deliver up the note.
Cleaver's defence. I have nothing more to say, than that I gave the note to this woman, (meaning the prisoner Sharp) and I never had a farthing of the money.
Sharp's defence. He brought me the note, I can't tell the day, I believe it was the 18th or 19th; he said, Mrs Sharp, can you change me this note? I said no, I did not think I had money enough; I went and look'd, and found 17 l. 18 s. then I said I had no more, except he would take halfpence: he said they were luggage; I went to one Mrs Malin's, she said it was not in her power to change it; then I went with it to Mr Needham's, he could not change it; then I went to my Wine-Merchant; Cleaver said in Mrs Malin's house, while I came back to give him the two guineas: and when I came there with the money, he was gone; I saw him the next morning and said, Are not you gone home? he said no, nor he would not go home any more; for he had been in company in the Old-Bailey, and lost most of his money at cards: he told me his business in London was to buy sugar and plumbs for his father.
For Sharp.


                  Peter 
                  Corney 
               



            . I was in company with 
               
                  Edward 
                  Cleaver 
               



            , the prisoner at the bar; I am an Apothecary and Surgeon; he took me to a house in the Little-Old-Bailey, to see a person that he said was Mrs Sharp's daughter; I order'd her something.
Sharp. Cleaver brings this gentleman, and said, Mrs Sharp, your daughter is very bad; this is an acquaintance of mine, let him go and see her, he said don't fear the money, I'll pay you. The gentleman came down again and talk'd, and said, I understand you let out a little money, what interest do you take? I sometimes get neither interest nor principal. He said, If you'll let Cleaver have twenty or thirty pounds, I'll be bound for him, to go to buy horses; there is a gentlewoman of my acquaintance that takes but three per cent. and she has made me a present of a goose.
Q. to Corney. Do you remember this conversation?
Corney. I remember nothing at all of it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Malin 
               



            . I went with Mrs Sharp to Mr Marjoram's to get the note chang'd.
Q. Do you know of her receiving it?
Malin. No, I know nothing of that.
Q. Was it offered to you?
Malin. No, it never was; when she came to me, Cleaver said he wanted money to go out of town directly the next day, saying she owed him two guineas.
Q. Did you see the note?
Malin. No, I never saw a bank note; I saw her deliver a piece of paper to Mr Marjoram, but what it was, I don't know.
Q. Did you hear any thing pass between Cleaver and Sharp?
Malin. I heard him bid her make haste, he wanted to go out of town; and said there were two guineas owing; he went away before she came, and came back again at night a little in liquor, and said, give me a dram of rum; I have been to the play, give me silver for half a guinea; said I, I'll trust you, you seem to be in liquor; he went away, and two or three days afterwards, he came again and paid me for the dram of rum.
Sharp. I denied the note because of Mr Fielding; I begg'd I might not be taken out of the city, but go before my Lord-Mayor. They tore and dragg'd me about; I was afraid of owning the note, fearing it should touch his life, hearing he had robb'd the mail. I thought no body could take me out of the city; If I had known this had been a stolen note, I would not have gone to Mr Marjoram's where I knew it must have been paid back again. Mr Fielding's fellows us'd me cruelly, and Cleaver us'd me as bad.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


