





239. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Burton 
                  



               
            , spinster
; was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 30 s. one napkin, value 12 d. one pair of thread hose, value 12 d. one pair of worsted and silk hose, value 12 d. one pillow-case, value 12 d. one pillowbier, value 6 d. and one china plate, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Clarke 
                     



                  , the elder; and one shirt stone-button set in gold, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clarke 
                  




                
            , the younger, May 12
. ++


                  Sarah 
                  Pitt 
               



            . The prisoner was servant
 to 
               
                  John 
                  Clarke 
               



            , the elder.
Q. How long had she lived there?
Pitt. Three months and three weeks. The goods mentioned in the indictment were in the house at the time she lived there; and when some of them were missed, and an enquiry made after them, she was charged with taking them; and she confessed she had taken them, and had carried them to the house of Mr Bird, a Publick-House, where they were found. The prisoner was present at the time.
Q. Did she say whether she had sold or pawned them?
Pitt. She said she had sold them to Mr Bird for a guinea and a half. Produced in court.
Pitt. These are the property of Mr Clarke and his son.


                  Ann 
                  Bird 
               



            . I gave the prisoner at the bar a guinea and a half for the goods mentioned in the indictment, exclusive of the watch; the prisoner told me they were the property of an acquaintance of her's, and she was to sell them for her.


                  John 
                  Clarke 
               



            , jun. I lost a stone button set in gold, but don't know who took it.


                  Thomas 
                  Cryer 
               



            . The woman at the bar came to the Old-Bailey, and a gentleman along with her: they wanted to take the house that I lived in.
Q. What are you?
Cryer. I am a Cooper by trade: but now a Victualler, and live on Ludgate-hill. The prisoner at the bar was to have the shop, and buy the fixtures, which were my property; and when she came again she brought me this watch. Producing one. The goods came to five pounds: and she said, she had the watch of a friend, and she would leave it as an earnest with me, and desired I would sell it if I could for three guineas, because she took it for a debt of three guineas. I took it as an earnest, and said, she should have it again, and I should expect five pounds down, because the watch would be of no service to me.
Clarke, jun. This watch is the property of my father.


                  Samuel 
                  Thompkins 
               



            . The woman at the bar brought this watch to me, and offered to sell it for three guineas.
Q. What are you?
Tompkins. I am a Shoemaker. She desired if I knew of any of my acquaintance that wanted one, they should have it at the same price: but I did not buy it of her.


                  Peter 
                  Lloyd 
               



            . I am a Watchman: and had the charge of the woman at the bar, and carried her before Mr Alderman Cokayne.
Q. Do you know any thing of her stealing the goods?
Lloyd. No.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have as good a right to take goods as the other woman: she sold a pair of sheets.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


