





240. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Holister 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one man's fustian frock, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Town 
                  




                
            , April 13
. ++


                  William 
                  Dormer 
               



            . 
               
                  Richard 
                  Town 
               



            , the owner of the frock, is, since the robbery, inlisted for a soldier
, and gone down to Leicester; on the 3d of April at night I was told a man had lost, his coat out of my house, and was also told the prisoner stole it. I went the next morning to the house where he used, there I found him; I asked him what he had done with the frock ? he said, he knew nothing of it; he was for going away, I said, he should not; he then went to the table and took up this knife, (producing one), and said, d - n your blood, if you touch me, I'll cut you down; I drew back, and he ran out; I called, stop thief, he was taken and brought back; then he said, if I would let him go, he would let me know where the frock was; and as we were going up Ludgate-hill in order to go to Guild-hall, he said the same; I said, he should not go, if he would let me know of fifty coats; so ever after that he has denied his knowing any thing of it.


                  Esther 
                  Dukes 
               



            . I went into Mr. Dormer's house, and the prisoner was going in; Town had occasion to pull off his coat, and he threw it into my lap; the prisoner at the bar snatched it up. I said, what are you going to do with the man's coat? He went out directly; then I called and said, that man has got Town's coat.
Q. What was it made of?
E. Dukes. It was a fustian coat, with white plate buttons on it.
Prisoner's defence.
I went to that house, and called for a pint of beer between nine and ten o'clock at night, I staid there near a quarter of an hour, and saw this last witness there, and several more; I called for a quartern of gin, and paid for it, and for the beer, and went out at the door; and the next morning Mr. Dormer came to me, and asked me after the man's coat; I said, what man's coat? He said, the coat you stole last night. I was eating some bread and butter, and my knife in my hand; but I never offered to cut him, or any thing like it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


