





30. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Woodland 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 3d of December
, about the hour of nine at night, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Gahagan 
                        




                      
                  , did break and enter; three linen shirts, val. 4 s. one pair of blankets, val. 5 s. one linen counterpane, two smoothing irons, four candlesticks, four plates, and a pair of metal shoe buckles
            , the goods of the said James in the said dwelling house, did steal, take and carry away. ||


                  James 
                  Gahagan 
               



            . I live at Saffron Hill


. On Monday night last a little before eight o'clock I went out, and coming in again a little before ten found the padlock taken off from my door, and the stock lock broke; my house was fast before I went out. I found a strong chissel in the house, with which I suppose it was broke open; I miss'd the things mention'd. One Mrs. Jones that keeps a broker's shop in Broker's Alley, sent to me the next day, and told me she had the things; I went there and received them. The prisoner was taken and carried before Justice St. Lawrence, who ask'd him how he came by the things. He said he was at the house with some other company, that he held the bag while they put them in, and that it was the first fact. I took the buckles from him; they were wrapt up in his apron.


                  Mary 
                  Jones 
               



            . I live in Broker's Alley by Drury Lane. The prisoner and another person with him came on Monday last, about four o'clock in the afternoon, to my house, and asked me if I would buy some things. I asked where they were, and they said they would bring them presently; they went away, and coming again at nine o'clock brought the things. I told them I could not look at them that night, for it was too late; they came to me the next day for the money or the goods. I bid them go to some place and stay a little; they went to a publick house by Long Acre, where I went to have them stopt. When I stopt the prisoner the other ran away, and the prisoner then said he brought the things from a house on Little Saffron Hill. I said, How did you come into the house? He said there was a fellow that broke open the door, and that he went in afterwards and put them in the bag, and brought them away. I then sent a man to Saffron Hill to inquire what house was broke open. He found the prosecutor talking that his house was broke open; he brought him with him, and they took the prisoner to Justice St. Lawrence's.
Prisoner's Defence.
Tis the first fact I ever did in my life; I did this for want.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


