





54. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wytt 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten pewter pint pots, value 5 s. and five pewter quart pots, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Robertson 
                  




                
            , since deceased, October 27
. ++


                  Jane 
                  Robertson 
               



            . I keep a public house in Holborn; I lost ten pewter pint pots and five pewter quart pots at different times; my husband is since dead. The prisoner was suspected, and taken up; and before the justice he confessed he took the pots mentioned; here is a quart pot he was taken with upon him. Produced in court and deposed to.


                  John 
                  Casteler 
               



            . I am a soldier; and am quartered in the prosecutrix's house; she having lost many pots, we suspected the prisoner, who had been at our house; we missed a quart pot; I followed him and brought him back; he had it in his pocket.
Q. Did you hear him confess any thing?
J. Casteler. We took him before the justice, and he confessed taking all the pots mentioned.
Samuel Hall, Looks at the quart pat. I marked this pot with my own hand; it is the prosecutrix's property.
Q. What is the value of it?
S. Hall. It is worth a shilling.


                  John 
                  Stears 
               



            . I went into the prosecutrix's house; she asked me if I had seen the prisoner; I said no; she said the soldier was gone after him; in a little time he brought him in, and I saw that quart pot taken from him; I was before the justice at his examination, where he confessed that he took this pot. I heard no more there, but at the prosecutrix's house heard him confess the taking all the pots.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Where did he confess the taking all the pots ?
Prosecutrix. He confessed that at my house, and before the justice too.


                  John 
                  Potter 
               



             was along with Stears, confirned that of seeing the pot taken upon the prisoner, and also that of his confession.

Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take it out of the house; I had it out of the court, but not with an intent to take it away; I had it in my hand; and saw a friend, and went and called after him; so I put it in my pocket, and this man came after me, and I came back without any resistance.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


