





148. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Bryan 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one duffil cardinal, value 10 s. one pair of stays, value 10 s. and one cotton gown, value 10 s
            . the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Elliot 
                  




                
            , April 11
. ++


                  Jane 
                  Elliot 
               



            . I live in Drury-lane


.
Q. Are you a housekeeper
?
Elliot. I am. I lost a duffil cardinal, a pair of stays, and a cotton gown.
Q. How long had you seen them before you lost them?
Elliot. I had seen them the day before they were lost; the cardinal was taken some days before the gown and stays.
Q. How came you to suspect the prisoner?
Elliot. Because I catch'd her in my house, in the room where the things were lost from, which was a closet between my shop and parlour.
Q. When did you catch her?
Elliot. On the 11th of April.
Q. Which way must she come in to go there?
Elliot. She must come in at the door; I never saw her come in nor go out 'till the third time, when I found her there; then I suspected she must be the person that had taken the things; I charged her with taking them, and she owned she had, and had pawned them, one in Tyburn-road, the other facing St. Giles's church; she directed me to the places, where I found them.


                  Thomas 
                  Powell 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Oxford-road; the prisoner at the bar pawn'd this cardinal and stays with me (producing them); she had six shillings on each.
Q. In whose name were they pawn'd?
Powel In the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Bryan 
               



            .
Prosecutrix. these are my property (looking at them).


                  Thomas 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I am servant to Mr Fell a pawnbroker; I took in this gown of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. What did you lend her upon it?
Harrison. I lent her four shillings. Deposed to by prosecutrix.
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


