





110. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Leonard 
                     Clark 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, in a certain place, called St. James's Park, near the king's high way, with a certain pistol which he had, and held in his right hand, on 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Witherby 
                        




                      
                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear, and danger of his life, with an intent the money of the said Henry to steal, take, and carry away
            , Feb. 18
. ++


                  Henry 
                  Witherby 
               



            . I am a shoe-maker
, and live in Castle-Street, Long-Acre. Last Saturday was se'nnight, near ten o'clock, I came through the iron gate from the Broad way, Westminster, and through the Birdcage-walk. Coming by Rosamond's-Pond


 a man bid me stand.
Q. Was it light or dark?
Clark. It was not moon-light, but I could distinguish his face. I asked him what I must stand for? He said, d - n you stand. I'll blow your brains out, if you do not deliver your money.
Q. Had he any thing in his hand?
Witherby. He had a pistol in his hand. I saw it. I could see a great way off, it was so light. I told him I had no money about me. He said, d - n you, you have. I said again, I had not. Then he said, d - n you, walk away, and take no notice, for if you do I'll blow your brains out. I said, Sir, your Servant. Then I went to the centinel, that was standing very near, and told him of it, and asked him if he did not hear him speak to me. He said, no, he did not. I wanted him to pursue him. He said, he dared not go from his post, and asked why I did not call to him at the time. I said, I dared not for fear he should have done me a mischief. He said, he would give the watch word. I went from him to the centinel, at the stable-yard. He asked me who came there. I said, a friend, did you see a young man come this way with a white coat. He said there were so many went in and out there that he could not tell. Then I told him such a man had put a pistol to my head, and offered to rob me, and I did not think he was got out of the Park yet. He said, the gates are all lock'd, he cannot get out except he comes by this way, or the horse-guards. I had hardly done speaking when the prisoner came. The centinel asked who came there, and he said a friend. I took hold of him (knowing him to be the same person that had stop'd me) to him, you are the man that wanted she just now. While the centinel had hold I took a pistol out of his pocket; after which he bid me give it him again, that he might blow his own brains out. When the file of musqueteers came to relieve the guard, they took him to the guard-room, and the next morning he was carried before justice Fielding; where I swore he was the same man that attacked me. I am certain he is the same person. He denied the fact. Mr. Fielding asked him how the pistol came to be loaded. He said, he could not tell that it was.
Prisoner. The justice gave him and the soldiers money to take my life away.
Prosecutor. The justice asked me if I had any money to carry on the prosecution. I told him I had not. Then he gave me a guinea, and the two soldiers half a guinea each.
Q. Could you observe whether the prisoner had but one eye?
Prosecutor. I did not so much observe his face then.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am an apprentice now at this time; my master lives just by Covent-Garden. This pistol I found coming through St. James's Park.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


