






135. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Smith 
                  , otherwise Brown



            , was indicted, for that she, on the 24th of December




               about the hour of 10 in the night, on the same day, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Frances 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter; and steal out thence, two brass candlesticks, one copper coffee-pot, two ells of cloth
            , the property of the said James. ++


                  James 
                  Frances 
               



            . I live in Blue-Anchor Alley, at the bottom of Whitecross street


 I lost the things mentioned on Christmas Eve, I was gone out upon duty; I am a watchman belonging to Ludgate
. I came home about 6 in the morning, and found the house was broke open.


                  Jane 
                  Frances 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. I went out on Christmas Eve, about half an hour after 9, and before 10 my house was broke open: I was gone to a neighbour's house, the news was brought to me. I went home, and met the prisoner coming out of my gate. I took hold on her, she wanted to get away. She had got the goods under her arm, and she let them fall to the ground. [The goods were produced in court.] The lock of my door and my window were broke open. The casement was fast when I went out; I lock'd the door, and had the key in my pocket.
Eliz. North. I live near to Mrs. Frances; I saw a light in her house. I went and ask'd at the door if my son was there? I was answered, it is not Mrs. Frances, it is I. Said I, who are you? Said she, I am just come from her. I knowing where Mrs. Frances was, I went to her, and ask'd her, if she had sent any body to her house? she said no. She was but about 20 yards off. I told her there was a light in her bed-chamber, so she came, and we met the prisoner with the goods mentioned, and my son and we stop'd her.


                  William 
                  North 
               



             her son deposed to the taking her, and the things being found upon her.




               Guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


