





237. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Abbot 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. one cloth coat, value 10 s. one fustian waistcoat, value 4 s. one pair of leather breeches, value 5 s. one hat, value 1 s. one Scotch mull, tipt with silver, value 2 s. 8 guineas, one half guinea, and 5 s. and 6 d. in money, number'd, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Matth.ew 
                           Smith 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Bridget 
                        Bourn 
                     



, June 20
. ++


                  Matthew 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a Baker
; the prisoner robbed me of a coat, waistcoat, pair of breeches, silver watch, and 8 guineas and a half, in gold, and other things, as mentioned in the indictment.
Q. How do you know that he robbed you?
Smith. Because they were all found upon him.
Q. Did you know him before?
Smith. I had drank with him about three or four times before. I lodge in the house of 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Bourn 
               



            , a widow. I had my money and watch in my pocket, my coat, waistcoat, and breeches, were put on a pair of drawers in my room. I went to bed and locked the door, and awaked about three in the morning, and found the door open, and my things all gone.

Q. Did you leave the key in the door?
Smith. I did. The cloaths I lost were the cloaths I wore. I borrow'd a man's cloaths, and went out to a friend, and got a coat and a pair of breeches.
Q. Where does 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Bourn 
               



             live?
Smith. She lives in Hedge-Lane. When I came back again the prisoner was in the entry. He said to me, My cock, how do you do? I said, I am very middling; I have lost so and so. He took me to an alehouse, and said, he was very sorry, and treated me with three pints of beer; and bid the man of the house to me have the value of a shilling in liquor, or let thereabouts, when I should come that way. I took the people of the house up that I took the room of. We could find nothing upon them. I had a suspicion of the prisoner, and had a warrant for him, and went and found him upon his own bed, and carried him before justice Cox. We had a search-warrant afterwards, and his box was fetch'd before Mr. Cox, in which we found 7 guineas and a half of my money, and my cloaths; my watch was found in his pocket, and a 6 d. that I can swear to. We also found in his pocket a pocket-piece.
Q. Could you swear to the money found in his box?
Smith. No; but he own'd it to be mine; he own'd the 6 d. the pocket-piece, and all the cloaths, to be my property.


                  Edward 
                  Fitz 
               



            . I am a Constable. In the morning we got some women of the town and carried them before Mr Cox. The prosecutor came and asked for me, and said, he had been robbed of the things mentioned: mentioning them. I introduced him to Mr Cox. After that I went up to the watch-house with some girls. Mr Cox sent for me, (I left them there) he gave me a warrant to apprehend the prisoner: I went and found him asleep across his bed; when I had got him before the Justice, he pulled out a watch from his pocket and gave it me, and said, it was the prosecutor's watch. Mr Cox desired me to search his pockets. I took out a six-pence, which the prosecutor swore to as his property. We examined him, what was become of the rest of the things and money. He said to me, if you'll go and drink a pint of beer with me I'll tell you. I said, you may as well tell me here: then he said, they were in his box in his room. We went and found his box and brought it to the Justice's; and as I took the things out, I asked him whose they were: he said, the cloaths and money belonged to that young man. Meaning the prosecutor. The watch and money sealed up with the Justice's seal, and cloaths, produced in court.
Prosecutor. I am sure the watch and cloaths are my property.
Q. How came he to get into your room, did he lie in that house that night ?
Prosecutor. No, he did not: I cannot tell how he got into the room.
Q. Had he use to come to that house?
Prosecutor. He was frequently in the house; he had a great inti macy with one of the people of the house, two young women that I took the room of.
Q. Was this silver among your gold when you lost it?
Prosecutor. No: my gold and silver were separate, my silver was in my left hand breeches pocket, and my gold in the right.
Q. to Fitz. Did the prisoner tell you how he came by these things?
Fitz. No, he did not: he said, with regard to the watch, a woman gave it him: and he cursed all women-kind.
Q. What woman did the prisoner say gave it him?
Fitz. He said, it was the maid to the woman that kept the room.
Q. Who did he say this before?
Fitz. This he said before the Justice and myself: and then he said it was the prosecutor's watch.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been out, and one of the girls was standing at the door when I returned. She asked me to go in: I went into the passage. She brought me this watch out. I asked her what I was to do with it: then she brought me out the cloaths, and desired me to take them while morning into my room. I told her I did not know what to do with them. She said, you'll let them abide there 'till morning; the money was in the pockets. As near as I can guess it was between one and two in the morning.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you know these young women that lived in the house at that time?
Prosecutor. I did.
Q. Were either of them in your room that night?
Prosecutor. No, neither was.
Prisoner. I was not in the room: she brought them to me in the passage.
Q. to Constable. Was there no enquiry made after these girls ?
Constable. They were committed to New-Prison.
For the Prisoner.


                  Jonathan 
                  Black 
               



            . The prisoner has been my servant this two years and a half.
Q. What are you?
Black. I am a Brewer, and live in Hedge-lane.
Q. What is the prisoner's character?
Black. I never knew one instance of any bad behaviour since he has been with me. The time when he was taken is the proper hours for him to do his business. We begin to mash at two o'clock in the morning.
A Witness. I am a Publican. I have known the prisoner about two years.
Q. What has been his behaviour in that time?
Answer. I looked upon him to have been a very honest young fellow before this unhappy affair.
Another witness. When he came first to Mr. Black, he lodged along with me for about six months: he behaved exceeding well.
Another witness. I am Mr Black's Clerk. I have known him ever since he came to Mr Black's. He behaved very well.
Another witness. I keep a Publick-House next door to Mr Black. I have known the prisoner ever since he came there: he lodged in my house. I trusted him all the time as my own child; he has behaved very regular n all shapes in the world. I would have trusted him with untold gold.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


