





94. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Pevit 
                  , otherwise 
Godard




            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one duffil garment for a woman, call'd a joseph, value 30 s. one tablecloth, value 10 s. one linen shift, one damask napkin, and one silver tea-spoon
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Rachael 
                     Pope 
                  




                
            , widow
, Feb. 7
.*
Rachael Pope. I live in Coldbath-Fields


. The prisoner was my servant
. She happen'd to get in liquor, and went to sleep. I suspected she had not been so honest as she should be, so I went to searching about, to see if I missed any thing. I found a green joseph, a damask tablecloth, a silver teaspoon and a shift were missing. I tax'd her with taking them. She owned she had, and that they were pawned, and where.


                  Thomas 
                  Martin 
               



            . I live in Coleman-Street, and am a pawnbroker. On the 4th and 5th of this month the prisoner brought me this green joseph and tablecloth. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  Elizabeth 
                  Kilby 
               



            . I live in Leicester-Street, and am a pawnbroker. The prisoner brought a shift and silver tea-spoon to me on the 3d of February last. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  Richard 
                  Parham 
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner went with the prosecutrix and me to the pawnbrokers, and the things were delivered to me.
Prisoner's Defence.
Mistress used to keep me short of victuals, so I pawned these things to get me necessaries.
Prosecutrix. She was with me but a fortnight. She could not need all that money for victuals; but I have neighbours here that know there is no want of that sort at my house.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


