





311. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Fagan 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton gown, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cook 
                  




                
            , Sept. 9
. ++


                  James 
                  Cook 
               



            . My wife keeps an old cloaths shop, in Middle-row, St. Giles's


. I was backwards last Tuesday , when I heard a noise . I went out, and was told my servant was gone after a person that had been into my shop. I ran after them, and saw the prisoner after he was taken , and the gown, which was picked up. He denied having seen the gown; then I took him before a justice of the peace; before the justice he said, my servant in the shop gave him the gown, and bid him run away with it.


                  Sarah 
                  Ash 
               



             . I am servant to the prosecutor. The prisoner came into my mistress's shop to sell a stock, which I bought of him, about five in the afternoon, on the 9th of September. I went to the next door for change; I left him alone in the shop; I gave him the change; he seemed to be in a great tremble ; when he went away I turned round to see if he had got any thing; I missed a gown; I ran after him, calling out, stop thief; he was stopt in a wheeler's yard, Newtoner's-lane ; he was taken to the justice; there he told the justice I gave him the gown, and bid him run away with it.
Q. Did you give him the gown ?
Ash . No; I did not. I never saw him before. The gown was found where he had thrown it.


                  Charles 
                  Hallowday 
               



            . I am a coach-wheeler, and work in Newtoner's-lane. (He produced a gown.)
Q. to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Ash 
               



            . Do you know this gown?
Ash. It is my master's property, and had been in the shop just before the prisoner came.
Hallowday. I heard an out-cry of, stop thief, last Tuesday; I saw the prisoner run with a bundle under his coat: he ran up my mistress's yard; I went to him; I saw him throw something away; I looked where he flung it, saw it taken out; it was this gown; we went with him before the justice; there he said the maid gave it him, and bid him run away with it.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing at all about it; it is not the gown I had.
- Plunket . I have known the prisoner about seven or eight years; he has been a gentleman's servant; he always bore a good character.


                  Esther 
                  Cater 
               



             . I have known him about three years and an half; I never knew him guilty of an ill; he has been out of service about a month.


                  Margaret 
                  Cater 
               



             . I have known him half a year; I never knew any thing but what was true and honest.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


