





627. 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Duglass 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one promissory note for 108 l. 13 s. bearing date Jan. 3, two silk purses, one with three guineas in it, the other seventeen shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Matth.ias 
                           Palling 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Matthias
            , Sep. 24
.


                  Matthias 
                  Palling 
               



            . I live in Lombard-street, and keep a shop in the oil way. On the 24th of Sept. about eight at night I had a small hand desk stole out of my compting-house the time I was at supper, I miss'd my servant the prisoner the same time, but I did not miss the desk till the next morning about 9 o'clock. The prisoner was servant to me in the capacity of a porter, a yearly servant, and lay in my house. I made all the inquiry possible in order to find out the prisoner when I suspected he had taken it. A little after two the next day a man came with a draught of 20 l. drawn upon Freame and Barcley, bankers in Lombard-street, by one 
               
                  Steven 
                  Hunt 
               



            , payable to 
               
                  James 
                  Munday 
               



             or bearer, that bore date the 20th of Sept. last; I had stopped payment of it the day it was given me by Mr. Hunt; I thought I had lost it, but I had filed it with some other papers. About two o'clock they sent me word they got my note, and they believed my man.
Q. Describe what was in the desk when taken away.
Palling. There was this note for 108 l. 13 s. payable to me ten months after date, it was dated the 3d of Jan. 1750, witness 
               
                  John 
                  Dodbonel 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Dupree 
               



            . There were two purses with money in each, I cannot say how much; there were some other bills and notes, but I don't know justly what. When the prisoner was taken he deliver'd to me a purse with three guineas in gold, and another with 17 s. and 4 d. in silver in it; there was also a bag of halfpence in the desk, but I do not know how much; I can swear the two purses are mine, and that they were in the desk, and the prisoner said the money was mine.
Q. Is your compting house part of your dwelling house?
Palling. It is under the same roof with my house.
Q. Tell the court how you came to charge the prisoner at the bar.
Palling. On the account of Mess. Freame and Barcley's sending to me and telling me they had got my note, and believed the man, the next day after the prisoner left me; immediately I went thither, and they shewed me the draught: they shew'd me the man who brought it; I said it was not my servant. I said to the man who brought it, Unless you show me the man who gave you this draught I'll prosecute you. He said he receiv'd it of a man at the ship at the Hermitage, and also he would go and shew me the man. I took with me a witness that is here, and went with the man to the house, and did not take the note from him, when we came to this ale-house. I had neither a warrant or constable, the man who keeps the house let us come into the house, but when we came to go up stairs he refus'd us, but let the porter go up whom I had detected: he went into the room and bid the prisoner fly for his life, for there were people out to take him. I had some struggle with the landlord, the prisoner got out on the back part of the house over the houses, so I came down stairs again, but I had seen him on the dock. I call'd out stop thief, I saw the prisoner on some coal lighters just by the wharf; there he was taken. By that time we had got a constable, whom we order'd to search him; but without that he delivered me up one purse with three guineas in it in gold, and another with 17 s. and 4 d. in silver in it, and the draught upon Freame and Bercley for 20 l. These he deliver'd in the street, and he said the desk, with other notes was in the room. The bills and other papers he said were wrap'd up in an apron, and sew'd together, in order to be sent back to me, and that he was about writing a letter to me to send with the parcel, and I found it pack'd up as he said. The note 
               
                  John 
                  Dodd 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Duperee 
               



            , was pack'd up in them, and lay on the table in the room were he lay.
There were many more papers all belonging to me. The desk had nothing on it but the two locks which were taken off.
Q. Had he directed that parcel?
Palling. I saw none, we carried him to Justice Richards in the Minories, and he committed him.
Q. Was there an indorsement on the note?
Palling. No, my lord.
Q. How long had the prisoner lived with you?
Palling. About a fortnight, I have had my money of the banker since.


                  John 
                  Hartshorne 
               



            . I was at Mr. Palling's the next day after he was robb'd, the 25th of Sept. last, he told me how he had been robb'd the night before by his servant; I had not been there above two or three minutes before Mess. Freame and Barcley's servant came in, to tell him he believed he had got the note, and also he thought the man. Mr. Palling desired me to go along with him, I did, there we saw a man, not the prisoner, it was a watchman we were inform'd afterwards; we ask'd him how he came by the note, he describ'd the person of whom he had it, and told us where he was. I, Mr. Palling, and one Mr. Newman I believe his name is, went together to the ship alehouse by the Hermitage bridge; when we came there we imagin'd the prisoner was below in the house, but he was up stairs. We were going up, the landlord refused us so to do.
Q. What is the landlord's name?
Hartshorne. His name I think is Bercley, he said he was in his own house and would do as he pleas'd; he let the watchman go up. I told him I would fetch a constable, the watchman had the note then; we deliver'd it back to him before. I was inform'd there was a constable in the neighbourhood, I went out to see for him. While I was enquiring for him, the prisoner got out of the window backwards, so when I came back to the Ship they had taken the prisoner, he was taken on the coal barges; we took him to another publick house just by; I enquir'd for a constable, there was one in the room; we desired him to search the prisoner, to see if he had any arms about him. He deliver'd up two purses to Mr. Palling, I saw three guineas in one green purse, in the other there were 17 s. and 4 d. in silver, there was a little silver 4 d. and a crooked shilling amongst them. Then he told us where the things were; we took the constable to the alehouse where we first went to; we found the little desk, it was produc'd in court, it was broke open. There were some papers sow'd up in a bundle, I saw them after it was opened. There was a note for 108 l. odd money, I believe it was a joint note of hand. Twice the prisoner confess'd he stole these things out of Mr. Palling's house, and that he was persuaded to do it by a taylor, a soldier that lives in Charles-street Westminster; after that we carried him before a justice, and he committed him to Clerkenwell Bridewell.
Prisoner's Defence. I ask'd my master's brother leave to go out in the afternoon this thing was done; I saw a friend of mine and got a little in liquor; I after that met with a man whom I was acquainted with, his name is Cannan, a soldier, who persuaded me to do this thing; I came to the door that night, he bid me take it away, I being a little in liquor was easily persuaded, brought it out, when he was gone. The door shut too and I could not get in again with it, so I went to his house; his wife brought a hammer and open'd it.
To his Character.


                  William 
                  Cooper 
               



            . I live in Galway in Scotland, I have known that lad from his Infancy, he was born in the place where I came from. I never knew any thing of him but that of an honest lad, a fair character till this unfortunate time; he was here before, and went home and came back again this summer.



                  John
                   Bradford Waite
               



            . I live in Blowbladder-street at the Acorn. The prisoner came servant to me about two years ago. I am a woollen-draper, he served in the capacity of a porter; he behaved extreme well the time he was with me. I trusted him frequently with things of value, he was then a very sober fellow.


                  William 
                  White 
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-le-grand. I have known the prisoner about two years and half. He came first to me through an acquaintance of mine, a brother of his who is now in Jamaica. I knew the prisoner when he was with Mr. Waite. He went down to Galway in Scotland about nine or ten months ago, I believe with a design to have staid there, but one Mr. Curry of that town sent up his son, who brought the prisoner up along with him; he applied to me to get him into some business in town. This was some time about last April.




               Guilty 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


