





241. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hayter 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bishop 
                  




                
            , April 22
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Bishop 
               



            . On Tuesday the 22d of April, as I was coming down from my house in Holborn to Mr. Ashley's house on Ludgate-hill


, just by the Fleet-market, I put my hand in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; I said to a person that was with me, I wish you would step back with me, to see if I can find the person that has took it. I turned and saw the prisoner just by the shop where they fell gingerbread. He looked very suspicious; I laid hold of him, and told him I had lost a handkerchief; he had a companion, and he ran away. I gave my friend charge of the prisoner, and I ran after the other, but he got away; then I came back. I asked the prisoner who he was? he told me he was a very honest lad, and that his father was a blacksmith and lived in Black-friars; I went with him, and instead of taking me to his father's house, he took me to the house of Mr. Davis a blacksmith, the person with whom his father works; he asked if his father had done work? Mr. Davis told him he had, and was gone home. ++ The mob sadly wanted him from me to duck him. I found by Mr. Davis his father is a very honest man, but he is a very bad lad, the prisoner insisted upon being searched, saying, he was innocent; I said to Mr. Davis, let him come into your house, as he insists upon it, and let us search him; we went in, the prisoner pulled off his coat, I searched about it, and the bottom of his coat was open, and I saw and pulled out my handkerchief which I lost, it was down in the lining; then he cried, and fell down on his knees; the excuse he made, was, that he was but newly come into the gang, having been in it but two days; he said the others desired him to follow me, which he did, and the other tried at my pocket and took it out and put it into the prisoner's bosom, then it dropped out, and the other fellow that was run away took it up and put it into his pocket, and it slipped down into the lining.
++ This is a practice often used by the confederates of pickpockets to get them out of the hands of their accusers, and to escape being brought to justice.


                  Thomas 
                  Davis 
               



            . The gentleman brought the prisoner to my house, and he was searched there, and the handkerchief found upon him; I was present and saw it taken out of his coat.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming from home by the Fleet-market and saw the handkerchief lying on the ground, I took it up, and after that the gentleman came and took hold of my collar.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


