





286. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Fletcher 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one feather-bed, value 5 s. one bolster, value 1 s. one blanket, value 6 d. two linen sheets, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Swinney 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging room let by contract, &c.
            
May 28
 ||


                  Robert 
                  Swinney 
               



            . I live in Swallow-Street


, am a carpenter
 and work journey work, and my wife lets out lodgings. I lost some goods, but she can give the court a better account of them than I can
Mrs. Swinney. I am wife to the prosecutor, and let the prisoner at the bar a lodging; she was with me about five weeks. She was to have paid me fifteen pence per week, but she never paid me but one week's money. She lay in a little table bedstead by herself. At five weeks end she kept away, and I feared she had taken away some of the things. I got some of my neighbours to look through a crack in her room door, who said, they thought the bed was gone. Then I went to look for her, and found her at a neighbour's house, hid behind a curtain. I took her home to shew me if all my things were safe. She went up with me into the room, and there I missed the bed, bolster, blanket and 2 sheets. I ask'd her where they were, but she would not own any thing till I sent for a constable. Then she own'd that she had pawn'd the bed, bolster and two blankets to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Fletcher 
               



            , and the sheets to one Mr. Scriven. The goods produced in court and deposed to.
Q. What is the value of them?
Mrs. Swinney. A very small value.
Prisoner. The prosecutrix offered to take my note to be paid for them at Michaehmas, as she knew I had 5 l. left me.
Prosecutrix. I never offered any such thing.
Mr. Powell. I am servant to Mr. Scriven in Swallow Street, St. James's. The prisoner brought this pair of sheets ( here produced) and pawned with me; one on the 27th, the other on the 28th of May. for eighteen pence each. I have known her three quarters of a year; she used to bring things to pawn for her neighbours. I never heard any harm of her before.


                  Ann 
                  Fletcher 
               



            . I live in George Street, Grosvenor Square. I am a pawnbroker. On the 11th of June the prisoner came to me, and said she would bring a bed of a gentlewoman's, and asked me if I took in things. I said any t hing honestly come by. She brought this bed the next day; and she also brought this blanket and bolster.
Q. Did she use your shop before that?
A. Fletcher. She had brought things three or four times before.
Prosecutrix. According to the date the pawnbrokers mention, she must have pawned them three weeks before she left her room.


                  James 
                  Douglas 
               



            . I am constable. On the 29th of June Mrs. Swinney sent for me, and told me she had been robbed by the prisoner, who was then siting with her. I examined the girl, and with a good deal of talking to her she confessed she had taken the things mentioned, told where she had pawned them, and went along with me; where I found them accordingly. I took her before justice Trent, and he committed her. I had a search warrant, and the pawnbrokers delivered the things to me.

Prisoner's defence.
I was really in distress, and my design was to bring the goods again the day following after they took me. I take in plain work for my living.
For the prisoner.


                  William 
                  Barnes 
               



            . I live in Shepherd's Court, in Upper Brook Street. I am a broker. I have known the prisoner from a child, and never knew or heard any ill of her in all my life till now.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


