





64. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Yates 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 1 pint silver mug, value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Clark 
                  




                
            , Dec. 24
.* 
Samuel Clark. I had a silver pint mug taken out of my house on the 24th of Dec. between the hours of 3 and 6.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
Clark. She was the only person that was in the house at the time. I had left her in the house while I went down to draw a pot of beer, and she and that were missing together.
Q. Have you found it since?
Clark. I have. Produced in court and deposed to.


                  Samuel 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On Christmas evening, between 6 and 7 o'clock, the prisoner brought this mug to me, and desired I would lend her 15 s. upon it. I took it in my hand, and asked her whose it was: She said, It is mine. I said, Pray how long have you had it: She said, A great while. Who bought it? My husband. What might he give for it ? She said there was some old silver in exchange, so she could not tell the price it cost. She said she wanted but 15 s. to make up some rent, and she would fetch it again next week. Don't you, say'd she, know me? I brought a tea-spoon before. I said I did. I lent her the money, and she went away. The next day about 11 o'clock I read in the Advertiser, '' A silver pint '' mug, marked E. M. M. stole out of the Two '' Chairmen, in Warder-street, Soho.'' I sent my daughter to the house, to desire 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Clark 
               



             to come to me. He came. I said, You have advertised a mug. Is it remarkable? I asked him this because the mug had a wooden bottom, not mentioned in the advertisement. He said there is E. M. M. on the handle, and it is very much bruised. I said, Is there any thing else: A wooden bottom, said he. I said, I have your mug. I asked him whom he suspected: He said a woman nam'd Eliz. Davis (a name the prisoner went by) and that he had lost two silver tea-spoons. The prisoner brought me another tea-spoon when she brought the tankard. He took her up, and I went and saw her; when she said she neither knew me nor the mug. She had altered her dress; but I was certain as to her, and swear that I took the mug of her.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did this evidence mention to you as he has related here?
Prosecutor. He did.
Prisoner's defence. I know nothing at all of it.
To her character.


                  Ursula 
                  Hornise 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about 12 years. I never heard any thing amiss of her. She was my servant 3 years.

Eliz. Jennings. I have known her above twenty years. I never knew or heard any thing amiss of her before this. I have trusted her all over my house divers times.


                  Margaret 
                  Smith 
               



            , I have known her ten years. I never heard any thing of her but what was very honest.


                  Richard 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am husband to the last evidence. I have known her above ten years. She always bore a very good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


