





217. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Baker 
                  , otherwise 
Lutterell




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Denchar 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Alexander
            , June 9
. +



                  Alexander 
                  Denchar 
               



            . I am a Taylor
 and live in St James's parish , Westminster


; the prisoner came to my house and told me he was just come from Plymouth, from on board the Dover Man of War; he took a room of me at five shillings a week; he went away and came the next day with a gold laced hat and cockcade on, and bespoke a coat, waistcoat, and breeches, and desired they might be ready as soon as I could, and said, now I commence your lodger from this day; this was the 1st of June; on the Thursday after he came again and asked if the cloaths were made, and said, he was to go to Vaux-Hall on the Saturday, on which day he came again, and went up into the room he had taken, and sat down and asked for the cloaths; I went up and brought down only the coat; then he was pulling off his shoes and putting on clean stockings; he look'd at the coat and said, the lace was rather too slight; then he asked for the breeches; then I said, when do you mean to pay me for them; he said, let me have the cloaths, and I must go into the city, and will return with the money and pay you, and lie here all night. I desired he would recommend me to somebody, as he was an entire stranger to me, that knew him, before I parted with the cloaths; he said, cannot you see a difference between a sharper and a gentleman; I told him I was not so discerning as always to do that; I told him if he would recommend me to any that would give me satisfaction, as to his character and circumstances, I would give him as much credit as any Taylor in London; then he mentioned my going to a gentleman in Queen-square, whom he called his uncle, and after that he mentioned Mr Dunbar in Grosvenor-street; I would not deliver the coat to him, but laid it down on a chair, and went to my cutting room to give out some work, and when I returned to that room in about twenty minutes, the coat and he were gone; I searched about the room to see if he had laid the coat by in any place, but not finding it, went to my wife, who told me somebody went out at the street-door and left it open; then I went to Justice Fielding, and had the coat advertised with a guinea reward. Afterwards going about the city, I look'd on every body's cloaths I could see of that colour; at last I met with the prisoner in Beaufort-buildings, and laid hold of his collar, and told him that he and I should not easily part. I ask'd him what he had done with my coat; he said, it was in Meard's-court, and I should have it again. The people came about us; I desired assistance, or somebody to go for a constable, but I got no assistance. At last I shew'd the people the advertisement which I had in my pocket, and said, I had advertised a guinea reward, and said, whoever would assist me should have it; then a man went to Justice Fielding's and got assistance, and we carried him there, and Mr. Fielding sent a man as the prisoner directed, who brought the coat there. Produced in court and deposed to.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to Captain Kane in order to get money to pay for the cloaths; but he not being at home I had not the money to pay, and was afraid to go back to my lodgings so fear of being arrested for the money for the coat. I took away my own coat after I had put this on, in order to carry it to the Scowerer to be cleaned. I saw my prosecutor above a hundred yards before he came to me, and staid 'till he came up to tell him when I should bring the money.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


