





29. (L.) 
               
                  Hannah, wife
 of 
                     
                        James 
                        Shute 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of stocking breeches, value 4 s. one muslin neckcloth, value 2 s. one shift, value 3 s. and two aprons, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Tate 
                     



                   ; one handkerchief, value 1 s. one other handkerchief, value 1 s. and one lawn apron
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Campbell 
                  



                
            , Nov. 17
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Tate 
               



            . I live at the Two Brewers, the corner of Golden Lane


. I lost a pair of stocking breeches, a shift, a neckcloth, and two long lawn aprons. The prisoner was a lodger in my house. The goods were found at a pawnbroker's. The prisoner was taken up, and charged with taking them before the sitting alderman, and she own'd it. The other things mentioned in the indictment belong to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Campbell 
               



            , who is my servant.


                  Ann 
                  Campbell 
               



            . I lost two handkerchiefs and an apron three weeks ago last Saturday, and I found them again at the pawnbroker's.


                  William 
                  Warren 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar brought a pair of stocking breeches, a muslin handkerchief, a shift, two lawn aprons, a linen handkerchief, and a silk one, and pawn'd them with me. These people came and owned them.
Prisoner's Defence.
You say your door was always locked, when at the same time your wife was up in my room, treating my husband with a pot of beer, and your door was open; the things lay upon a chest, and I went in and took them. Pray don't be so hard against me; I own myself in a fault, and it is the first I ever did.
For the Prisoner.
Mrs. Hooker. I have known the prisoner thirteen or fourteen years, and keep a publick house. The prisoner frequently washed and scowered for me, and she never wrong'd me of any thing; I never heard any thing bad of her before now.


                  Mary 
                  Davis 
               



            . I have known her sixteen years; two days before she did this crime she washed for me, and has for fifteen or sixteen years; I never in my life heard but what she was honest, and I would take her home to wash for me now, was she out. I believe she is as much guilty of it as we are, and I am afraid she has fallen into bad hands. I believe her as honest as myself, and I believe myself as honest as any body. If I had known she had been here. I would have brought better people to her character than there are.


                  Warren
               


             the pawnbroker. I have known her above twelve years, and never heard any harm of her.


                  Ann 
                  Burnet 
               



            . I have known her these twelve years. I keep a house, and have an undeniable character. The prisoner has washed and carried out things for me, and she always behaved handsomely. I never heard a bad action of her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


