





132. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bennett 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of a person unknown, Feb. 6
. +


                  William 
                  Johnson 
               



            . On the sixth of Feb. instant, between the' hours of eight and nine at night, I was putting a letter into the post-office, in the Fleet-market


, and by the light of a lamp I saw the prisoner at the bar put his hand into a gentleman's pocket.
Q. Whereabouts was the prisoner?
Johnson. He was near the coffee-house door.
Q. Was any body between you and the prisoner?
Johnson. No: I saw him take a handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket; upon that I held out my arm to take hold of him; he seeing that, endeavoured to escape me, and got down the Fleet-market, and at the same time flung down the handkerchief towards the foot way; I laid hold of him and held him fast.
Q. Did you observe at that time what sort of a handkerchief it was.
Johnson. That was impossible for me to do.
Q. What did it appear like?
Johnson. It appeared as a thing like a handkerchief.
Q. Did you see it in his hand?
Johnson. I did, and saw him fling it out of his hand; I called to the gentleman who was just by, and said, Sir, you have had your pocket picked; he instantly turned about, immediately a woman stooped down and took up the handkerchief; the gentleman with an oath, said, it is my handkerchief.
Q. What was he?
Johnson. He is a recruiting officer belonging to the army. A handkerchief produced in court.
Q. Is this the same handkerchief?
Johnson. It appears to be the same as far as I can say: it was produced before the constable.
Q. What did the prisoner say for himself?
Johnson. He asked me what I meant, when I laid hold on him; and when we came into the Watch-house, there he denied the taking of it, and was very saucy with his tongue.
Q. Did he ever own it?
Johnson. No: he continually denied it while I was with him.


                  William 
                  Cusbee 
               



            . Mr. Johnson, that has given his evidence, came with one Captain Daniel to the Watch-house with the prisoner; there Mr. Johnson charged him with taking a handkerchief out of Captain Daniel's pocket; Captain Daniel came before my Lord-Mayor the next day, and swore to this handkerchief, that is here produced, to be his property.
Q. Where is Captain Daniel?
Cusbee. He is gone to the West of England, a recruiting.
Q. to Johnson. Are you sure you saw the prisoner's hand in the Captain's pocket?
Johnson. I am certain of it, as I am that I now see your Lordship; and saw him take something out and fling it on the ground; which I have all the reason in the world to believe to be the handkerchief, which the Captain swore to before my Lord-Mayor.
Prisoner's defence.
I had made half a holiday, and had been over the water to drink along with a friend; I was at the top of Ludgate-hill, coming down towards the New-market; there came a parcel of people and said, I had picked a gentleman's pocket of a handkerchief and threw it down: I never touched the gentleman.

To his character.


                  Thomas 
                  Wheatly 
               



            . I live next door to where the prisoner was born.
Q. What are you?
Wheatly. I am a master Brewer: I have known him seven or eight years.
Q. What is he?
Wheatly. His father is a Doll-maker
, and he the same.
Q. Where does he live?
Wheatly. He lives in George-yard in Old-street, with his father.
Q. What is his general character?
Wheatly. I never heard any thing of him but that of an honest fellow all the time I have known him.
Q. Have you known him down to this present time?
Wheatly. I have to the time of his being taken up.


                  John 
                  Rogers 
               



            . I live in Old-street, where the prisoner was brought up.
Q. What is your business in the neighbourhood?
Rogers. I am a Baker.
Q. How long have you known him?
Rogers. I have known him about six or seven years.
Q. What has been his behaviour?
Rogers. I never heard any ill of his character 'till this happened.


                  Richard 
                  Granger 
               



            . I live in Old-street.
Q. What are you?
Granger. I am a publican and keep the sign of the George; I have known the prisoner about a year; he is a Doll-maker.
Q. What is his general character?
Granger. I never heard but that he is a very honest man.
Q. Did he use your house ?
Granger. I don't know that he was ever in my house in my life.


                  George 
                  Bennet 
               



            . I live in Golden-lane near Old-street: I have known the prisoner near two years, he has lived with his friends in Old-street ever since I have known him, only when he was abroad.
Q. When was he abroad?
Bennet. He was abroad on board a Merchant-man, about a year ago.
Q. What is his general character?
Bennet. I never heard of any misdemeanour of him in my life.


                  Alice 
                  Godwin 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from a child; he worked for me 'till this happened.
Q. He has been at sea, has he not?
Godwin. He has worked for me ever since he came from sea.
Q. In what business did he work for you?
Godwin. He is a Carver of Babies for me; I deal that way, and sell them to shops.
Q. What is his general character?
Godwin. I never heard any ill of him.


                  Sarah 
                  Grouse 
               



            . I have known the prisoner six or seven years; he has been at sea along with my son.
Q. How long was he at sea?
Grouse. Almost two years.
Q. What is his character?
Grouse. He is a very civil lad.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


