





262. (M.) 
               
                  Martha, the wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hoadman 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing a copper stew pan, value 2 s. one pair of worsted breeches, value 6 s. two stone flower pots, and one silver knee bucks, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shaw 
                  




                
            . May 18
 ++.


                  William 
                  Shaw 
               



            . I live in Swallow-street


. On the 22d day of May I went down into my kitchen, and saw the prisoner there, she hid herself in the closet; it was between 9 and 10 o'clock, I asked who was there, she gave me no answer, I stept to her, and said, What do you do here? She said she was waiting for a person in the house, I stept up stairs, and desired a young man to prevent any body from going out of coors, then I went and enquired of my wife whether there was any body waiting for her below, she told me no, I came down stairs again, and met her coming out of the kitchen, I called down John Green, and sent for the constable, and stopt her till he came; she had two handkerchiefs, with things in them, when the constable came, he opened it, I was present; there was the things mentioned in the indictment; on searching her further he found the stew pan tied under her petticoats, I charged the constable with her, he took her before the justice, she had very little to say for herself, she own'd she took the things.
Q. Were all the things your own?


                  William 
                  Shaw 
               



            . All the things I have mentioned were; but there were other things in the handkerchief, the property of persons unknown.
John Green. I was at work above stairs, my master called me down, I saw a woman upon the stairs, there were two bundles upon the top stair, tied up in handkerchiefs; my master sent me for the constable; when he came I saw him open the bundles, there were the things before mentioned, except the stew pan which dropt from under her petticoats: I went with them before the justice, she made but very little defence, I don't know that she said any thing at all.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw these gentlemen in my life before; I know nothing at all about the goods.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


