





131. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Izzard 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Benson 
                  




                
            , Feb. 14
. ||


                  John 
                  Benson 
               



            . On the 14th of this month, as I was going by the end of Chancery-Lane


 the prisoner push'd against me; I thought he had taken something from me. I missed my handkerchief. I called to him, and saw my handkerchief in his left-hand. I push'd him into a pastry-cook's shop; and after that a woman pick'd up my handkerchief, which he had drop'd at the door (produced in court, and deposed to.)
Q. Are you sure that was your handkerchief which you saw in his hand?
Benson. I am as sure as a man can be to a handkerchief.

Q. Was it light?
Benson. It was light enough to see it, and I felt his hand in my pocket. I saw no body so near me as he was. I don't know the woman.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going along by the prosecutor, he catch'd hold of me, and said I had stoln his handkerchief; a boy ran directly from the side of me across the way. A woman pick'd up a handkerchief, and said don't accuse the man, I believe he is innocent, for I saw a boy run across the way.
To his character.
Mrs. Nichols. I have known the prisoner two years and a half. I never heard any ill character of him. I have lent him a guinea at a time, and he always paid me very honestly.


                  Walter 
                  Buckland 
               



            . I have known him five or six years; I have pass'd my word for beer for him; he always paid me very justly and honestly.


                  Richard 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I knew the prisoner when he kept a publick-house. I have borrowed money, and honestly paid him again. I always took him to be an honest man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


