






99. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Banks 
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for stealing two Cheshire cheeses, value 17 s. one wooden firkin filled with butter, containing 56 lb. value 26 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Jackson 
                        



                      
                  , privately in his shop
            , Jan. 1

. ++


                  Richard 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live in Goswel-street



. I was out on the 1st of January,  at the time the goods mentioned were taken out of my shop, between seven and nine o'clock in the evening; about a week after I saw an advertisement of such goods in justice Fielding's paper; I went there, and found one 
               
                  John 
                  West 
               



             was turned evidence, there was also the prisoner; West charged the prisoner as one that stole the goods, the prisoner desired the justice to admit him to be the witness, he denied having any hand in taking them, but owned to other robberies. West gave an account where they disposed of the goods, we went there, the man of the house said it was a woman that lodged in his house who bought them, but we could not find any.
John West. The prisoner and I had been in Moorfields on New-year's-day at night, we went out with an intent to rob, we having no money. I went into the prosecutor's shop, the people were backwards, and took out one Cheshire cheese and a firkin of butter. There was one 
               
                  James 
                  Pottle 
               



             with me, and he went in, and took out another Cheshire cheese. The prisoner was standing at the door at the time, I delivered my cheese to the prisoner, we went and sold them to a woman in Parker's-lane, I don't know her name, for twenty-eight shillings, and shared the money amongst us; the prisoner knew the woman before; Pottle is gone on board a ship.
Prisoner's defence.
The evidence has often told me when we have been at work together, when I lick'd him, he would do for me. I left them coming from Bedlam; and turned upon the right. I know not where they went.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            

(M.) He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing twenty seven pair of yarn stockings, value 25 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Tooten 
                        



                      
                  , privately in the shop
             of the said Abraham, Dec. 30

. ++


                  Abraham 
                  Tooten 
               



            . I live in Tyburn-road, I am a hosier
; on the 30th day of December I lost twenty seven pair of yarn-stockings, value twenty-five shillings and upwards, but know nothing who took them. I was at justice Fielding's, by the direction of an advertisement, there was West the evidence, who said the prisoner, who was there, took them, the prisoner did not deny or own it. West said they had sold them for eight shillings and two-pence to a woman in Parker's-lane. Mr. Fielding granted Mr. Jackson and I a search-warrant; we went, and the woman could not be found; we could not find the stockings.


                  John 
                  West 
               



            . I, William Banks, and Pottle had been in Tyburn-road between eight and nine o'clock, I can't tell the day, or the month; our agreement was to go and walk about the streets, to see what we could get.
Q. How to get?
West. To rob, A little boy came out of the prosecutor's shop, and the prosecutor shut the door after him, then Banks and Pottle proposed to go in and buy a halfpeny-worth of worsted-Pottle went in, and Banks stood at the door, he desired me to go in, I did, and as Pottle stood before the prosecutor I took the stockings out of the window; I delivered two bundles to and carried the other myself, then Pott) came across the way to us, and Banks delivered one bundle to him; we went and sold them to a woman in Parker's-lane for eight shillings and four-pence, and divided the money amongst us.
Prisoner's defence.
I was sitting at the Royal-oak in High-street drinking, the prisoner and Pottle came by, I said I would stay till they came back, they had nothing in their aprons, but when they came back they had bundles in their aprons, but what they were I don't know. I did not go with them, and know not where they went.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


