





255. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Carrol 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four shillings in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Fowler 
                  




                
            . April 16
 ++.


                  Abraham 
                  Fowler 
               



            . I live in Piccadilley, and am an oil and colour man
; I employed the prisoner to carry some parcels out for me. I had put five shillings and sixpence in my till in silver, April 16. in the morning, and when the prisoner was taken there was but eighteen pence left; the till was not locked.


                  John 
                  Fox 
               



            . The prisoner is a shoe-blacker
. He had carried out some parcels for my master to his customers. I had been in the back warehouse, and when I returned into the shop I found the prisoner there with the till in his hand. Looking into it there was some money in it, but I don't know how much. I asked the prisoner what he was about, and he shut the till too, saying he was doing nothing at all. I then insisted on knowing what money he had in his pocket. He said, with all his heart, and pulled out 3 s. 2 d. I sent for my master to come into the shop. He came and said there were 5 s. 6 d. in the till, which he had just put in. He looked at the till, and found 1 s. 6 d. in it, upon which he charged the prisoner with taking 4 s. out.
Prisoner's defence.
I did not go nigh the till.
Guilty.
255. (M.) 
               
                  Philip 
                  Gore 
               



             was indicted for stealing one saw, val. 3 s. the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Morton 
               



            , April 10. +.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


