





417. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davies 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one violin, val. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Duke 
                  




                
            , Aug 7
. ++.


                  Richard 
                  Duke 
               



            . On the 7th of August the prisoner was brought into my shop. [a musick shop, Red-Lion Street, Holbourn


] I was told he had stole a violin which was my property, but can say nothing to the stealing of it, not being then in the shop. The prisoner denied the taking it. The violin produced in court.
Q. What is the Value of it?
Duke. It is worth about 15 s.


                  George 
                  Pearson 
               



            . I saw the prisoner go into the prosecutor's shop on the 7th of August as I was going on an errand, and saw him come out and put the violin under his coat. The woman of the shop came out and called, Stop him, Stop him. He ran away.
Q. Did you see him taken?
Pearson. No, I did not. I saw a man bring him back into the shop, and saw a violin produced there, but can't say it is the same I saw before.


                  James 
                  Welch 
               



            . When they cried, Stop Thief, the prisoner had the violin and a bow under his coat. A porter stopp'd him and they both fell down. The prisoner dropp'd the violin, and I took it up and would have given it him, but he denied it being his property. The mob carried him to Mr. Duke's shop, and there I saw a violin produced, but whether it is that which fell from the prisoner I can't tell.
Prisoner's defence
As I was going through the Red Lion passage, there I heard there was a siddle dropp'd, but I know nothing of it. I am by trade a shoemaker.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


