






326. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Perciful 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Petty 
                  , otherwise 
Pettit




            , widow
, were indicted, the first for 


               stealing three hundred lemons, value 45 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stevenson 
                  



                
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Dec. 23

.*
John Stevenson. The boy
 at the bar is apprentice
 to Mr. Ives, at the Cooper's-arms alehouse in Botolph-lane, who has part, and I part of a cellar, with a wooden partition between; on the 18th of Sept. last at night, I went into my cellar to look upon a chest of lemons, which I designed for market on the morrow, being Tuesday; I found some lemons had been taken out; the next morning I told my opposite neighbour of it, he and I went and look'd round the cellar, and in the partition there was a place where we judg'd some body might come through, he persuaded me to sit up and watch; I did till half an hour after eleven, but no body came; then I went down into the cellar, and nailed up the chest; my wife was with me, we looked through the place, and under every but were many of our lemon papers.
Q. What are they?
Stevenson. Every lemon is wrap'd up in paper; there we saw abundance of them; then I went and told another of my neighbours of it, and we sat up till between twelve and one o'clock, but no body came. On the Saturday morning I sent for Mr. Ives, and told him of the affair; he no sooner heard of the thing, but said he believed it to be his boy. I went with him into the cellar, and looked under every butt, and found as many as my hat would hold. We charged the boy with taking my lemons, he at first denied it, but at last owned it, and told me the woman at the bar was the receiver of them; he said he was in my cellar on the Saturday at seven in the morning, and that he took some then, and that he had practised it five, and the woman had received them of him for four months. I took up the woman, and she confessed she did receive the lemons of him before Mr. Alderman Stevenson, in my hearing, and that she had of him twenty six lemons the Saturday morning before.
Q. What did she say she gave him for them?
Stevenson. She said she gave him two shillings for them, and Mr. Alderman Stevenson said he knew them lemons were worth four or five shillings, and so they were, and in two or three days time they would have been worth seven or eight shillings.
Petty. The boy told me they were given him by a young woman that worked in Botolph lane.
Q. Did she in her confession say the boy told her this?
Stevenson. I cannot take upon me to say she did make that excuse then, she owned she had received lemons of the boy at divers times for four months past.


                  Peter 
                  Ives 
               



            . I heard the boy confess he had stole lemons from Mr. Stevenson at divers times.
Q. How long have you known the woman?
Ives. I have known her for two or three months, she used to make an excuse to my wife, that she and her children were in the Work-house, and desired the favour of her to let her leave her basket in the cellar, and she used to come in the morning before I was up, and take it away. I heard the boy confess the same, and that she then used to carry away the lemons.
Q. Did she confess she took the lemons away?
Ives. I did not hear her say any thing.


                  Samuel 
                  Holsey 
               



            . Mr. Stevenson having missed lemons from time to time, he came and told me of it on the 19th of September, and desired I would go over to his cellar and look on the chests; I did, and found there were a great many lemons gone, they all appearing to be found, we concluded they must have been taken out; we looked at the partition with the candle, there was a hole that a man might get through; the edge of it look'd quite bright, as if rubbed by often going through; we concluded that must be the way they went; he said he was sure his servants were honest; I advised him to say nothing about it, but watch for several nights, he did, but could not catch any body: then he desired me and Mr. Hill to go to his house, and he sent for Mr. Ives; when he came and was informed of it, he had a suspicion of his boy and the prisoner, and said also he remembered the woman at the bar coming and leaving her basket in his cellar; the boy was taken up, and at first he denied it, but at last he confessed, that on that morning, which was a Saturday, he got thirty lemons, and was to have half a crown of the woman for them. When the woman was taken up, I heard her confess she received twenty six of the boy, and gave him two shillings for them.
Q. Did she confess she had received any more of the boy?
Holsey. She confessed she had received lemons of him several times.
Mr. Hill. On the Wednesday morning I was with Mr. Stevenson, watching to see who came into the cellar.
Q. Do you know any thing of the boy's confession?
Hill. I heard him confess he stole thirty lemons, and sold them to the woman at the bar for half a crown. When the woman was taken up, she confessed before Mr. Alderman Stevenson, she received twenty six of the boy, and gave him two shillings for them. The boy also confessed he had done it for five or six months, and she said she had received lemons of him several times.
Perciful said nothing in his defence.
Q. to Ives. How old is the boy?
Ives. I believe he is between thirteen and fourteen years of age.
Q. How has he behaved with you?
Ives. He has behaved tolerable well, I cannot say that I ever catched him pilfering from me; he is a weak boy as to understanding.
Petty's defence.
I bought twenty six lemons of the boy, and gave him two shillings for them.
Both 

               guilty
            .





[Perciful:Branding.]




[Petty:Transportation.]


