





373. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Seagoe 
                  



               
            , was indicted for that 


               he with a certain pistol loaded with gunpowder and leaden slugs, which he had and held in his right hand, on 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Burton 
                           Milbourne 
                        




                     
                   unlawfully and maliciously did make an assault, with a felonious intent the money of the said Thomas to steal, &c
            . May 19
. +


                  Thomas Burton 
                  Milbourne 
               



            . On the 19th of May, over-right Isleworth church


, in the road, I was driving the coach in which was my master, mistress, and Mrs. Drake. The prisoner presented a pistol to my breast, and said, d - n you, stop, or he'd blow my brains out. I struck him on his thumb with my whip, and repeated my blow a second time, and he dropped his pistol out of his hand on the ground. Immediately after that he unbuttoned his coat and pulled out another; but calling for assistance, he went off.
Q. Did he demand your money?
Milbourne. I was in such a fright that I cannot say whether he did or not. After he was taken he owned his intent was to shoot me.
Q. Did he go to the side of the coach?
Milbourne. No, my lord, he did not.
Q. What distance of time was it between his bidding you to stop and the time you struck the pistol out of his hand?
Milbourne. It was 7 or 8 minutes. He said before the justice he came out on purpose to rob; that he came along Sion-lane with some chaises and intended to rob them, but upon seeing us, and thinking to have a better booty, he passed the chaises to rob us. We passed them chaises and him.
Saunders Dover. I belong to the same gentleman that the coachman did. The prisoner passed by me on horseback the 19th of May, and went up to the coachman. He swore an oath and bid him stop, or he'd blow his brains out directly. The coachman immediately stopped. The prisoner presented a pistol to his breast; as he was cocking it the coachman stood upright and gave him a lick on the arm, which he repeated, and the second blow the pistol dropped from the prisoner. Then he clapped his hand to the other pocket and drew out a second pistol, upon which the coachman drew back and called out a highwayman, so the prisoner made off. We went to secure our master and mistress into the town, and then returned with a good many people in quest of him. A man that was coming over Sion-field hearing the coachman call highwayman, and a gentleman's servant who saw the action assisted in taking him. Before we returned we took him before a justice of peace; he said he was very sorry for what he had done, and that it was the first time he ever attempted such a thing, and owned he went out that day with that intent.


                  Abraham 
                  Weston 
               



            . I heard the coachman call highwayman. The prisoner was stopped by another man. I came over the stile, and he was then in custody. I heard him own before the justice his friends had vexed him, which induced him to set out on that business; that he asked his master leave to go out that day; that he took some powder and his master's pistols, and made some slugs himself; that he hired a horse and then set out.
Prisoner. I have some people here to give me a character.


                  John 
                  Tuck 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 12 or 13 years, I never heard or knew any ill of him before.


                  John 
                  Nutting 
               



            . I was fellow servant with the prisoner, and have known him 14 months; he was a very honest man during that time.


                  John 
                  Watson 
               



            . I have known him about 12 or 14 months, and always took him to be a very sober honest man.
Wilkins Brooks. I have trusted him with a great deal, and he never wronged me.


                  Thomas 
                  Pirkins 
               



            . I have known him about twelve months, his general character is that of a very honest sober young fellow. He is the last person in the world I should have thought would be guilty of such a thing.


                  Joseph 
                  Gray 
               



            . I have known him upwards of a year, and always took him to be a sober honest man.


                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known him about two months; he always behaved himself soberly.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


