





17. (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Ilford , otherwise 
Shepherd




            , was indicted for stealing one 


               silver watch, val. 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elias 
                           Pugh 
                        




                      
                  , privately in his shop
            , Nov. 3
. ++


                  Elias 
                  Pugh 
               



            . On the 3d of last month my wife call'd me down stairs. There was the prisoner in the shop. She told me he had robbed her of a watch and ran away. I charged him with it, and he partly owned it.
Q. In what words did he partly own it?
Pugh. He said he'd go any where to serve his majesty, by land or sea, if I'd release him. I asked him his name. He equivocated with regard to that. First he said it was Ilford, and then Shepherd. I took him before the justice. The justice ask'd him if Ilford was his real or his travelling name; but a person came in, and said his name was Shepherd.
Q. Is your wife here?
Pugh. No, she is not. She is very ill.
Q. Do you know any thing of his taking the watch, of your own knowledge?
Pugh. No, I know nothing of that, but by information of my wife.
Q. Was the prisoner present when your wife gave you this account?
Pugh. He was.
Q. Then you may tell the court what your wife said in the presence of the prisoner.
Pugh. She said he came in, and asked if she had any watches to sell. She told him she had some that would come pretty cheap. She seeing him look like a countryman, shew'd him a large one. He said, that is too big. Then she shew'd him a less one, and in coming to the head of the staircase, and calling to me, Are you coming down he laid his hand on this watch ( producing one ) [This is my property ] and ran away with it, and she skream'd out, and call'd stop thief, upon which he came back. She met him, and he gave her the watch, and wanted to go away, but a person laid hold on him, and brought him into the shop, where I found him on my coming down stairs.
Q. Was your wife before the justice?
Pugh. She was.
Q. Did she mention the same there in the presence of the prisoner ?
Pugh. She did.


                  Thomas 
                  Betsworth 
               



            . I was going by Mr. Pugh's shop, and saw the prisoner in it about a quarter of an hour after eight in the morning. Coming back again I heard the gentlewoman say, Are you coming down? I passed by the door, and in about half a minute's time she cry'd thief, stop thief. The prisoner went about ten paces from the door, and came back with the watch in his hand, and said, Madam, I was not going to run away with it. She said, you villain, what did you take the watch from off the counter for, when I was gone out of the shop ? I laid hold on his collar, and held him. He wanted to get away.
Mr. Lesley. I am a constable. I was charged with the prisoner at the bar, and took him before the justice.
Q. Did you hear the evidence Mrs. Pugh gave there?
Lesley. I did.
Q. What did the prisoner say for himself?
Lesley. He could not deny it, and beg'd he might go on board a man of war.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had no design to run away with the watch. I saw a man that I knew very well in the street, and I thought he might know a watch much better than I, so I ran out to call him, and left the watch case on the counter.
Q to Betsworth. Was it in but one case when you saw it in the prisoner's hand, in the street?
Betsworth. I can't tell whether it was or not.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


