





237. (L.) 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Jones 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pound and a half of tea, value 12 s. one ounce and a half of other tea, value 13 d. four ounces of coffee, one pound of raisins, two pounds and a half of currants, four ounces of sugar, half a pound weight: of almonds, four ounces of indico, and other things
            , the goods of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Mawley 
               




             , May 20
. ++


                  Francis 
                  Mawley 
               



            . I am a grocer
 in Cheapside


; on the 20th of last month I order'd the prisoner, who is my porter
, to carry five pounds worth of halfpence from my counter into my counting house, and put them into my, at which time I was weighing some tea out of a canister near my desk; returning with the tea, I perceiv'd the prisoner let fall a paper. I took it up, and found it to contain a quantity of tea. I immediately charged him with taking it from me, and he confessed he did.
Q. What quantity was it?
Mawley. There was one ounce and a half of it I ask'd him what he intended to do with it? He said he intended to treat a young woman with it on Sunday. Then I wanted to search his box, but he wou'd not let me have the key; upon which I charged a constable with him, and he was carried to the compter. After that, when, he was before the alderman, he order'd his box to be sent for, which was open'd, and the other goods laid in the indictment were found in it. There were some figures upon the papers in which the things were, of my hand writing.
Q. Can you say the goods were your property?
Mawley. I have great reason to believe they were mine.
Q. Do you know whether he ever was porter to any other-grocer ?
Mawley. I never heard that he was. When all the goods which were in different papers were put upon a bench before him, Mr. alderman Dickenson order'd him to take away all the goods that were his; then he took up half a pound of tea, and said that was his.
Q. Did he say the others were your's?
Mawley. He said some of them were not mine. The alderman ask'd him whose they were, and at last he said they were his wife's; I did not know that he was a married man before; but at last he did acknowledge the goods to be mine.


                  William 
                  Haverne 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; he call'd me backwards into the counting house, where was the prisoner. I saw the paper with tea in it. Master desir'd him to tell him who it was that put him upon robbing him. He said he took the tea to treat a young woman with on the Sunday. There were other things found in his box, and some of the papers had figures on them of my writing.
Prisoner's defence.
I had these things in my custody before I went to live with my master.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


