





294. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Freeman 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 3 gold rings, value 2 s. 2 silver spoons, value 1 s. 6 d. 24 silver buttons, value 2 s. 1 pair of silver clasps, 3 pair of silver sleeve buttons, 1 pair of silver studs, I silver stock-buckle
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Atkins 
                  




                
            , June 2
. *
Mary Atkins. I am wife to the prosecutor. We live at Gravesend


. The prisoner was a lodger in our house; I missed the goods mentioned in the indictment, and the prisoner too, about 8 o'clock on Saturday night last, I went and searched about for him at all the alehouses, but could not find him. He was taken here in London, with the things upon him.


                  John 
                  Willis 
               



            . I am a watchman in Covent-Garden parish. The prisoner is my son-in-law; he came to me on Saturday last about 11 at night, and we had a pot of beer together, at a house faceing my stand; he shewed me 2 gold rings, the snuff box, and stock-buckle, upon which I thought he did not come honestly by them, I apprehended him, and took him to the Roundhouse, and delivered the things I mentioned, to the Roundhouse-keeper's wife.
Mr. Carey. I am watchouse-keeper in Covent-garden parish. When the prisoner was brought into the house, I asked him if he had any more things about him, and he delivered the rest of these things to me, some buttons, two spoons, &c. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.
Prisoner's Defence.
On Saturday in the afternoon I was coming to see my brother in London. My landlady generally desired me to take care of the house; I saw a drawer about an inch out in which were these things, I was afraid she would be robbed, so took them along with me to London to preserve them, because there was another lodger in the house. All the neighbours will give me the character of an honest man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


