





1. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Holland 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one hempen sack, value 8 d. and four bushels of salt, value 16 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Matth.ew 
                     Langley 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ward 
                  



                
            , November 6
. ++


                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            . I am a salter
, and live at Queen-Hith. On Saturday the 6th of November I lost four bushels of salt.
Q. Have you a partner?
Ward. I have; his name is 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Langley 
               



            .


                  Thomas 
                  King 
               



            . I employed this man to carry five, sacks up from my lighter to Mr. Ward's shop. He carried four to his house, took money for five, and carried the other to the sign of the Bear, at the corner of Garlick-Hill. This sack being missing I by inquiring found it there, and the salt in it.
Q. How many bushels were in that sack?
King. Four bushels.
Q. Did you trust him with all the five sacks?
King. Yes, I did.


                  Richard 
                  Bulls 
               



            . I keep the Brown-Bear at the bottom of Garlick-Hill. The prisoner brought in a sack of salt, and asked me leave to set it down in the tap-room; I said, there was not room there, but he might carry it backwards, which he did. He desired I'd let it be there till he call'd again. (The empty sack produced.) This is the same sack.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am subject to have falling fits. I had one just before I carried up this salt, so that I did not know what I had done with it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


