






188. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Russel 
                  



                
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 2 l. 2 s. two cornelian seals set in silver, val. 3 s. privately from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Harrison 
                        



, March 3

. And
189. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Overy 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            . ++


                  William 
                  Harrison 
               



            . On the 3d of last month I was going through Stony-lane



 into Petticoat lane



, the prisoner Russel stood at a door, and beckoned me into a house: I asked what she wanted, and told her I could do no such thing. She pull'd up my apron and began to handle my breeches: I stood as I do now; but had not been gone two minutes before I missed my watch.
Q. Was you in the street with her?
Harris. No, I went into the house with her, but did not stay two minutes there. It was not a publick-house; I believe it was her own. I turn'd back immediately, and found there was a padlock on the out-side the door: I went and got a watchman, who knock'd at the door; on which the prisoner Overy came down, and said, Mr. Harrison; what is the matter? I said, I had lost my watch, and could know the person if I saw her that took it. I went and fetch'd the constable, Overy went with me, and was very busy in it. The constable went up stairs next door to that house, and up two pair of stairs found 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Russel 
               



            , whom I charg'd; but have never seen my watch since. She was carried before a justice of peace; she there said she never saw me till the time I charged the constable with her. I know I had it when I went into the house with her.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Phillips 
               



            . The prisoner Russel gave me a watch to give to her husband, which is the man in the bar with her, she called him her husband then. I took it and carried it up stairs; he said it was the last cull's watch his wife had had, and he cut two seals off it. Overy said it was Mr. Harrison's watch, and that he was a brewer; after which I heard him say, he sold it for thirty-six shillings.
Q. to Harrison. What sort of a watch was your's?
Harrison. It was a small watch with two seals, one with four thanks to it.
Phillips. The seals I saw were the same, and the watch a small one.
Q. to Harrison. What colour was the string?
Harrison. It was an old pink colour very dirty.
Q. to E. Phillips. What colour was that string you saw?
Phillips. It was a blue, very dirty.
Q. from the prisoner. Was it not in that evidence's house you lost your watch?
Harrison. I thought it to be the prisoner Russel's house.
Q. Was you sober?
Harrison. I was about half cock'd, neither drunk nor sober, I saw no other woman but the prisoner.
Q. Was you sober enough to know whether you did not give her the watch.
Harrison. I did not give her the watch.
Q. Did you feel a hand in your pocket?
Harrison. I did not.


                  William 
                  Williams 
               



            . On the 4th of March, Overy brought the watch to me, and asked me if I knew where his Sarah was, that is Russel. I told him no. He shewed me the watch, which he pull'd out of his fob, there were two seals to it with mens heads.
Q. to Harrison. What seals were your's?
Harrison. They were mens heads.
Evidence continues. The biggest seal was broke through the middle.
Harrison. Mine was broke as he describes it.
Evidence continues. Then he said his Sarah was gone to the Compter, for robbing Mr. Harrison, a brewer, of his watch. He did not say this watch was the brewer's.
Q. Had you the watch in your hand?
Williams. I had, but can't read, so don't know the name.


                  Ann 
                  Williams 
               



            . I was in bed with my husband when Overy brought the watch to our bedside, and shewed it us; it had two such seals as my husband described. My husband had it in his hand and open'd it.


                  Matthew 
                  Bacon 
               



            . The prisoner Overy sent two men to me, to tell me, if I could stop the prosecution the watch should be restor'd ; and also when he went into Guildhall, upon condition he had any security that 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Russell 
               



             should not be hurt, he'd get me the watch.
Russell's Defence.
When the men came to take me, the witness Phillips was in my room; she said she had done something, and desired I'd cover her over with the quilt, which I did. I never saw Harrison till he came to take me up.
Overy's Defence.
I was not there at that time, and have several witnesses to my character.
To Overy's Character.


                  Daniel 
                  Leboe 
               



            . I have known him 14 years, he and I are weavers, he work'd with me five months, I never heard any ill thing against him in my life: he can earn between thirty and forty shillings a week; he works in the gause way for shades.


                  Lawrence 
                  Webb 
               



            . I have known him five or six years, he is a very honest man, and work'd hard for his bread at weaving.


                  Peter 
                  Golee 
               



            . I have known him eight or nine years, and never heard that he wrong'd any body, nor ever, to my knowledge, heard a bad character of him.


                  Peter 
                  Lithgoe 
               



            . I have known him about a year, and have worked in the shop with him, and never knew any harm of him.
Q. from Overy. Ask Bacon the character of 
               
                  William 
                  Williams 
               



             and his wife.
Bacon. They are to be believed ten times more than Overy. Williams is an honest fellow, I think he and his wife ought to be believed on their oaths.
Russel 


               guilty 10 d.
            

Overy 

               Acq
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


