







93. 94. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robertson 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Jackson 
                  



               
            , were indicted, 


               for that they on the 24th of November
, about the hour of twelve in the night, on the same day, the dwelling of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Day 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, two spades value 2 s. five quart bottles filled with cyder, value 3 s. one iron bolt, and one iron key, did steal
            , &c. ++


                  Isaac 
                  Day 
               



            . I live at the White-hart at Brumpton


 : on the 24th of November, in the morning, about seven o'clock, I was called up. I came down and found my cellar window open.
Q. How does it open, backwards or forwards?
Day. It opens backwards into my yard: and I found the parlour window broke open in the fore part of my house, the iron bar that is keyed on the inside: the bolt was drawn thro' and taken away: I missed two spades, which I had put into my cellar over night, five bottles of cyder, the belt and the key: what beer they took in the cellar, I cannot tell.
Q. Were these places all fast at your going to bed ?
Day. They were to my certain knowledge, at about nine o'clock, and the Tyles all on the house: but in the morning, there were two of them taken off a place that jetts out over my cellar door: that door was broke open by the staple being bent: about a week or ten days after I heard the prisoners had been drinking cyder: and having been told one of them was a lusty Black, I seeing Robertson at St. Mary Overs, I apprehended him; then he told us where he sold the spades, and owned he broke open the cellar, and that Jackson and one Conningham were along with him: we went and found one spade, where he told me, at Rotherhithe, just by the Boatswain and Call: I asked him how he came to my house, he said he would go to any house where he could get any thing to make money of: I know nothing against the other prisoner, except what Robertson said: (one spade was produced in court, and deposed to.)


                  Joseph 
                  Lankey 
               



            . I went to the prosecutor's house, on the 24th of November in the morning: I saw the cellar door open: I went round the house, and found a place with three or four pan-tyles off: the bar was down belonging to the parlour window: the pin and key was pulled thro', and both gone: I was at the apprehending the Black at the Bottle-glass-house, St. Mary Overs : he owned to the breaking open the place: he said one Conningham had been through the tyling, and that Jackson took the pane of glass out of the window.
Q. Did you hear Jackson say any thing about it?
Lankey. No, I never did: I have known him from a child, and I never heard, or knew any ill of him.


                  Richard 
                  Bradford 
               



            . I live at Rotherhithe : there were two labouring men came to me: I believe Robertson the Black was one of them: it is about five or six weeks ago: they asked me (as I break up ships) for work, I told them it was a dead time of the year: the Black said he had been from London Bridge, a great way, and could get no work: that as he had not any victuals, he must sell his spade, he asked me two shillings and six pence for it: I offered him one shilling and six pence: I went backwards, about my business, he went away, and some time after he came again, and let me have it.
Q. I Robertson the Black you mention?
Lankey. I think he is, I never saw him but then and now.
Q. Do you know the other person that was with him?
Lankey. No, I know the other prisoner is not the man: the prosecutor came to my house for the spade which has been produced, and they had it away.


                  Joseph 
                  Newcomb 
               



            . I desired the prosecutor to let me leave my spade the 23d of Nov. at his house: I left it, and it was put into the cellar.
Robertson's defence.
This man took me up in the Glass-house ; he persuaded me to swear against Jackson : I said I don't know such a man as Jackson, no farther than that I worked with him in the Brick-fields last Summer; he said if I would swear against him, I should have fifty pounds reward : I never was that way in my life: I am as innocent as the child unborn.
To his character.


                  Henry 
                  Monk 
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Scot, and look after his Brick-kilns, by St. George's-fields: I employed Robertson the Black about three months, I knew nothing of him before.
Q. When was he discharged from your work?
Monk. I believe about a week before the time of the robery.


                  Henry 
                  Walker 
               



            . I have known Robertson about six or seven months: I never knew any ill of him.
Robertson 


               guilty of Felony only
            , Jackson 

               Acquitted
            .
For Robertson see No. 76, in Sir William Calvert's Mayoralty.




[Transportation. See summary.]


