





143. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Crevis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pound weight and a quarter of thread, value 3 s. and one pound weight of indico, value 8 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Tilbury 
                        




                      
                  , in the warehouse
             of the said Jonathan, Feb. 9
. ||


                  Jonathan 
                  Tilbury 
               



            . I am a dyer
, and live in Old-Street


; the prisoner is my apprentice
. I have had great complaints amongst my customers, that they missed thread, and charged it to my account. The prisoner used to lay out of nights; I used to talk to him for it, and ask'd him where he got money to support himself in such practices; he told me he did not need much money, for he kept gentlemen company, and they treated him. I twice found my indico chest staple drawn out; I put it in again, thinking it might be shook out, and clinch'd it on the inside. Some time after that I found it out again, and I put it in again. On Saturday was fortnight he had hired a horse to go down into the country; he went out of town; and while he was gone I searched my warehouse, to see if I could find any thing; in searching about, I found an old waistcoat of the prisoner's; in the pocket were a couple of keys. I tried my indico and soap chests, and they sitted and opened them both. Then I put them into his pocket again; he did not come home till the next morning. Then I sent for a constable, and charged him with the prisoner; then the prisoner said what do you charge him with me for? I told him, because I believed him to be a thief. I ordered him to go backwards into my warehouse, and demanded him to open a cupboard that he had made himself there. He tried, but being in a flutter, could not open it; then I order'd it to be broke open; whence he took out the thread and indico mentioned in the indictment himself. I ask'd him how he came by that indico, he said he had it not from the chest, but he took it out of the indico bowl, which I grind it in, after I have done with it; but that was impossible, for had he took it out of the bowl after I had ground it, it would have been like slaked time; but this is hard, and the same as is in the chest. I took him before the justice; and in going along he confessed he had stole twenty pounds weight of thread, and sold it for five shillings; and three pounds of thread, which he had sold for three shillings.
Cross examination.
Q. Had not the prisoner an estate left him?
Tilbury. There was a house left him at Hampstead, after his uncle's decease, if he dies without issue; he has no right to it now; his great uncle left it so.
Q. Does he receive no profit of it now?
Tilbury. No, none, as I know of.
Q. Have you been apply'd to by any body to prosecute him?
Tilbury. No, I have not.
Q. Are you sure that indico you found in the cupboard was your indico?
Tilbury. I know it was of the same sort of mine in the chest. I should think it could belong to no person else but me.


                  Joseph 
                  Hest 
               



            . I am the officer (He produced the thread and indico) The prosecutor charged me with the prisoner, and delivered these things to me.
Q. Did you see the cupboard broke open?
Hest. I did; and saw the thread and indico taken out of a box that was in the cupboard.
Q. Did the prisoner say which way he came by them?
Hest. No, he did not.
Q. to the prosecutor. Look at this thread and indico?
Tilbury. (He takes the thread in his hand; it was small parcels of divers colours). Here are divers of my customers thread that I missed; in this quantity here are different colours, some fine, some coarse; as to the indico it is of the same sort of mine; but I can't undertake to swear to a single pound of indico, tho' I can't conceive it could be the property of any one else; and he being my apprentice, had no business with any, either his own, or any body's else.


                  John 
                  Tilbury 
               



            . I am son to the prosecutor. I was present when my father charged the constable with the prisoner. My father desired him to deliver up the keys; he deliver'd up two; my father said he had more; he said he had no more. My father then said he knew he had two keys that would open his soap and indico chests. When the cupboard door was broke, there was a box in it, in which we found the indico and thread. He was ask'd where he had the indico; he said he took it out of the bowl in which we grind it. As to the thread, he said he had taken it from the customers parcels, and said it was the customers thread. I go pretty much amongst the customers, and we had frequent complaints of their missing thread.
Cross examination.
Q. Has no body apply'd to you to prosecute this man?
J. Tilbury. No, no body at all. My father was bound over before the justice.


                  Benjamin 
                  Morris 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess he had taken soap out of the chest.
Cour t. There is no soap laid in the indictment.
Morris. I heard him own the thread and indico to be his master's property; and said he hoped his master would excuse him, and he'd do so no more.
Cross examination.
Q. Were there any promises made him when he confessed this?
Morris. No, there were not.
Prisoner's defence.
That thread and that indico. I picked up at different times about the warehouse; and put them in that place for security, with intent to give them to my master.
To his character.


                  Thomas 
                  Trevis 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since he was a little boy. I never knew any ill of him.

Q. How long has he been apprentice to the prosecutor?
Trevis. He has been apprentice about three years and a half.
Q. Are you any way related to him?
Trevis. I am his uncle; when I die, there is a house, if I have no issue, that will be his. I find him cloaths, and what is necessary in his apprenticeship.
Mr. Armstrong. I have known the prisoner from a child. I never knew any harm by him in my life.


                  Samuel 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I have known him between two and three years.
Q. What is his general character?
Stevens. I never knew any thing amiss of his character before this. I always look'd upon him to be an industrious and sober young man.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


