





377. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Murdock 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 62 yards of woollen cloth, value 35 l. 6 yards of corded silk, value 50 s. one yard and 3 quarters of stuff, call'd everlasting, value 4 s. 64 yards of dimity, value 5 l. 93 yards of linen cloth, value 4 l. 6 dozen of mettle buttons, gilded, value 9 s. 10 yards of Scotch plaid, value 15 s. 137 yards of shalloon, value 8 l. 44 yards of silk, value 8 l. 13 yards of hair-shag, 4 yards of cotton velvet, 13 yards of velvet, 125 yards of allapeen, 6 yards and 3 quarters of say, 3 pieces of worsted for breeches, 7 yards of holland, 18 ounces of silver lace, 2 yards and a half of cherry-derry, 31 ounces of gold cord, 7 ounces of gold lace, 15 moidores, 41 thirty-six shilling pieces, 63 l. 12 s. pieces, 175 guineas, and 15 l. 12 s. in money numbered, the goods and money of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cornthwate 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop
             of the said William, October 17
. ||


                  Peter 
                  Rothendorf 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cornthwate; he is a taylor
; the prisoner lived with him two years and a half, in the capacity of a clerk
; for a twelve month last past there has been very large quantities of goods missing at divers times.
Q. Where does your master live?
Rothendorf. He lives in King-street, St. James's


. On the 15th of October, about seven in the evening, I found a bundle tied up in a handkerchief, in my master's garden near the wall.
Q. Did it lie near the shop ?
Rothendorf. It did. I took it up and carried it into the kitchen and shewed it my master; there were 6 yards and a quarter of blue superfine cloth; I then went up into the shop and looked out of the window to see if any body came to take it; I observed the prisoner go to the place where it had laid, and he stoop'd down for it.
Q. What do you mean by stooping?
Rothendorf. It was dark; this was about 8 o'clock, after he had left work.
Q. Whose property was that bundle?
Rothendorf. It was my master's property; but the handkerchief, which the goods were in, was the prisoner's.
Q. How do you know it to be the prisoner's?
Rothendorf. Because he had such a one.
Q. Did you ever hear him own it to be his?
Rothendorf. No. There were two trunks full of goods found upon the prisoner, and I was before the justice when they were produced there. The prisoner said in my hearing, the goods were the property of my master.
Cross examination.
Q. Had you any reason to believe he embezzled your master's goods before?
Rothendorf. No.
Q. How far is the shop from the place where you found the bundle?
Rothendorf. The shop is up one pair of stairs; the garden is a little distance off.
Q. Is it a place where the servants all go through?
Rothendorf. The bundle lay in the way we go up to the necessary-house, in the garden.
Q. Is that common for all your master's servants to go to?
Rothendorf. It is.


                  William 
                  Cornthwate 
               



            . I am a taylor, and live in King-street, St. James's-square; the prisoner has been my servant, I believe about three years: I have had great reason to fear he did not do right, having missed many goods; upon the parcel being found in my garden, I took a warrant against the prisoner, and a search-warrant also. He lodged at Mr. Crow's in the Strand; I was not at the searching his lodgings there, but I was at the searching at Mrs. Gourley's in St. Martin's. There were goods found in a room said to belong to the prisoner; there we found two trunks with a very great quantity of goods in them, my property. ( The two trunk full of goods produc'd in court.) These goods are all my property. I have look'd them over, they have been seal'd up ever since. These were all shew'd to the prisoner before justice Lediard; on his first examination he denied them to be mine; but on the 2d and 3d he did own them to be all mine; which are the goods mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Did he say how he came by the goods?
Cornthwate. I ask'd him that question; he said he had taken them from me, and that all in the trunks were mine. There was the money, mentioned in the indictment, in one of the trunks.
Q. Whose property did he say that was?
Cornthwate. He said all in the trunks were my property. There were also goods found at Mr. Crow's, which were produced before the justice, which the prisoner said were mine; part of the goods mentioned in the indictment.
Cross examination.
Q. How long had the prisoner been your servant?
Cornthwate. He had been with me two years and a half.
Q. Had you not a character with him when you took him to be your servant?
Cornthwate. I had none, for which I am considerably culpable.
Q. Don't you employ several other servants?
Cornthwate. I employ a great number of people.
Q. Are those you employ trusted with your goods?
Cornthwate. Yes, they are.
Q. In what capacity was the prisoner in your service?
Cornthwate. He liv'd solely as my book-keeper.
Council. Then he was not trusted with the care of your goods?
Cornthwate. He had access to them, and as I missed goods I suspected every body.
Q. Where were these goods before taken away?
Cornthwate. They were in chests, and places made on purpose to lay goods into, shut up with folding doors, but no locks.
Q. Is there any particular marks on these goods that you can know them by?
Cornthwate. From the manner of their having been cut, they are as well known to me as possible; I have paid for some of them some years.


                  Robert 
                  Crow 
               



            . I live at the Golden-fleece in the Strand, opposite Hungerford market; the prisoner lodged with me above a year. I was present when the search-warrant was first brought to my house; Mr. Cornthwate and I went up into the prisoner's room; it was up three pair of stairs. We found nothing there; then they went and brought the prisoner; Mr. Cornthwate did not return again. We search'd again and found some goods; the prisoner had sent two trunks from my house the night before to Mrs. Gourley's; we thought he was going to leave his lodgings; but he said he was not: I gave an account of these two trunks, and where they were carried, and they went and found them.
Court. Look at these trunks here produc'd.
Crow. These are the same trunks. I was before the justice and heard the prisoner own that the goods found at his lodging at my house, and also all in the trunks, were Mr. Cornthwate's property.
Cross examination.
Q. Did Mr. Cornthwate make him any promise before he confessed?
Crow. I did not hear any.


                  Anne 
                  Gourley 
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-lane; I have seen the prisoner three or four times; the first time was more than a year ago; he came then to take a lodging in my house, but my rent was too high for him: He came since and desired my husband to let two trunks be in my house, we having an empty room, saying, he thought he might be obliged to leave his other place. We gave him leave, and that same night, which was this day week, he came with two porters, who brought these two trunks that are here; they were carried up into my first-floor, and put in a room; he did not say whose goods they were, but took the key of the room along with him and promised to come again the next day. He came the next day between one and two o'clock, and told my husband and I, that the goods were not really his, but they were a friend's of his that liv'd over the water, and was then in distress, and they had been by the land lord.
Q. Were the trunks lock'd?
Gourley. They were; and they were lock'd also when Mr. Cornthwate found them
Q. Was you with the prisoner before the justice?
Gourley. I was. The goods were shown piece by piece to the prisoner; there he was some time quite dumb and after that I heard him own they were all the property of Mr. Cornthwate.
Cross examination.
Q. What was your opinion of the prisoner before this ?
Gourley. I look'd upon him to be an honest man.


                  Joseph 
                  Lawrenson 
               



            . I am a constable; I had a search-warrant brought to me to search the prisoner's lodgings; Mr. Cornthwate and I, and another man, went to his lodging at Mr. Crow's. We search'd, but found nothing then, we went to Mr. Cornthwate's house, and Mr. Bateman and I took the prisoner there; we search'd again, and at coming out of the room I thought to look upon the tester of the bed; I look'd, and found a bundle, part of the goods here produc'd; then we went to justice Lediard's; the goods were produced there, and the two trunk, and goods found in them. The prisoner would own nothing at first, but at last, said, all that were produced there were Mr. Cornthwate's property.
Q. Was there any money produc'd there?
Lawrenson. There was; it was taken out of one of the trunks.
Q. Whose did he say that was?
Lawrenson. He said it was his own, but desired it might be given to Mr. Cornthwate, and by his desire it was delivered to him.
Q. to prosecutor. Where were these goods taken from?
Prosecutor. They were taken out of my shop or warehouse.
Q. What shop is it?
Prosecutor. I keep a large shop of goods; it is my cutting-room, or shop, or warehouse.
Q. Is your's such a shop as passengers that pass and repass go in to buy?
Prosecutor. It is up one pair of stairs, nobody that goes by can see goods there?
Q. Do you sell goods there?
Prosecutor. I do. Every day I sell silks, brocades, silver-lace unmade-up; gentlemen come and chuse them, and I make them up.
what have you to say for yourself
I say the
you are chang'd with having kind of goods in your lodgings account can you give how you came
Prisoner. My councel for
I could speak that for you, you and speak for yourself
Prisoner. Why, I bought them
To his character.


                  Henry 
                  Salder 
               



            . I am a cheesemonger and live in the Strand; I have known the prisoner about three years and a half.
Q. What is his general character?
Salder. He lodg'd with me about two years and, all this time, I never heard any thing of him. I would have trusted him with a 100 l.


                  Alexander 
                  Lidgerwood 
               



            . I keep a public-house in Church-court in the Strand; I have known the prisoner upwards of two years.
Q. What is his general character?
Lidgerwood. Always that of a very sober honest man; I never heard any thing to the contrary.
Q. Did you live near him?
Lidgerwood. I liv'd within three doors of where he lodged.


                  Andrew 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I keep a public-house in the Strand; I have known him three years; I never heard any thing of him but what was honest and just.


                  James 
                  Bean 
               



            . I am a taylor, and live in Surry-street; I have known him four years; he came to live with me in the year 1752; he had the care of my books; I never knew any thing of him, but what was upright and just.
Cross examination.
Q. How long is it ago since he left your service?
Bean. It is three years ago.
Mr. Crow again. I never heard any thing ill of the prisoner before this affair; he paid me very honestly, and more than once he has paid me what I had forgot to charge.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the shop
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


