





4. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Charlton 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of stays, value 4 s. and one callimanco petticoat, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Watkins 
                  




                
            , spinster
, Nov. 17
. +


                  Anne 
                  Watkins 
               



            . I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, on a Saturday night in November, about an hour after they were taken away; the prisoner was taken up on the Monday following, when she owned she had taken them, and took me to Mr. Rotchford's, a pawnbroker, where we found them.


                  Walter 
                  Rotchford 
               



            . I took in these stays and petticoat of the prisoner at the bar [producing the stays deposed to by the prosecutrix.]
Q. What account did the prisoner give of herself when she brought them ?
Rotchford. She said she had but just taken them out from another place, and was obliged to pledge them again.
Q. When did she bring them?
Rotchford. On the 17th of November, just about candle lighting.
Prisoner's Defence.
A young man and woman lived at the prosecutor's house, up three pair of stairs; they quarrelled and parted, and he cut her cloaths to pieces. He desired me to come and make it up between them. I went, and staid drinking there till about ten o'clock at night. Having drank plentifully, going out of the room, saw the lace of the stay hang down upon the stairs; I laid hold of it, and down came the stay and petticoat with it. I took them up, put them into my apron, and took them away. She came to me afterwards, and I owned where they were.
Prosecutrix. The pawnbroker would not let me see the petticoat, except I would first pay the money it was pawned for.
Court. Mr. Rotchford, your shop should be open to all customers; this is a misbehaviour; you ought to shew people their goods when they come for them.



               Guilty
            .
[The court ordered Mr. Rotchford to deliver the petticoat to the prosecutrix, without receiving any money for it.]




[Transportation. See summary.]


