





116. (L.) 
               
                  Gerrard 
                  Levy 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing one hat value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac Dias 
                           Fanandus 
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            , Jan. 14
. ||
Thomas Lake. I keep an optical shop in Leaden-hall-street. I was in the shop, and heard the cry stop thief! between 5 and 6 o'clock on the 14th of Jan. and saw the prisoner run by my shop door from a gentleman that was without a hat; I said to the gentleman, what, have you been robbed of? he said, a hat. I pursued the prisoner and took him in Fenchurch Buildings, another witness then followed me, and we found this hat under the prisoner's coat ; (produced in court); we brought the prisoner to the gentleman without his hat; he desired me to give him the hat, saying, it was his hat, which I did. This was Mr. Fanandus ; there came another Jew behind him, and they whispered together; then the gentleman gave the prisoner the hat again, and said it was none of his hat, but still he kept pulling it at several times to take it out of my hand; I charged the constable with the prisoner; then the person that should have been the prosecutor laid hold on the prisoner, and would not let me have him away; then the prisoner said he was going to carry the hat to be cleaned, and that it was his brother's hat.


                  Richard 
                  Cray 
               



            . I live at the corner of the alley near Bouker's Gardens, and was in my shop, and heard the cry, stop thief! there I saw the man without a hat, and asked what was the matter; he said, thief take my hat, and is gone through there; I went and found the prisoner with the hat under his coat; when we stopt him he said, I know Mr. Dias.


                  Samuel 
                  Cole 
               



            . I saw an old gentleman without his hat, but can't tell the day, it was six o'clock at night, it was Mr. Dias Fanandus (I knew him before) he was making water against a wall, and I was walking along Leadenhall street; the prisoner ran up Sugar-Loof Court with the hat; the old gentleman called out, stop thief! the prisoner was taken presently after, and I saw a hat taken from him.


                  Henry 
                  Motloe 
               



            . I was shutting up my shop, and heard the cry, stop thief! I saw some men run across the way, and come back again in less than a minute's time; I was sent for away, but returned again presently ; then there was a gentleman in black without a hat; the prisoner had a hat in his hand, but the prosecutor would not say it was his.


                  Isaac
                   Dias Fanandus
               



             was called, but did not appear.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to Crutched Friers, and going along found that hat, so those fellows ran after me, took me, pulled me about, and said I stole it.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


