






390. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Maria 
                     Newman 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one gold ring set with a stone, val. 10s. 10 guineas in gold, and 4 s. 6 d. in money, numbered, the goods and money of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Jenkins 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Cale 
                     



, widow, June 16
 ||


                  Henry 
                  Jenkins 
               



            . I met with the prisoner on the outside of Temple bar. June 15, as I was going to my lodgings; I had seen her before. She said she could bring me to a place where she was acquainted. I went with her to the house of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cale 
               



            , the Salutation within Temple bar


. I called for an 18 penny worth of negus or punch, I know not which. I was a little in liquor. I agreed for a bed, and paid 2 shillings for it; we had two pints of wine afterwards; after which I took the key of the waiter and locked myself and her in, and put the key in my fob and went to bed with her. When I awaked, which was between four and five o'clock. I looked about and saw my breeches on the floor, the prisoner was gone; I stretched out my hand for my breeches, then I missed my ring off my finger, it was a gold one with a stone in it. I searched my breeches and found nothing but two farthings left.
Q. What had you before?
Jenkins. I had ten guineas and a half in gold when I went with her, but I had changed the half guinea to pay my landlord. I had then ten guineas in my fob, and the key of the door upon them when I went to bed.
John Hill. The prosecutor and prisoner came into the Salutation tavern near Temple bar (I am a waiter there) they called for a room a little before twelve at night the fifteenth of June, I shewed them one, there was a bed in it; they called for liquor, I carried it them; they had 1 s. 6 d. in punch, and two pints of wine, he paid me for that and the bed, in all 5 s. 6 d. and giving me half a guinea I carried it to my mistress to change, and returned him five shillings out of it. In the morning he called me up a little before six o'clock, and told me he had lost ten guineas in gold, and 4 s. 6 d. in silver, and three gold rings. We went in search of her, and looked in every room about the house, but could not find her. We have a pair of folding doors, which go into a yard; these I fastened before I went to bed, and found them open when I was called up in the morning, as I did likewise the inner door, and there were marks on the wall about six feet high, where she had got over; it goes into Sheer lane. We found her in Peter's street near Saffron hill. After we found her, and I had charged her with taking three rings from the prosecutor he then recollected but one. She confessed before justice Fielding she took the ring and 4 s. 6 d. in silver, but denied that she either saw or knew of any guineas.
Q. Is the Salutation in London or Middlesex?
Hill. The front is in London, but that room where they lay is in Middlesex.
Prisoner's Defence.
The man met me on the other side Temple bar, and asked me if I would go with him, I said I did not chuse it; he said I should go to the Salutation Tavern ; we went and had a negus, and two pints of wine. He gave me the ring and 4 s. 6 d. before we went to bed. I saw no gold about him. 


               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


