





140. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Dorothy 
                     Jackson 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted, together with 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Jackson 
               



            , not yet taken, for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 12 s. one sattin waistcoat, value 20 s. three shirts, one linen sheet, one apron, two pair of mens gloves, two pair of pattens, five brass weights, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Dickson 
                        




                      
                   in his dwelling-house
            , December 26
. +


                  Richard 
                  Dickson 
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live opposite Prince's-street


, facing the Mansion-house; the prisoner's daughter was my servant; I missed a silver spoon, a sattin waistcoat, three shirts, one holland sheet, one pair of pumps, several brass weights, two pair of patterns, and a check apron. On the 1st of January we were to have company to supper, the maid was ordered to clean the spoons, and bring them down stairs. She presently came down, and said she must go out. We told her, as we were to have company, she must not go. Then she begged for three-quarters of an hour; we let her go, but she never returned. Then we received a letter, which the prisoner at the bar said she wrote. We took the prisoner on the 4th of January, and before justice Clark she there owned that her daughter gave her the things at her request, and she had pawned them: and by her direction we found the table-spoon and sattin waistcoat at Mr. Woolridge's, and two shirts and one sheet pawned to Mrs. Waters. She owned to them, but would to no more. I once catched her at my house, by getting up sooner than ordinary; then I did not know who she was; she told me she came from my maid's mother, and she was very ill. The maid had been out the night before, but did not say, at her return, that her mother was ill. After that came the sister, and told me her mother was recovered. We found some of the goods after at Mr. Brunkley's, pawn'd by the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Fisher 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Thompson, a fishmonger facing the Mansion-house; I have seen the prisoner come almost every morning in the month of December to Mr. Dickson's house to the maid before the family were up, and have known her to be there almost a quarter of an hour at a time, but can't say I ever saw her carry any thing away.


                  Robert 
                  Woolbridge 
               



            . I live in Queen-street, in the Park, Surry; I am a pawnbroker; this sattin waistcoat and spoon I received of the prisoner at the bar; I lent her 8 s. 6 d. on the spoon, and 19 s. on the waistcoat; she lived in my neighbourhood.
Mr. Waters. I live at Lowman's-pond, Surry; I am a hatter; the prisoner at the bar brought to me an apron, a shirt, and a table-cloth, ( the shirt produced).
Prosecutor. This shirt is mine, I know it by the mark.
Prisoner's defence.
I never took any of the goods out of Mr. Disckon's house; my dear child once took this waistcoat out of the house before, and it was delivered back again.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


