





292 (L) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Welling 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 15 d. the property of 
                     
                        Jos 
                        Saunderson 
                     



                   , two linnen aprons, one linnen handkerchief, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Stains 
                        



                      
                  ; four pair of sheets, 2 copper sauce-pans
            , the goods of 
               



            , March 30
. +


                  Jos 
                  Saunderson 
               



            . I live in the Work-house belonging to All-Hallows, London-Wall


, the prisoner was sent into the Work-house by the Church-Wardens, he lay in another bed in the same garret I do. I came down stairs on Easter-Monday in the morning, I found the door open, the prisoner and my coat were gone, I saw him about a fortnight after before my Lord-mayor, he then had my coat on his back.


                  Mary 
                  Stains 
               



            . I left the prisoner in the kitchen, when I went to bed, on Easter-Sunday, at night; when I got up the next morning, he was gone, with the goods mentioned, and his own cloaths was left behind, he had my handkerchief in his bosom when we had him before my Lord-Mayor.


                  Esther 
                  Albaris 
               



            . I live in that Parish Workhouse: I was in bed on Easter-monday morning, between 2 and three o'clock; I heard a noise; I asked what was the matter? at last they came to the chamber door, and said, that 
               
                  Richard 
                  Welling 
               



             had robb'd the house of every thing that lay in his way, and was gone: I bid them get a candle ; they did; I went down, and there found the door open, the lock was not broke ; I missed 4 pair of sheets that had laid on the dresser in the kitchen, 2 great sauce pans, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Stains 
               



            's handkerchief.
Q. from the prisoner. How could I get out, when that witness had the key of the door?
E Albaris. The prisoner had let in the last person, and had left the door in such a manner (as we suppose) so as to let himself out as he thought proper: there was no mark of the lock being broke


                  Robert 
                  Hambleton 
               



            . The prisoner was advertised, and a guinea reward, and he was taken at Aldgate, about a fortnight or three Weeks ago: I was sent for; when I came there, I knew him, he had Saunderson's coat on his k, he was sent to prison with it on; the next morning he had changed coats with a prisoner, we searched the prison, and found it on another man's back.
Prisoner's defence.
The man that I brought the coat of works very hard for his living, and is not here. I wanted to ease myself when I was in prison, and could not find my own coat in the night, so I took another man's coat, and before I pull'd it off they came in and saw me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


