





226. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Mackey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eighty pounds weight of lead, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pearsey 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; fixed to a certain house
            , April 15
. +


                  Matthew 
                  Neesham 
               



            . Mr. Pearsey has a house in the Coal-yard, by Drury-lane


, it is an empty store-house, there was taken from the top of it part of a leaden gutter, which weighed about three quarters of a hundred; Mr. Pearsey sent for me, some lead being advertised, to go and see it, at 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Carnedy 
               



            's house, I went, and we brought it to the warehouse, and it fitted exactly.


                  Alexander 
                  Carnedy 
               



            . I am a constable; one of my watchmen stopped the prisoner at the bar with some lead, and brought him to me to the watch-house between eleven and twelve o'clock on the 15th of April at night; I asked the prisoner how he came by it? he said he bought it in St. Giles's of two labouring men that night. I carried him the next day to justice Fielding, the justice asked him how he could be guilty of such a thing? he answered, it was the first time he ever had been guilty, but said he did not steal it, but there was another man with him that did.


                  George 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I am a watchman; on the 15th of April at night I saw a man go along Drury-lane, with a bundle on his back, I went and stopped him, and asked him what he had got? he said, lead, which he had bought for half a crown of two labouring men in St. Giles's. I took him down to the constable of the night. (The lead produced in court).


                  Peter 
                  Grant 
               



            . I am a watchman; about half an hour after eleven at night, on the 15th of April, Roberts and I were standing together at the corner near Brounlow-street, Drury-lane, there came the prisoner with this lead on his shoulder, we stopped him, he flung the lead down, we took him and carried him to the watch-house.
Prisoner's defence.
When I had done work I went to a house where I commonly do to drink a pint of beer, coming home from thence I met with two fellows in St. Giles's, they had some lead upon a bulk, they said, Cockey, will you buy this piece of lead? I said, I don't know, let me look at it. I had about half a crown and two-pence in my pocket; I said, what do you ask for it? he said, three shillings; I said, I have no more than half a crown and two-pence, I'll give you half a crown; one of them said to the other, let him have it, so I bought it, and the watchmen stopped me. I am a tiresmith, and have worked with a great many masters, which, if they were here, would give me a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


