





348. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gordon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pint silver mug, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Grice 
                  




                
            , August 12
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Grice 
               



            . I keep the Four Swans Inn
, Bishopsgate-Street


. On the 12th of last month the prisoner came into my house about eight in the evening. He wanted a private room, a bed, and something for supper. I told him there were only two gentlemen and I in another room, he might come in there. He came, and had some wine. Then he wanted to join company with them. One of them did, and they spent three pence each. The others went and left him and I alone. I did not like him, he swore very much. I told my servant so. He had a silver mug, and I bid him keep an eye upon it. While I was standing opposite to the door, I saw him come towards the door twice. When I went into the room he was laying as though asleep on the table. I told him it was customary for people that had not a horse to pay for their liquor before they went to bed; which he did. I had not been gone five minutes before my man, call'd out stop thief. He brought him back with the mug in his hand.


                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am tapster at this inn. Master bid me watch the prisoner, fearing he should carry away the mug. I set the hostler to stand at the wicket, and I watched myself. I saw the prisoner peep out at the door two or three times. Seeing nobody there, he came out with the mug between his thighs, in order to conceal it; and walked down the yard beyond all our doors, close to the wall. I ran and took hold on his collar with one hand, and the mug with the other; and brought him back.
Prisoner's defence.
I happen'd to come to this house about nine o'clock, and call'd for half a pint of wine, in order to sleep all night (I came from Bristol.) The landlord said I might have a bed. Then I call'd for another half pint of wine, supper and beer; and when I wanted to go to bed I tap'd with my foot, but nobody came. Then I took the pot with me to drink when I was in bed; and going for them to shew me the way to my bed they stop'd me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


