





444. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Bloss 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one child's linen frock, three linen aprons, two child's caps, one linen shirt, and four guineas, the goods and money of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Barlow 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house 
            of the said Thomas, September 1
. *
Thomas Barlow. I live in Star Alley, Benchurch Street


. On the 10th of July having missed several things, I suspected the prisoner, and desired Susannah, Le'ban to search her box, she did, and found several things there, a shirt, a child's apron, caps, a linen frock, and such things. Produced in court and deposed to. The prisoner was recommended to me by one Morgan, who keeps an intelligence office in the Minories; on the 20th of August, and on the 22d I had a mohogany table drawer broke open with sixteen or seventeen guineas in it. After these several other things were found upon her. She confessed she had given the money to Mr. Morgan. We took her before Mr. Alderman Chitty, and there she confessed the taking the things mentioned in the indictment, this she did before three witnesses, and she went and fetched the thing with, which she wrenched open the table drawer, which was a tool I use, being a bookbinder, called a fillet. Produced in court.


                  Susannah 
                  Le 
               



            'ban. I was sent for to the prosecutor's house on the first of Sept. when I came there he told me he had been robbed, and mentioned the things missing. I said who do you suspect? the prosecutor's wife said her servant. The prisoner immediately fell on her knees, and owned she had broke the drawers, and said she should have the things again, but the money she had given away to Morgan, excepting one guinea, which she gave to a doctor that had partly cured her of the soul disease. She said, come to my box, she opened it, and flung my things about out of it, some under the bed, and some under the chairs, and said she hoped they would forgive her.
The prisoner had nothing to say in her defence.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


