





224. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Grace 
                     Hatt 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Collings 
                        



                      
                  , widow
; and one silver tea-spoon, value 9 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Skinner 
                  



                
            , Esq
; April 26
. +


                  Margaret 
                  Collings 
               



            . I live at Bromley by Bow


; one of my neighbours came and asked me if I had taken in a spoon to pawn? I said I never heard any thing of it. I went to look for mine, and found it was gone. Then he asked what sort of a spoon mine was? I told the letters that were upon it; then he shewed me the spoon, which was my property.
Q. When was this?
M. Collings. I don't know the day, it was about a fortnight ago.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
M. Collings. I know there was no body in my house that afternoon but the prisoner.


                  Catherine 
                  Evans 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Skinner 
               



            ; we missed the tea-spoon out of the house on the 14th of April, marked with the letter S.
Q. Where does Mr. Skinner live?
C. Evans. He lives at Bromley.
Q. Have you ever seen it again?
C. Evans. I have, in the hands of Mr. Wood.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
C. Evans. I know nothing of her taking it; she weeded three days in our garden, and after she was taken up, she owned she took it.


                  Charles 
                  Wood 
               



            . On Saturday the 26th of April, about five in the evening, the prisoner at the bar came into my shop, and offered this large silver spoon to sale, (producing one).
Q. What are you?
Wood. I am a watchmaker, and live at Stratford.
C. to M. Collings. Look at this spoon.
M. Collings. This is my property, here is H. for 
               
                  Humphry, M.


             for Mary, and C. for Collings on it.
Wood. The prisoner told me it was her own property; I told her she did not look like the person that owned it; then she fell a crying, and said it was a family spoon, and she did not want her friends to know she was going to sell it. My wife came in, and said that was the woman that sold the small tea-spoon the Wednesday before. I shewed it her, and asked her if she sold it my servant? She said she did. I asked her what mark was upon it? She said the letter C; but it proves to be an S. (producing it).
Q. to C. Evans. Do you know this Spoon?
C. Evans. It is my master's property.
Wood. I asked her the marks on the great spoon?
Then she drew this pewter plate from under her arm (producing one) and said the same as is upon this; but it proves to be the reverse. I asked her how she came by the plate? She said she had carried her husband some victuals in it, that works at the brewhouse at Bow. She said she lodged at Mrs. Collings's, and she had pawned this table-spoon there, and fetched it out again in order to sell it. I seeing the letter S. upon the little spoon, carried it to Mr. Skinner's, where it was owned. Then I went to Mrs. Collings, and asked her if 
               
                  Grace 
                  Hatt 
               



             had pawned a spoon to her? She said no. Then I asked her if she had lost a spoon? She looked about, and said she had, and told me the marks, the same as those on the spoon.


                  John 
                  Barber 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Wood. I bought the tea-spoon of the prisoner on Wednesday the 23d of April for 9d. and she came on the Saturday after with the other; my master called me to see her, and I knew her again.
Prisoner's defence.
As I was weeding Mr. Skinner's garden, I found the tea-spoon upon a dunghill; and as I was coming from the Seven-stars, I met a man; he asked me if there was a silversmith thereabouts? He shewed me the great spoon, and said he wanted to sell it. I told him I had found a little one the other day, and sold it; so he desired I would take and carry that, and sell it there, which I did, and they stopt me; he was to stay at an alehouse till I came back.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


