






361. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linen gown, val. 2 s. one check apron, val. 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clare 
                  



                
            , June 20

.
+ 

               Acquitted
            .
(M.) He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing 2 brass candlesticks, val. 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hickson 
                  



                
            , June 20

. +


                  Ann 
                  Hickson 
               



            . My husband's name is John, we keep the Golden Lion at Hide-park corner



. On the 20th of June the prisoner came into our house and called for a pint of cyder, he was then in the tap-house, I went down into the cellar, he went into the kitchen and complained he was cold. I had another customer came and called for a pint of bear, I went and drew it. I know my candlesticks were standing on the mantlepiece when he went into the kitchen. When he was gone I missed my candlesticks. After this a market woman who uses my house was telling me that Mr. Clare, at the Coach and Horses in the King's road, had been robbed of a gown and apron, and that the man upon being searched had a pair of brass candlesticks found upon him. She described the man, I went to the constable's house where she directed me, and saw both the prisoner, whom I knew again, and cry candlesticks. Produced in court and deposed to.


                  Thomas 
                  Humphrys 
               



            . I am constable belonging to St. Margaret's parish. When the prisoner was taken up about stealing the gown and apron they sent for me; I was there told he had a pair of brass candlesticks in his pocket; I saw them taken out, they were given me in charge, and this woman came and owned them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never was in that woman's house in my life, I bought the candlesticks of an old clothes man for 24 d. over a pint of beer near Hide-park corner.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


