





331. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Tobias 
                           Pilgrim 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , June 2
. ++.

                  Tobias 
                  Pilgrim 
               



            . Coming out from the chamberlain's office on the second of June, between one and two o'clock, 
               
                  James 
                  Mills 
               



             came after me and asked me, if I had not lost my handkerchief. I felt in my pocket and missed it; then I said I had, and it was a red and white one. I went back and saw the handkerchief in his hand as the people had hold of him, (produced in court and deposed to) marked T. P.
James Mills. I happened to go into the chamberlain's office between one and two on the second of June; coming out again the prisoner was between Mr. Pilgrim and I; I, being behind, saw him run his hand into Mr. Pilgrim's pocket and take out his handkerchief. When I detected him he threw it down on the ground. The prisoner wanted to run away. Mr. Pilgrim came back and owned it, I had it in my hand when he came back. He insisted that the prisoner had taken it, but he denied it. I believe I laid it upon his hand.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was going home I saw several people going into Guildhall, so I went, thinking to pass a quarter of an hour there. They were making free several young men. The office was ordered to be cleared ; a great number went out together ; going down stairs there lay a red handkerchief, and I was going to pick it up, but a man said, it is none of your's, and I said, it is none of your's; he then said, I suppose you picked somebody's pocket of it. A gentleman came out and said, you ought to carry him to the alderman, because a gentleman has lost several bank notes in a pocket book. Then this gentleman said he had lost his handkerchief ; so they took me before alderman Chitty, and he asked the man whether he was a housekeeper, and he said he lived in Bear-and-Ragged-staff-yard Whitechapel. I sent a person there, who said no such person lived in that place.
For the Prisoner.


                  Hannah 
                  Morris 
               



            . I live in Gravel-lane, and deal in Rag-Fair. I don't know what the prisoner is charged with any more than you do. I went to get this witness's character in Whitechapel. He has no character.
Q. How did you inquire for him?


                  Hannah 
                  Morris 
               



            . I don't know.
Q. Did you inquire for one of such a name?
H. Morris. I don't know his name, I did not inquire for him by his name, he said he was a cooper.




               Guilty 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


