






309, 310. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Tiffin 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Read 
                  



                
             were indicted; the first for 


               ripping, stealing, and carrying away 17 lb. wt. of lead, val. 3 s. fixed to a dwelling-house
             belonging to 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hardbottle 
                  



                
            , April the 2d

. And the other for 


               receiving it knowing it to have been stolen
            .*
George Hardbottle. My house is in Bell-Lane in the parish of Christ-Church



: On the 2d of April I lost a piece of leaden pipe and brass cock out of my back-yard, it belongs to a water-pipe, it was fixed to the wall; there were five foot of it above ground: the prisoner was taken up the 14th of April, and carried before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            , he there made his confession, that he stole the piece of pipe and cock and sold them to the other prisoner ; when I took the woman up, she owned she had bought it of him, and that she had sold the lead amongst some other, but she denied having the brass cock.
Q. What is she?
Hardbottle. She is a broker
.


                  Daniel 
                  Detoit 
               



            . I was along with both the prisoners before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Gower 
               



            : Tiffin owned stealing the pipe and selling it to the woman at the bar, and that there was a cock to it: Sir Samuel granted a Search Warrant; we went and searched the woman's-house, but could find nothing; then we took the woman before Sir Samuel, she owned she bought the lead of Tiffin, but said, there was no brass cock to it.

Q. Did you know the woman before ?
Detoit. No, I never saw her to my knowledge.
Tiffin's defence.
I know nothing of the matter.
Read's defence.
Upon my word and honour I bought nothing of the man.
Q. to Detoit. Are you certain the woman own'd she bought the lead?
Detoit. She did own it, my Lord.
Hardbottle being asked again, confirmed the above.
For Read.


                  Thomas 
                  Cane 
               



            . I have known 
               
                  Jane 
                  Read 
               



             some years, she deals in the brokery way; I never heard a bad character of her in my life, before this time.


                  William 
                  Hughes 
               



            . I have known her three years, she comes sometimes to my house to drink a pint of beer. I never heard a bad character of her.


                  Nicholas 
                  Gray 
               



            . I have known her 5 or 6 years, I have bought and sold goods of and to her, I ne- heard any harm of her.
Eliz. Banian. I have known her sixteen years, and have dealt with her or many pounds, I never knew any dishonesty by her.


                  Jane 
                  Marlow 
               



            . I have lived with, and worked for her fourteen years, I never knew ill of her in my life.
Tiffin, 

               Guilty
            .
Read, 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


