





641. 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hodgson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing nine pair of worsted hose, value 18 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Finch 
                  




                
            , October 3
.


                  Francis 
                  Eedes 
               



            . On the 3d instant the prisoner came to my house, the Three Tuns-Tavern and publick-house without Bishopsgate


, he called for a pint of beer, staid about twenty minutes, and asked for change; I gave it him, and he went away. He had sat in a box where lay some stockings; the man who owned them was on the other side the kitchen eating some bread and butter. He had not been gone above the space of a minute before the old man, upwards of 70, went to see for his stockings and they were gone, the handkerchief was found at the door which lay upon the stockings; I then considered the prisoner had told me a house where he used in Leadenhall-street, so I went to enquire for him, and at the third house I went to the prisoner came in; I took and searched him, and eight pair were taken out of his pocket; I got assistance and took him to my house; the old man (
               
                  Richard 
                  Finch 
               



            ) swore to the stockings, but he is I believe on his death-bed, so could not come.
Q. Did the prisoner confess they were Finch's stockings?
Eedes. Yes, my lord, he did, and hoped he'd be so good as to forgive him, saying, it was the first fact, and said he would return the goods, or any thing in the world.


                  Francis 
                  Medcalf 
               



            . Mr. Eedes was going to look for this man, he found him, and desired I would search him, I took eight pair of stockings out of his pocket; he owned to the taking them; he begged the old man would not prosecute him, and he would return the stockings again.


                  Thomas 
                  Lonondine 
               



            . I am constable. Mr. Eedes asked me to take charge of the prisoner, saying, he had robbed an old man of some stockings; I searched him after they had found eight pair, and found one pair more in his pocket; I searched him in Mr. Eedes's house; he acknowledged the taking them, and that he would return them again.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


