





228. (L.) 
               
                  Eleanor, wife
 of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Williams 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing nine pounds weight of beef, value 3 s. and ten pounds weight of mutton, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Twells 
                  




                
            , March 15
. ++


                  John 
                  Twells 
               



            . I am a hosier
 in Wood-street


: on the 15th of last month, in the morning, I bought the meat mentioned in the indictment; it was brought home and put into the safe, about one o'clock, and about half an hour after it was gone. My opposite neighbour called, and said a woman had stole my meat; he went after her, and brought her and the meat back; it was the prisoner at the bar: she owned it was the first fact.


                  John 
                  Ingram 
               



            . I live opposite the prosecutor: I was standing at my door, and saw the prisoner come out of his house, with the meat in her lap: I went and asked if they had sent any meat out; I was answered no, they had not: I went after the prisoner, and took her in a little street going into Foster-lane, and brought her back with it; it was a leg of mutton and a rump of beef.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was not three weeks come from Liverpool, when this happened: I had not had any kind of victuals, except a bit of bread, for upwards of nine days: I had a father and mother here, but could not find them out; the people that advised me to this live on Saltpeter-bank.
She called 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Matocks 
               



            , 
               
                  Mary 
                  Rowland 
               



            , and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Worth 
               



            , who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
