





200. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Heley 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 3 s. a cotton gown, value 8 s. a stuff gown, value 6 s. a stuff petticoat, value 3 s. a linen petticoat, a pair of stays, and a sattin hat
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Taffe 
                  




               
            , Jan. 18
. ++


                  Christopher 
                  Taffe 
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Red-cross-street, Nightingale-lane


; the prisoner lodged in my house; on the 18th of January last we dined at a public-house, my wife went to carry the plate home; she returned and said the house was broke open; I ran and made enquiry about, and Mrs. Pain told me she saw a person come out of my house, and described her so, that I looked upon it to be the prisoner. On the Friday night following my wife brought her into the same house we dined in; she was taken to the watch-house, there she confessed to me and the watchman, that she sold two gowns and two petticoat in the Minories to an old clothes-man, and had pawned another gown for 6 s. somewhere by Moorfields, and a pair of stays for 18 d.
Q. Did you get any of your things again?
Taffe. No, we found nothing but the cuffs of one gown; she would not tell where the pawnbroker lived.


                  Catherine 
                  Taffe 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; the prisoner lodged a week in our house in a one pair of stairs room, her husband belongs to an Indiaman; I heard her say before this, the first money she could get she would follow the ship to Portsmouth; she came into the public-house while we were at dinner, and went out again; I went home after that, and with difficulty I got the key into the hole of my room door, which is on the ground floor; at last I found the door only upon the latch; then I missed all the things mentioned in the indictment; I went and told my husband; Mrs. Pain told me she saw a person, describing the prisoner, with a bundle, as much as she could carry, come out at my door, and go towards the Butcher-row; I pursued, but could not find her; I got in a carriage and went to Portsmouth, she was not there; on the Friday following I met her by accident, within twenty yards of my own house; I took hold of her, and told her for what I held her; she begged I would let her go; I took her into a public-house, and saw there in her hand part of the cuffs of one of my gowns (produced in court, and deposed to;) she was carried to the watch-house; in the morning she sent for me, and there owned the fact; she cried, and said she was drunk when she did it; she said one of the gowns she had pawned in Moorfields for 6 s. and the stays for 18 d. but could not tell the pawnbroker's name; some she said she sold in the Minories; I have got no more than the cuffs again.
Q. Did you ever enquire about Moorfielsd?
C. Taffe. No, I never did.


                  Mary 
                  Pain 
               



            . I live in East-Smithfield, in Red-cross-street; I never saw the prisoner to my knowledge before that day; I saw her go out of the prosecutor's house with the things, a very large bundle.
Q. Do you live near the prosecutor?
M. Pain. I live right facing the door; I saw her the week after at the Justice's, and am sure the prisoner is the woman.


                  George 
                  Cox 
               



             and John Taylor, two watchmen, deposed to that of her confession in the watch-house.
Prisoner's defence.
These people, my prosecutors, keep a disorderly house in East-Smithfield; she drawed me away from my mother, a green grocer; she lives now in New Rag-fair; what money I got from men, this woman made me give to her; when I threatened to go from her she said she would lay me rotting in a goal; I never had a husband in my life, I was backwards and forwards at her house three quarters of a year; she and her husband get their living by unfortunate girls, and when they are for going away from them they threaten to put them in goal.
Q. to Pain. What is the prosecutor?
Pain. He is a baker, he rents a house of my husband.
Q. Does he carry on baking?
Pain. No, he does not.
Q. How do they get their living?
Pain. I never heard any cabal in the house.
Q. Do they keep a reputable house?
Pain. I never hear no noise, they always pay me honestly, and I have no business no farther.
Q. to C. Taffe. How long have you known the prisoner?
C. Taffe. I have known her about two years.
Q. You say she lodged a week in your house, did she lodge with you no longer?
C. Taffe. I once lett a room to her and a young fellow, but that was not in the house we live in; I know nothing of any one that belongs to her; when I first knew her, she lived in a yard where my house was, in Hog-alley.
Q. You say she has a husband, what was he?
C. Taffe. He was a picture frame maker.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
