






262, 263. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Haines 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Braine 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 390 pounds weight of tobacco, value 18 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Clay 
                  




                
            , February 4
. *


                  Ralph 
                  Clay 
               



            . In the night between the 3d and 4th of February, I was robbed of about 300 and a half weight of tobacco; it was taken out of a hogshead; I never heard either of the prisoners confess any thing.


                  John 
                  Smither 
               



            . I was concerned with the 2 prisoners at the bar, in robbing this gentleman's yard; it was in the night; I cannot tell the exact time. I and Braine were on the outside of the gate, and Haines got within side, and he put us about 300 weight of tobacco under the gates. We carried it to Rosemary-lane in bags, and sold it to a tobacconist, named Cosgrove. I was taken up first, in Houndsditch, as I was going to Haines's house, for stealing a quantity of linen; and I made a discovery of this. As soon as I got into Clerkenwell-bridewell, I sent for Mr. Clay and told him of it.
Q. Where did you and the prisoners meet at that time?
Smither. We met at the Hamburgh-arms in East Smithfield, near Tower-hill, the night before we took the tobacco.
Q. What are you?
Smither. I am a carman; so are the 2 prisoners.


                  Joseph 
                  Bareave 
               



            . I had a warrant from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             to take up the evidence, Smither, for stealing a quantity of linen. He said before Sir John he did steal it: then he confessed this, and was admitted an evidence. I took Cosgrove up, and kept him 4 days in prison; we could make nothing of him, but a great deal of Irish language; he was discharged; he is now out of the way; I have a warrant now from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             to take him up again.
Haines's defence.
I know nothing at all about the affair.
Braine's defence.
I know nothing of what the young man says.
For the prisoners.


                  William 
                  Wood 
               



            . I keep the Red Lion and Star in Petticoat-lane; I have known Haines 3 years; I never heard any thing amiss of him.
Q. Have you ever seen him in company with Smither?
Wood. I have seen him come to drink a pint of beer with Haines.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known Haines 10 or 12 years, he has a very honest character.
Q. Did you ever see him in company with Smither?
Smith. No, I never did.


                  Mary 
                  Lee 
               



            . I keep the Three Compasses in White's-yard; I have known them all three by their using my house drinking together.
Q. What three?


                  M 
                  Lee 
               



            . The two prisoners and Smither. I have known Haines four or five years, and Braine fourteen or fifteen, I never knew any harm of them.


                  John 
                  Bond 
               



            . I know them all three, the two prisoners and Smither, I never heard any thing amiss of either of them.
Q. Do you think Smither is as honest as either of the two prisoners are?
Bond. I cannot tell; I have seen them up and down together in business.
Q. What are you?
Bond. I am a carman.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
There was another indictment against them.
