





496. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one gold laced hat, value 10 s. and two linnen sheets
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Fuller 
                  




                
            , July 25
. ||


                  Thomas 
                  West 
               



            . I have been a soldier, but am lately discharged. I lodge at 
               
                  Richard 
                  Fuller 
               



            's house, the prisoner came to tell me he had seen my friends, I was glad to hear of them, having not heard from them a great while, I asked leave whether he might lie with me two nights, he said he had eleven guineas to receive, Mr. Fuller gave liberty for his lying with me, he sent me in the morning to the Saracen's Head, which would be there for him, I asked him his name, he said, no matter for the name, it was to be left while called for; when I came to the inn, there was no such box, when I came back, he was got up and gone out, after that I missed the sheets off the bed; then Mr. Fuller went up and found his gold laced hat was missing. He pretended he had no acquaintance in London, but since I have taken him up, I find he has two people acquainted with him; he said there were 14 or 15 guineas in the parcel; he would lend me money to carry me down to my friends.
Q. Have any of the things been found again?
West. No, only the hat cut to pieces and the lace gone.
Q. When was he taken up?
West. He was taken up about eight weeks afterwards that was done, the 25th of July; when he was charged with the thing, he said he would give me half a guinea to let him go, and he would never do the like again; this he said before the constable; he said he had sold the things in Cheapside, but did not say to whom.



                  George 
                  Turner 
               



            . I am an officer, I had the prisoner in charge, and brought him before the bench of Justices, I asked him to let the young man know where the things were; he confessed to me he cut the lace from the hat, and sold it in Cheapside, for I think 6 s. and he sold the sheets to some Jew. He confessed before the Bridewell keeper that he was guilty of the fact.


                  Sarah 
                  Biram 
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Fuller, the prisoner came in on the Monday night, and asked if I knew 
               
                  Thomas 
                  West 
               



            , a soldier; I told him he lodged there; he called for a pint of beer, and said he must see him, because his friends desired he would see him; when West came in he told him a great deal about his friends; West sent for some supper for him, he said he was quite friendless, and had no acquaintance in London, so he lay with West two nights; the next morning he sent West out, saying he came up to take a parcel of money, 14 or 15 guineas, and he would provide a supper, he said he came from Bury St. Edmonds; when the lad came back, and said there was no such parcel as he had sent him for, he went up stairs and came down again and said the man was gone, and had taken the sheets with him; we found my master's hat with the gold lace cut off, and part of the hat with it. (Producing it.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not know what I said when I was taken up.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
