





5. (M.) 
               
                  Arnold 
                  Hall 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of iron blocks with brass pulleys, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Philips 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Geo 
                     Shakespear 
                  



               
            , Nov. 2
. *
John Hall. Mr. Philips and Mr. Shakespear are builders

 and partners

; I am servant to them; the prisoner was employed by Mr. Miller, a bricklayer; we were at work at Lord Hertford's in Grosvenor-street


; I delivered two blocks out for the use of the work there; they were in use there two months before they were taken away. On the 3d of November I was informed they were stopped in St. Giles's; I went to the round-house, there I saw the prisoner and the blocks, (produced in court;) I know them to be the property of the prosecutors; I have had them under my care ten years.


                  Thomas 
                  Pickering 
               



            . I am a broker; the prisoner brought one of these blocks to me about seven at night, on the 2d of November; he asked 5 s. for it; then he said I should have the iron at 2 d. a pound, and the brass at 6 d. I took and put them down in my back parlour, and went out at the back door and got a constable, and came in again, and told the prisoner I had a suspicion that it was stolen, and gave the constable charge of him; in going to the round-house, he attempted to get away; when he was in the round-house, I asked him where the fellow block was; he said he would tell me if I would not hurt him; I said, I could not promise him that; then he said he had thrown it away in Broad St. Giles's; we went there with a light and found it; I asked him where he had them; he immediately said he stole them from Lord Hertford's, and that they were Mr. Philips's property.


                  Thomas 
                  Dance 
               



            . The blocks were in my possession to do Lord Hertford's business; we used to put it in the hay lost on nights; I had seen them on the 2d of November, the very day they were missing. When the prisoner was charged with taking them, he cried, and said he was sorry he had done it.
Prisoner's defence.
I found them.
He called 
               
                  James 
                  Hamockson 
               



             who had known him two years, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Talbot 
               



             four, 
               
                  John 
                  Lascow 
               



             one, and James Hall two, who gave him a good character exclusive of this.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
