






307, 308. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rainfrow 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Doyle 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing two hundred pounds weight of lead fixed to a building
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Howell 
                  




                
            , April 3
. +


                  Philip 
                  Howell 
               



            . The buildings are mine; I had lost lead, I set a watch on Sunday se'nnight; I saw Rainfrow come down the area wall, which is ten feet high; I laid hold of him; he got away, and ran up North Audley-street; the mob seemed to take his part, but we took him in Mount-street, and carried him to the watch-house; when we came back, some of them said they saw the other prisoner in the inside of a room; I saw him come out of the cock-lost by a ladder, and then down stairs; he appeared to be drunk.


                  Thomas 
                  Proudlove 
               



            . I was set as a watch; I saw the two prisoners doubling up lead; I called up several times, but had no answer; at last one did call to us; when we went up they were gone; I went and laid hold of one of them in South Audley-street, we took him to the watch-house; I am sure he was one I saw doubling up the lead; when we came back again we saw the other prisoner, he pretended to be very drunk, lying all along upon some lead that was doubled up, but after some time he appeared to be sober.


                  Samuel 
                  Gibson 
               



            , who was at the taking both the prisoners, confirmed the account that had been given.
Rainfrow's defence.
I was taken hold of by one of the men, when I was going for some plantains for my sore legs.
Doyle's defence.
I was in liquor, and I went in to hide myself as I always do, to keep out of danger.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
