





152. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clark 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two guns, value 20 s. eleven cheque window curtains, value 11 s. one linen sheet, one hanger, one picture, called an altar piece, and one pair of iron cheeks to a grate
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Sing 
                  




                
            , October 21
.
Richard Sing. On the 21st of October my summer-house was broke open, and all the things mention'd in the indictment were taken away. We had reason to suspect the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Where is your garden?
Sing. It is at Hoxton


.
Q. What are you?
Sing. I am an upholsterer
.
Q. On what account did you suspect the prisoner?
Sing. He having committed several things of the like nature. After that I was going by a broker's shop in Fleet Market, where I saw some of my goods I asked the broker who he bought them of, and he described the prisoner at the bar. Then I got a search warrant, and in the prisoner's house I found on e china cup, which I believe to be mine, they matching to the saucers which I have by me.
Q. What did you find at the broker's?
Sing. I found the picture and the cheeks to my grate; the picture has my name on it. (The picture and cheeks produced in court, and deposed to.) I never found the rest of the things.
Q. Was you with the prisoner at Mr. Fielding's?
Sing. I was. He said the same as now, that is, he knew nothing at all of the matter. I asked his wife how she came by the cup.
Q. Was he by at the time?
Sing. He was in the same room. She said she bought it of a woman at the door. My wife asked her soon after where she had it. She said to her, she brought it out of the country.


                  William 
                  Wills 
               



            . I am a broker, and live by Fleet Ditch. I bought these goods I believe of the prisoner at the bar, whom I described to Mr. Sing, and he said he suspected such a fellow. We got a warrant, and took him up. After we had got him, he said, Gentlemen, I hope you will give me a little air, and immediately jump'd out at a back window, and went to make his escape, but the constable and I took and secured him.
Prisoner. I thought the officers were going to press me, which made me want to get away.


                  James 
                  Bush 
               



            . The prosecutor came and told me he had lost some of his goods, and desired I would go along with him to the broker, who, he said, had described the person he bought them of, and it was one that had done some petty robberies in our neighbourhood. I went with him. We got a search warrant, and found this cup in the prisoner's house. I advised the prisoner to confess where he sold the rest of the things. We had got him upstairs. He gave a jump down, and got from us, then jumped over one pannel of pales, and upon his going over another, we catch'd him by the leg.
Mr. Williams. I am a constable, and took the prisoner as he was at dinner. He said to me, Let me have a little air. I would not let him go. He jumped down and ran, and I ran round to meet him. He got over a fence I believe six feet high, with tenter hooks in it. As he was going over another I catch'd him by the leg, and with assistance we did secure him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have got a witness here to prove how I get my living. I hope the honourable court will be merciful to me.
To his Character.


                  William 
                  Low 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about six months.

Q. How do you get your living?
Low. I am a glover.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Low. He is a carpenter
 as far as I know, he professes so.
Q. Did you ever see him at work?
Low. No; he has work'd under my son.
Q. What is your son?
Low. He is a hog butcher.
Q. What is your opinion of the prisoner?
Low. I know he is a very mild peaceable man, and behaved himself very well.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


