





305 (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wisely 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing five guineas, two half guineas, and one shilling give money numbered; the money of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Solloway 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Wisely
            , September 29
.~


                  James 
                  Solloway 
               



            . I live in the parish of Bethnal-green, at a place called Paradise-row. I came to town on the 29th of September, to take a lease of my house. When I returned, I called at a cheesemonger's that I trade with in Rosemary-lane, and then called upon a tallow-chandler, and ordered some candles; as I knew the prisoner, and was a-dry, I went into his house, I called for a pint of beer.
Q. Was you acquainted with the prisoner?
Solloway. No, I never had any conversation with him.
Q. How long have you known him?
Solloway. I believe I have known him three years.
Q. Where does he live?
Solloway. He lives at the king George the 3d, it formerly was the prince of Wales's head


. He came to me, and said, how do you do, my worthy sir? I said, how does your wife? He said, she is at hell by this time I hope. He said, these poor times, I have to better beer than two-penny. I said, daw me a pint of two-penny. Then he said, why should we drink beer when we can get better liquor. Then I called for six-penny worth of rum and water, he took hold of my coat, and made me go into a little room, and water was brought there to us. We drank twice each, then I throw'd down six pence, and came out of the room. Then the prisoner pulled me back again, and said, you shall have my six-penny-worth. I said, I did not desire that; he ordered six-pennyworth, and intreated me to sit down with him in the little room again. I said, I had rather stand, for while standing, I am going. He pushed me into the room, and ordered his bar-keeper to make six-penny worth of rum and water. He came in and shut the door, and then went out again, and came in about a minute with the liquor, and drank to me, and said, here is at you; then he went out again, and brought in a pack of cards, and asked me if I would sport, I said I never play at cards, I never play'd a game at cards in my life. I got up and was for going, and the gentlewoman charged me with the reckoning. As she stood at the bar, I said, this was Mr. Wisely's; but as she insisted upon it, I pull'd out some silver, and flung it down upon the rable, and he took it up. I said, do you think I want to be treated by you; I pulled out six guineas, and a shilling.
Q. In what pieces?
Solloway. It was five guineas, and two half guineas, and a shilling. I said, do you think I look like a person that would sconce your house. The prisoner laid hold of my wrist, and took it out of my hand, and said, I know what to do with money better than you do, call upon me to-morrow. Said I, what do you mean by that? he goes to the woman at the bar, and asked her for some halfpence, and then came and laid down five halfpence, and said, there is all the money I have of yours. Then he went and had some dispute with a man; the man went out of the house, and the prisoner followed him in at Ingram's. I went after him, there he asked me to drink, and went up to the bar. I said, I would not drink with such a scoundrel as he was; there was the man that he followed in. I told the prisoner, he had better give me my money. He said, by the heavens, I wish it was 50 l. When Mr. Ingram found what money he had got of mine, he said, he would not give me five farthings for it. I called for a shilling's worth of rum and water, and said, if you do not give me my money, you shall hear from me by an attorney, before this time to-morrow. I held the candle to him, and said, tell me if you have got my money. He turned his face aside, and said, if I jaw'd him any more, he would run his fist in my face. Then I went down to the watch-house, and the officer came with assistance, and took him to the Tower-jail; they would not admit him there, because we had not a mittimus from a justice. The prisoner had there, I believe, four bottle, of wine, but I did not drink with him. Then they brought him to the Watch-houses there he said till about three o'clock. Then he got up a quart pot, and laid hold of the door, and said to the watchman, I will cleave you down, if you do not let me go, and went away directly. The next morning, we found him in his own house.
Q. Was he drunk or sober?
Solloway. He was not in liquor as I know of, I did not perceive it.
Q. What did you mean by that expression, of hearing from you by an attorney?
Solloway. Because I thought he was a resolute sort of a man.
Q. Did you think he took it with a view to steal it?
Solloway. He could not take it with any other view.
Q. How many people were there in the house, when he took the money?
Solloway. I cannot say justly, I saw a woman with a candle and lanthorn, and another man, and the woman in the bar, and a man that I offered the remains of the liquor to, of the first six pennyworth.
Q. Was you ever in company with the prisoner before?
Solloway. No, never.
Q. How came you to go in there?
Solloway. Because I was thirsty.
Q. Did you ever get your money again?
Solloway. No, I never had it again.
Q. Who did you carry the prisoner before?
Solloway. I carried him before justice Pell, there I charged him with taking my money, and told him much the same I have now.
Q. What did he say when taken up?
Solloway. He said, he had not taken the money; but after the warrant was served upon him, he came readily to me, and said, why should we fall out.
Cross Examination.
Q. Had you a woman with you, when you went went into this house?
Solloway. No, I had not.
Q. How many persons were there in the house?

Solloway. There were four; two men, and two women.
Q. Was there a man in a pig-tail wig?
Solloway. There was.
Q. Was the prisoner searched?
Solloway. No, he was not.
Q. What was the whole you lost?
Solloway. All I lost was five guineas, two half guineas, and one shilling.
Q. What did you say you had lost at Ingram's?
Solloway. I said I had lost six guineas and a shilling.
Q. Did not you say you had lost your watch?
Solloway. I put my watch into my waistcoat pocket, and afterwards said, I believed I had lost my watch as well as money. But immediately I put my hand in my pocket, and found it; and said, I had not lost it.
Q. Where did you find the prisoner the next morning?
Solloway. I found him at his own house?
Q. Who was the man the prisoner had the quarrel with?
Solloway. It was one Merideth.


                  Thomas 
                  Merideth 
               



            . At that time I lived at Ratcliff-highway, but do not live there now.
Q. At what time?
Merideth. The 29th of September, I was at the prisoner's house that day, in the evening, about eight o'clock; I went in, being very dry, and called for a pint of beer.
Q. Did you see the prosecutor when you first went in?
Merideth. I did not; but I did before I went away.
Q. Give an account of what you saw pass between him and the prisoner at the bar?
Merideth. They told me they had nothing but two-penny; then I said, let me have a pint of two-penny. I took out two-pence to pay for it, being in a hurry to go home; I believe it was only small beer instead of two-penny. I stood with my back towards the fire-place, and never sat down, the prisoner was sitting; in came the prosecutor, with a stick in his hand, all alone, he called for a pint of beer; the prisoner reply'd, we draw no beer now, nothing but two-penny. He said, well, let's have a pint of two-penny. The prisoner took a pint in his hand, and turned about to the table, and said, my worthy, why should not men chear their spirits these poor times, let us have better liquor, rum or punch; let's have six pennyworth of rum and water; the gentleman said, make six pennyworth. He took the gentleman by his left arm, and drew him into his little room, and then he turned to the bar, and the punch was made in a minute's time, he carried it in to the gentleman. I staid with my beer in my hand, and concerned myself with no-body. The prosecutor got up, and said, he was to be at home by seven o'clock, He came out, and offered the punch to me, I said, I had a pint of beer in my hand already, I had rather be without. He said, it would do me no hurt. I received it out of his hand, and put the pint of beer down on the end of the table. Then I saw the woman come out of the bar, and take my beer, and put it on a high shelf upon the bar. The prisoner took the bowl from me, and said, he would be six pennyworth with the gentleman, and desired him to walk into the little room again, (I thought it was not right to take my beer away, but I dare not ask for it.) They sat down again, and then he fetched the rum and water in, and shut the door, and shut the gentleman in, and took me by the neck and shoulders, and turned me out of the house neck and heels; he beat me, and used me very ill, and fastened me out. I got and looked thro' the window, and saw the prisoner go to the bar, and put his hand over it, and I thought he took a book. I heard something rattle in his hand. He had torn my coat, and I was in a trembling sort of a way. I was looking through the window, at the first box going in at the drinking-room.
Q. Did you see the prosecutor come out of the little room?
Merideth. I did.
Q. What did he do?
Merideth. He bid the prisoner good night, the prisoner took hold of his hand, and came as far as the street-door. The prosecutor had the door four or five times in his hand, and the prisoner would not let him go out; the woman at the bar said something about the reckoning, then he turned the prosecutor round, and made him sit down in a box very near me. I heard the prosecutor say, you do not apprehend I appear like a person that would go without paying my reckoning. I saw him put his hand into his right-hand pocket, and take out some gold, and throw'd it down, and said, here is four or five guineas, and, to the best of my knowledge, I saw something white, I saw five golden guineas, and two small pieces like half guineas; the one white piece looked bigger rather than a half guinea. I saw him take it all up again, and gripe it fast in his hand, and then take some silver out with the other hand, and spread it on the table.
Q. How much silver?
Merideth. About seven or eight shillings; as he was taking up his silver, the prisoner took hold of his wrist, and said, you make a mistake, in saying there was so much, and put his h ands into the prosecutor's fingers, and said, let me count it, and see whether there is so much or not. He took it out, and said, I know better what to do with the money than you do; call upon me to-morrow, and I will tell you what to do about it. I held by the place where the shutters, goes in, and recovered myself, I thought this was a misdemeanor. I went in again, and asked him if he would oblige me with a pint more of drink.
Q. Did you see what the prisoner did with the money?
Merideth. I saw him put it into his right-hand waistcoat pocket, he was dressed in white cloaths trimmed with silver, coat and waistcoat. The prosecutor asked him for his money several times, and he would not give it to him. After that, I saw he was used ill; he talked some odd outlandish talk, I could not understand it. He said to the woman at the bar, give me three pennyworth of half-pence. This was when the prosecutor was asking him for his money again. The prisoner said, here are all the guineas I have got, and told down two-pence halfpenny. As he put it down, he said, here is one, two, three, four, five. Then directly he got up, and said to me, you rascal, get out of the house, and beat me all the way from there into Ingram's house, and tore my coat and waistcoat again.
Q. How far is the prisoner's house from Ingram's?
Merideth. It is the very next house, only the passage between that goes to Wellclose-square. After he had beat me from the door; I saw him returning; then I run in at Ingram's, then he followed me, and beat me all the way.
Q. How long was he in beating you?
Merideth. I do not think it was above a minute and a half, he came into Ingram's house, and beat me against the fire-place, and called me scoundrel and villain. The prosecutor followed him in directly. The prisoner called for a three halfpenny glass of rum, and asked the prosecutor to drink with him; the prosecutor said, how could you use me so, and then to ask me to drink with you? I said you had better give the gentleman the five guineas, and two half guineas, you robbed him of. After the first time you turned me out of the house, I saw you rob him, but never saw you give it him again, I will take a safe oath of it  I heard the prisoner tell the prosecutor, he wished it was 50 or 60 guineas, instead of six guineas. He called for a shilling' worth of punch, but the prosecutor would not drink with him. Then the prosecutor said, let me have a shilling's worth of punch, I will not drink with him, I will drink by myself, or with you. After he had paid for the punch, he went out, and told the prisoner he should hear from him between that time and Saturday. Then he went out, then the prisoner had the impudence attack me, and said, I had the man's six guineas. I pulled my cloaths off before Mr. Ingram, and got them on again, and went out to see if I could see the prosecutor again, but I could not find him for three or four hours. I was going home, and before I came to the watch house, I made an outcry, and asked the watch, if they had seen the gentleman that had been used ill; they asked me who it was; I said, it was a person that I had seen ill used. There I found the prosecutor in the watch house, this was in the morning: the prisoner was then got away. The prosecutor said, it was an unaccountable thing the watchmen did not take care of him, when they had him in their custody.
Q. Where did you spend all that time, after you went from Ingram's?
Merideth. I went up and down to see if I could find the prosecutor.
Q. Was you before the justice the next morning?
Merideth. I was, I went with the prosecutor, and lay with him at an acquaintance of his.
Q. What time did you get up?
Merideth. I got up I believe between six and and seven o'clock.
Q. Where did you go after you got up?
Merideth. I went with the prosecutor to justice Pell's, immediately after we got up, and Mr. earch went with us; there was a warrant granted, and we went to the prisoner's house, and took him; I had been there before that morninig
Q. How long before you went with the warrant, and took him up?

Merideth. I believe it was about half an hour before.
Q. Who went with you?
Merideth. The prosecutor and the constable, we watched at the door a while. The constable went in, and brought him out, and we took him before the justice.
Cross Examination.
Q. Where did you stand at the time you saw the prisoner take the prosecutor's money from him?
Merideth. At the sash-window, just without-side the door.
Q. Was the shutter shut or open?
Merideth. It was not shut.
Q. How much company was in the room at the time?
Merideth. I saw them all go out, there was no body then but the prosecutor, the prisoner, and the woman at the bar; there was a man and woman went out backwards before.
Q. Did you observe any body else in the room?
Merideth. I did not.
Q. What day was this?
Merideth. This was on Michaelmas day.
Q. Could you see plainly?
Merideth. There were candles in the room, one was at the table where the money was taken from, and another at the bar.
Q. Which way did the window face, that you looked in at?
Merideth. It faced the street.
Q. And did you see the prisoner take the money away?
Merideth. I did, he took it away by force.
Q. Did the prosecutor spread the silver before, or after the gold was taken away?
Merideth. He did before; he no sooner spread the silver, but the prisoner had hold of the gold in the other hand.
Q. How came it the prosecutor did not cry out murder?
Merideth. I did not hear him cry out murder at all, he only said, he used him very ill.
Q. Did you go into the house again after that?
Merideth. I did.
Q. What had you done to the prisoner, that he fell a beating you?
Merideth. I never offended him in my life?


                  William 
                  Pearch 
               



            . The prosecutor went to my house that night; he had not been gone above an hour, before my man called me up, and said, he was gone to the prisoner's house. I got up, and went to the prisoner's, and asked for Mr. Solloway.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Pearch. This was after ten o'clock; he asked who is Solloway? I said a man in black, that had been at your house; he said, he knew nothing of him. I said, I hear he has lost his money; I had not done talking, but Mr. Solloway came in with the headborough, and gave him charge of the prisoner. Then the prisoner charged him, and they went to the Tower jail. I heard the prisoner say, if the prosecutor would not be impudent, he could help him to his money. Sometimes he would say he knew nothing of it; but this he told me before he came to the watch-house.
Q. What money?
Pearch. I do not know what money. I had heard that he had lost some money, and I was persuading him to let the prosecutor have it.
Q. Where did you go after that?
Pearch. We went to the watch-house, after that, I was there. The prisoner went away while the keeper of the watch-house was gone for some beer, he was taken again the next day at his own house.
Q. Did you hear him confess any thing?
Pearch. No, I did not.
Q. Was you before the justice when he was there?
Pearch. I was.
Q. What past there?
Pearch. Nothing material.
Cross Examination.
Q. Whether the prisoner once owned he had taken any of the money?
Pearch. He did not own to me he had taken any of it; but he said to me, he would help him to his money, if he would not be impudent.


                  Oliver 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am headborough, Mr. Solloway came to my house, and told me, he had been robbed by Wisely, at his own house, and insisted upon my going with him. I said he is a powerful man, I must have assistance. I took four watchmen with me; Wisely was standing at the corner of his own house (I thought they had been gambling.) I said to him, Tom give this man his money again; said he, I have got no money. I took him to Mr. Ingram's, there he throw'd some gold down on the table, how much I cannot tell. Said he, you see I have got money, I want none of his; and said to the prosecutor, you charge me, I will charge you. Said he, this man came into my house with two knowing husseys, and I suppose they have got his money. I took him to the Tower-jail, they would not take him in without a proper commitment. When we were at the jail, he took me aside, and said, I will give you a ned.
Q. What did he mean by that?
Smith. I suppose it to be a guinea; he put his hand in his pocket, and gave me a bit of money, which I thought to be a guinea. I never saw it, but delivered it to him again. Then we went again to the watch-house, there I left them while I went home for some beer; and while I was gone, he forced himself out of the watch-house. The next morning Mr. Pell sent for me, he granted a warrant, then I went to the prisoner's house. he was up stairs. I sent word I was come; he said, I am here Oliver. I said let's go and make an end of this foolish nonsensical affair.
Q. Was he drunk or sober the night this thing was done?
Smith. He certainly was in liquor, but I cannot say very much.
Q. Was he able to judge what he was about?
Smith. Yes, that he was.
Q. What did you mean by making an end of this foolish nonsensical affair?
Smith. Because I could not have taken him by force, if I had not made slight of the thing. We went to the justice's house, his worship was out. Then the prisoner said, come Oliver, we'll go to your house, and have six-pennyworth of rum and water. When we were there, he came to the bar, and popped a half guinea into my hand, and said, there, take care of me, or take care of it. He gave me one shilling, and I gave him 6 d. for the reckoning, then he insisted upon going to justice Scott's; we went there, he was not at home; by the time we got back again, justice Pell was come home; I took him there, and he committed him.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did he give you this money to buy off the prosecution?
Smith. He gave it me to take care of him.
Q. What to see that things were done as they should be?
Smith. I believe he meant to speak a good word for him, and wave off the evidence, to soften matters as much as possible.
Q. Did he say such a thing?
Smith. Yes he did
Q. What were his words?
Smith. He said, to take care of him.
Q. Did you understand that, to soften the evidence?
Smith. I did.
Q. Why should you not as well understand it to let him escape, or swear for him?
Smith. No, I could not understand it in that light.
Q. Did you inform the justice of peace with this matter?
Smith. I did; as soon as the prisoner was committed, I came directly again to the justice, and told him, I never saw the first piece which he gave me till then; that was a 6 s. and 9 d. piece.
Q. Why did you not acquaint the justice with that before?
Smith. Because I thought proper to see him safe in custody for it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I will give an account of the six and 9 d. I came down that night, and put my hand in my pocket, and said, here is 6 s. and 9 d. and I will go home to bed, if you will let me go; he will go and get some beer for the watchmen; I keep a publick-house myself, and we shall have a joval night of it, this is a drunken-fellow. I gave them a shilling, and said, go for a gallon of beer; the constable said, I will go for it myself. I said, you are a very pretty fellow, having me in charge; Solloway and I had sat together some time; I said, Mr. Smith stays a long time, I can go home. We agreed before Mr. Smith's face, to go home and come again. and meet at Mr. Smith's house; when Smith came, I was gone, I went to bed. In the morning, he and Solloway came to my house; my girl came up and called me, and said, here is Mr. Smith, and two or three gentlemen, below; I came down in my shirt, and said, Mr. Smith, what is the matter? He said this troublesome vagrant fellow is teasing me. I suppose them two Molls have touched him, and got his money. They d - d him for a fool, and said, he was a foolish dog, or he had catched them. Said Mr. Smith, Tom, I have got a warrant against you. Then we went to justice Pell's house, he was not at home; then he said, let us go to justice Scott's; thus we walked about. I sad to Mr. Smith, you have a great deal of trouble with me, I want no man's labour for nothing; come, we will go down to your house, Mr. Pell will be at home by the time we have had something to drink. Then he came to my house, we had six pennyworth of rum and water, Mr. Solloway and Mr. Smith would drink none. Then I said, I will go to your house; then I said, it is a quarter past 10 o'clock, and I have troubled you very much; here is half a guinea, let's have something for dinner, I believe it will come to four or five shillings; perhaps when we come to these bawdy-houses, I may know those two women that were with him at my house.
Court. The charge against you is, that you robbed Solloway of five guineas, two half guineas, and a shilling, in your house; confine yourself to that; what answer can you give to it?
Prisoner. When Solloway came into my house, he sat down in a box, and two women along with him. He called for a pint of two-penny; when it came, the women said, they would not drink two-penny. I looked at them very earnest, as I saw this Solloway, lolling between them, just like a ship in stays. I said, Sir, you had better get up, I believe you have had liquor enough; said he, I will please the girls fancy, I will have six pennyworth of rum and water, they drank it out, and left some of the twopenny in the pint pot. The women both got up, and walked out at the door, and shut it after them; he put his hand in his pocket, and said down six-pence. I took it up, and got a groat of the women at the bar, and laid it before him on the table; then he said, d - n it, I must go and get a bit for my cat, he opened the door and walked out. Said the gentlewoman at the bar, he has not paid for the rum and water; said I. a man of his appearance would not go away without paying six pence. In about a quarter of an hour after, he came in again, and lolled his head down, and called for six-penny worth of rum, and water. He seemed to loll about a quarter of an hour, then in came this man, he had a piece of stick in his hand, he brought it to my nose three or four times, and said smell to it; I said it had a very fine scent, I thought it was with intent to give my nose a pinch; so I made him go out of the house.
Q. to Constable. Did the prisoner talk to you about any women being in the house, and having picked Solloway's pocket?
Constable. He did before the justice, but not to me.
For the Prisoner.


                  Margaret 
                  Meads 
               



            . The prisoner is my master; I remember Solloway coming into our house.
Q. When?
M. Meads. It was on Michaelmas-day.
Q. Did he come alone, or in company?
M. Meads. He came in with two women, and sat down in the right-hand box between the women.
Q. How were they dressed?
M. Meads. One had a cotton gown on, and the other a silk gown and cardinal; they called for a pint of twopenny; he laid down sixpence to pay for it, and my master gave him fourpence out of it. The women would not stay any longer with him, without they had better liquor to drink. Then he called for six penny-worth of rum and water. They staid 'till it was drank out; then the two women went out of the house, and Mr. Solloway followed them in about five or six minutes after. I made it my business to shut up the windows immediately. The curtains were drawn before. The women and he had some words, and he returned in again, and asked for his four-pence change out of his sixpence; then he called for six penny-worth of rum and water more.
Q. Did the women come back with him?
M. Meads. No, they did not; then he seemed to fall asleep, and Merideth came in presently after, and my master put him out by the shoulders, and he returned my master two or three blows; then he returned in again. My master said, Friend, you will not be easy 'till I charge you with the watch. Mr. Solloway drank with Mr. Merideth, and they went out together.
Q. Did Solloway come into your master's house any more that night?
M. Meads. No, he did not.
Q. Did you see your master take any money from Solloway that night?
M. Meads. No, I did not; I never saw any money betwixt them, only sixpence.
Q. If any thing had been of his taking money from him by force, should you have seen it?
M. Meads. I should.
Q. Were the windows shut up before Solloway went out of your house?
M. Meads. They were before he came in the second time, and the curtains were drawn before I lighted the candles; I was in the tap-room all the time.
Q. What time did they first come in?

M. Meads. This was about half an hour after nine when they came, and about half an hour after ten when Solloway and Merideth went out at the door.
Q. Was you in the bar.
M. Meads. I was not.
Q. Who was in the bar?
M. Meads. The gentlewoman was that is about taking Mr. Wisely's house.
Q. What occasion was there for your staying in the tap-room all the time, if you was not in the bar?
M. Meads. There was a great deal more company in the room, and I had nothing to do at that time of night.
Q. Where was your master?
M. Meads. He was with two gentlemen, but I do not know their names.
Q. Who were in the room at the time?
M. Meads. There were several sailors, and a woman and her husband, and another woman.
Q. Are you sure there were two women came in along with Solloway?
M. Meads. Yes; one of them had on a loose stuff-gown; the other a striped silk, and black cardinal.
Q. What is the usual time to shut your house up?
M. Meads. We sometimes shut up at ten, but on Saturday nights eleven is the farthest. Merideth did not stay; he had got a piece of a stick in his hand; he broke it, and put it on the fire, and said it would serve to light the fire.
Q. After Solloway and he went away together, what became of your master?
M. Meads. He was then in the little room, and in about half an hour after my master went out to a house down the alley.
Q. Did he not go out for half an hour after they were gone?
M. Meads. He did not 'till that time; I was not out of the house all the time.
Q. Was Mr. Solloway in that little room?
M. Meads. No, he was not.
Q. Was that room-door shut or open?
M. Meads. It was open.
Q. Are either of those two gentlemen here, that was with your master?
M. Meads. No.
Q. Could any body see into that little room from the tap-room, without going into it?
M. Meads. Yes; they could see through the tap-room window.
Q. What time did the people come the next day?
M. Meads. I believe between nine and ten.
Q. Where was your master?
M. Meads. He was then in bed; I went up, and told him some gentlemen wanted him, and he got up and came down.
Q. Who came for him?
M. Meads. There were Mr. Smith, Mr. Solloway, and several other people.
Q. How much liquor had Solloway at your house?
M. Meads. He had two six penny-worths, and a pint of twopenny.
Q. Was he drunk or sober?
M. Meads. He was very much in liquor, indeed.
Q. How was your master?
M. Meads. He was not much in liquor.


                  David 
                  Sutherland 
               



            . I knew the prisoner 15 years ago; I was sitting in his house on the 29th of September, between the hours of nine and ten at night; I saw Solloway there.
Q. How long did you stay there?
Sutherland. I staid 'till a quarter before ten.
Q. Was there any dispute between Solloway and Wisely?
Sutherland. No.
Q. Had you that pig-tail wig on which you have now?
Sutherland. I had.
Q. Was you there before Solloway, or did you come in after he was there?
Sutherland. I was there before he came in.
Q. Were the window-shutters shut?
Sutherland. I cannot answer for that, but I can be certain that the curtains were drawn.
Q. Did Solloway come in alone?
Sutherland. He had two women with him; he called for a pint of beer; the women did not care for beer, they wanted better liquor.
Q. What sort of beer was it he called for?
Sutherland. It was twopenny; upon which he called for six penny worth of rum and water: they drank it, and the women went out, seemingly to me laughing; and Mr. Solloway followed them for five or six minutes. My ship-mate and I had done drinking, and we went out.
Q. What was that ship mate's name?
Sutherland. A name-sake of mine; named Sutherland.
Q. Did you see the prosecutor come in again?
Sutherland. I saw him come in a little time afterwards, seemingly to me he staggered; that is all I know.

Q. Was there any complaint of money being lost?
Sutherland. No, there was not; I never heard any more of the matter. The next day I was called before his worship, Mr. Pell.
Q. What passed there?
Sutherland. I gave the justice an account that I saw the change on the table, whether it was silver or gold I cannot say.
Q. Did the prisoner insist upon your making an affidavit?
Sutherland. He did.
Q. Did you make an affidavit?
Sutherland. No, the justice did not chuse to take it.
Q. Did you give the justice the same account there as here, about the two women coming in with him?
Sutherland. Yes.
Q. Did you give an account there, that you saw them go out, and he with them?
Sutherland. I never was asked that; the justice asked me much more then, but he would not give me my oath.
Q. Who were in the prisoner's house at the time the prosecutor was?
Sutherland. There were the prosecutor, two women, me, and my name-sake, a woman in the bar, and some people in the little room backwards.
Q. Did Solloway go into the little room?
Sutherland. I did not see him go in while I was there.


                  Elizabeth 
                  White 
               



            . This gentleman came into our house, and said he was robbed; he came with the other man, Merideth; he said that man robbed him.
Q. What are you?
E. White. I am Mr. Ingram's maid; he stood by me, and took his watch out of his right-hand fob, and put it into his left-hand waistcoat pocket. Said he, I have lost my watch. I said, do not say so, you have got it in your pocket, and shewed which. My master was smoaking his pipe by the fire-side; he got up, and said, you have got your watch there.
Q. How soon after he came did he complain he had been robbed?
E. White. It was about ten minutes before he said any thing; he charged Merideth with it, and said he had robbed him.
Q. Do you remember seeing the prisoner there?
E. White. I do.
Q. What time did he come in?
E. White. He came in better than half an hour after ten at night.
Q. Was he there while Solloway was there?
E. White. He was, they had a shilling in punch together.
Q. Did Solloway drink any of the punch?
E. White. He did.
Q. Are you sure of that?
E. White. I am sure of it.
Q. How soon did Wisely come into the house after Solloway?
E. White. They came in together, and drank a shilling in punch together.
Q. Do you remember Wisely calling for there half-penny worth of rum?
E. White. I do not; when Solloway came in first of all, he said he had lost five guineas; then he went out, and came in again, and said he had lost five guineas, two half guineas, and a shilling.
Q. Did he mention who took them from him?
E. White. He did not; first of all he said Mr. Wisely, then he said the other man, Merideth, robbed him.
Q. Did Solloway and Wisely drink together as good friends?
E. White. They did, they drank together several times.
Q. What became of the story of the robbery all that time?
E. White. They all went out at the door together; Solloway went to fetch an officer.
Q. Did Mr. Smith come there?
E. White. He did, and another gentleman.
Q. Did you hear any body talk of sending an attorney to Mr. Wisely.
E. White. No, I did not.
Q. What time did Mr. Smith come in?
E. White. He came in about half an hour after ten o'clock; the prisoner staid at our house all the time; and they went all out of our house together, and we shut up the door, and went to-bed.
Q. to Smith. Did you see the prosecutor and prisoner drink together at Ingram's house?
Smith. When I got the prisoner, we went in at Ingram's, and Wisely had some punch there; he wanted me to drink, and I would not; then he wanted Solloway to drink; he said he would not drink at all.
Q. to White. Did you see Wisely go out of the house?
E. White. No, not 'till he went out with the rest.
Q. How far does Mr. Smith live from Ingram's house?
E. White. About as far distance as it is from here to the Sessions-house gateway.

Q. Did Merideth complain of being abused?
E. White. No, he did not; I heard Solloway say over and over, that he had robbed him.
Mr. Ingram. This Merideth ran into my house about ten o'clock, and Wisely ran in after him, beating of him over the head, crying, D - n you, you scoundrel. I jumped up, and said, I will have no noise here. Wisely said, Make me a shilling's-worth of punch. Then Mr. Solloway came up, and said, Tom, you have robbed me of my money; you took five guineas from me. Then he said directly, it was five guineas, two half-guineas, and a shilling. Wisely said he knew nothing of it. Then Solloway turned about to Merideth, and said, You have got my money. In about ten minutes, Wisely said to him, Will you drink? No, said he, I will not drink with such a scoundrel as you are.
Q. Did he drink with him?
Ingram. I believe I drank with him; I believe Wisely did not. Then Solloway said, I believe you will have my watch by and by; and took it out, and put it into his waistcoat pocket. Then he said to Merideth, I believe you have got my watch. I said, you have it in your waistcoat pocket. Wisely said, You scoundrel, do you think I would take your money? and flung down ten or twelve guineas, and pulled out a pocketbook with a bank note in it of 30 l.
Q. Had he the command of a great deal of money?
Ingram. I do not know that he had; but he said to Solloway, You are a drunken, foolish fellow, you do not know how to wear money; and if he had got it, he would keep it.
Q. What time was it when Merideth came in, and Wisely came beating of him?
Ingram. I believe it was between ten and eleven. Solloway went out, and came in with Mr. Smith and some watchmen.


                  John 
                  Wynn 
               



            . I was at Ingram's on Michaelmas-day at night, along with Mr. Ingram and his wife; I believe it was after ten o'clock; Wisely was there driving in Merideth, and hitting him several blows; the man complained of ill-usage.
Q. Ill-usage for what?
Wynn. Because he had charged Wisely with taking money from Mr. Solloway. I thought it a little extraordinary, when I came to understand he had charged him with taking a quantity of money from some person that did not then appear. Mr. Wisely called him villain and rogue, and gave him another knock. Said he, How came you to charge me with the man's money? you may have been with him, and may have taken it yourself. Said Merideth, I saw you through the window take it yourself.
Q. Do you live near Mr. Wisely?
Wynn. I am a near neighbour to him.
Q. Have you observed there are curtains to his windows?
Wynn. I have; there are curtains. Mr. Wisely called for a shilling's-worth of punch at Mr. Ingram's; it was put down upon the table.
Q. Had he called for any liquor before?
Wynn. I cannot say that he had; I never had any acquaiatance with Mr. Wisely, nor resorted to his house. After these words and blows, he drank to Mr. Ingram; presently in came Solloway.
Q. Was this after the rum and water was called for?
Wynn. It was; Solloway said to Wisely, You had better give me my money, Said Wisely, I know nothing of your money.
Q. Was Solloway in liquor?
Wynn. He seemed pretty much cut with liquor. Solloway said, If I have got it, I will keep it, for you are not capable of taking care of it. Then Solloway called for a shilling's-worth of punch, and drank to some other person that was there.
Q. Did he drink with Wisely?
Wynn. No, he did not, nor with us. First he said he had lost five guineas; then he said it was five guineas, two half-guineas, and a shilling.
Q. How did he say he lost them?
Wynn. He said Wisely took them of his hand; after that he charged Merideth with having his money, and likewise his watch. Mr. Ingram said, No, you have not lost your watch, you have put it in your left-hand waistcoat pocket; put your hand in, and you will find it; there he found it.
Q. In what words did he charge Wisely with the watch?
Wynn. He said, that as Wisely had his money, probably he might have his watch too. Merideth offered to strip; then Solloway said to Wisely, You shall hear from me between this and Friday.
Q. Was the word attorney expressed?
Wynn. No, nor no such thing as I can recollect. He went away, and Wisely continued there.
Q. Do you remember Smith the headborough coming there?
Wynn. I do; I believe Wisely came out, when Mr. Solloway was gone; but I do not know justly. When Mr. Smith came in, Wisely produced a quantity of money; I believe about eleven or twelve pounds, and a Bank note of thirty pounds; I took it out of his hand with his own name upon it.


                  James 
                  Lacey 
               



            . Where the curtains are in the prisoner's room, when they are drawn, people cannot see from out of the street.
Q. How do you know that?
Lacey. I have experienced it.
Q. Do you know that the curtains were drawn that night?
Lacey. No, I don't know that.


                  Michael 
                  Hines 
               



            . I have known the prisoner very well four years.
Q. What has been his character?
Hines. I have travelled with him, and laid in the same room, when I have had two hundred pounds about me, and never knew that he wronged any body in my life, nor heard any thing dishonest by him.


                  James 
                  Millar 
               



            . I have known him about two years.
Q. What is his general character?
Millar. I have no heard much about him; I never saw any thing bad by him.


                  Charles 
                  Ratley 
               



            . I live in Church-lane, about two or three hundred yards from the prisoner; I have known him four or five years; I never heard any thing of his character, but that of an honest neighbour; he paid me honestly for what he contracted with me.


                  James 
                  Murphy 
               



            . I have known him between thirteen and fourteen years; he lived in the neighbourhood, just by me. Since he came back from sea I have been acquainted with him; I believe him to be an honest man; I never heard he defrauded any body in my life-time.
Mr. James. I have known him twelve years; he has been at sea some part of the time; since he came back I never heard any thing tardy of him, or dishonest; I never heard to the contrary but that he bears an honest character.
Q. to Solloway. Whether you was sober or not?
Solloway. I cannot say I was quite sober.
Q. Was you very much in liquor?
Solloway. No, not at all.
Q. Was you much in liquor, or not?
Solloway. No, I was not.
Q. Was you alone?
Solloway. I was; before God and man I had no woman with me; I appeal to Almighty God, I had none; I call a just God to be my judge in that.
Q. to Merideth. Was you drunk or sober?
Merideth. I was sober.
Q. Are you sure that Solloway had no woman with him.
Merideth. Yes, I am certainly sure that he had none; he came in with a walking-stick in his hand, and nobody with him.
Q. Did Solloway go there first, or you?
Merideth. I was in the house some time before he came in, about three or four minutes.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


