





463. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a gold ring, value 12 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Flude 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said John
            , July 10
. ++


                  John 
                  Flude 
               



            . On Tuesday the 10th of July, between four and six in the afternoon, I was standing at my shop door: the prisoner came and put his hand upon my arm, and said, step to the window; I went; he asked me what a ring hanging there would come to; I said, about 14 or 16 s. he desired me to weigh it for him; I did, and told him it came to 16 s. he pulled out half a crown, 1 s. and 6 d. and laid the ring on the counter; he told me he had lost half a guinea out of his pocket; he said, Sir, it is all the same, I'll leave you a shilling and the ring: he gave me a piece of paper with a counterfeit ring and a shilling; I had seen him take up my ring and put it into his pocket. When he was gone, I opened the paper to look at my ring, and found I was deceived; I ran out, and happened to take the right way: I ran up Hart-street, and at the upper end I saw him; when I had been twenty or thirty yards in Monkwell-street, he run as hard as he could, and turned into Silver-street; I pursued him into the Castle and Faulcon yard: he stopped running, and was opening the paper to look at the ring: I got up to him, and laid hold of him, and said, my friend, you shall not drop the ring: I took hold of his hand, and led him to the first public house I came to, and desired Mr. Hayns, who was there, to open the prisoner's hand; he did, and there I took out my ring: bringing him back in Monkwell-street, he desired I would not take hold of his coat to expose him, saying, he had a great family; I let go his coat: when we came to the corner of Hart-street, he endeavoured to escape, and ran as hard as he could; and we took him again in Wood-street. (The ring produced and deposed to, and the shilling also which he left.)


                  Thomas 
                  Hayns 
               



            . Mr. Flude had hold of the man, and brought him to me, and said, young man, look if this man has not something in his hand: I opened his hand, and there was a gold ring in it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into that shop to ask him to come out and look at a ring that was in the window; he did, and said it would come to about 16 s. I had a brass ring and a shilling; I happened to lay it down on the counter, and took up the other by mistake, and said I would come in half an hour; having left half a guinea on the table at home: that ring was given me by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Laneton 
               



            , to buy a ring by.

For the Prisoner.


                  Sarah 
                  Laneton 
               



            . I gave the prisoner half a guinea to buy a ring, and ordered him to buy one a little bigger than that brass one.
Q. Is the prisoner any relation of yours?
Laneton. No, he is not; only he has married my daughter: the ring was designed for me.


                  William 
                  Wright 
               



            . I have known him twelve months; he was always a hard working man, for whatever I heard.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
