





165. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Kendell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s one pair of silver knee buckles, one pair of brown cloth breeches, one hat, one wig, one pair of shoes, one cotton handkerchief, one pair of gloves, and one pair of metal buttons
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hopkins 
                  




                
            , April 7
.


                  William 
                  Hopkins 
               



            . I am an hostler
, but am now out of place. I was at the Red Lion, Charing Cross. The prisoner asked me to go to the Hay-market. When we came from thence, it was about two in the morning. Then he said he would give me half a bed if I would go with him to his lodgings. I went, and in the morning I found myself in bed, but my shoes, buckles, breeches, hat, wig, buckskin gloves, two guineas in gold, five or six shillings in silver, and a silver watch, were gone, and the prisoner was gone also, and I lock'd into the room. The people of the house sent me some things to put on, till I went home to put on some of my own. Then I went to the Red Lion at Charing Cross again, where the man that keeps the tap there told me the prisoner was then in the tap-house. He seeing me, went and hid himself under the manger in the stable. I went and pull'd him out by the collar, and brought him into the tap room again. Then the master that keeps the inn desired one of his servants to take a candle, and look under the manger; he went with him, and there they found my watch. The master came to me and said, what case has your watch? I said, a shagreen one, which appeared to be the same they had found. Then the prisoner took my shoe buckles out of his pocket, and threw them down between my legs.
Q. Did you see him throw them down?
Hopkins. I did, and took them up. We carried him before justice Cox, but he would not confess any thing. He had sent away a parcel by a porter, and when the porter return'd to carry his box, we sent for the parcel back again; there were in it my breeches, hat, wig, and knee buckles: The key of my room was found in his pocket.


                  Thomas 
                  King 
               



            . I am a watchman belonging to Covent Garden, and a porter in the day-time. After I had done my duty, I met the prisoner in Maiden Lane, who said, Watchman, if you'll carry this sack to the corner of Bow Street I will give you a pot of beer. I went with him to the Coach and Horses in Charles Street, where he got liberty of the people of the house to let him leave the parcel in the tap room. He called for a pot of porter, and then said, If you'll go along with me to the Red Lion at Charing Cross and fetch a box to this sack, I will pay you for your trouble. I went thither with him, where he called for a pint of purl, and after that another; then he went out and left me, and these people came in and said, I was along with a thief; I told them where I had carried a sack for him, and they desired I would go and fetch it away. I went along with two men, and brought it before justice Cox, where it was opened, and I saw the breeches, hat, wig, and a pair of gloves, which Mr. Hopkins owned. Then justice Cox sent me to the Red Lion at Charing Cross for the prisoner's box, which was also opened, but nothing found in it belonging to the prosecutor.


                  Thomas 
                  Stanley 
               



            . I live at the Red Lion, and found the watch under the manger. [The things were produced in court, and deposed to.]
Prisoner's Defence.
I was at the Red Lion, Charing Cross, on Easter Sunday, where this man came in much in liquor, and I believe I was in his company about two hours; he said he was shut out, and I said if he pleased to accept of half a bed he was welcome; he said with all his heart, and going along he wanted some liquor, so we went to lar in the Haymarket, where we staid about a; then we came to my room, opposite the Nag's Head in Hedge Lane, but he met with a girl, and we all three went and lay together; about three the girl was gone. I wanted to remove my lodgings, so had the sack carried to the Coach and Horses in CoventGarden; then I came back to the Red Lion, and wanted the box to be removed to the Swan in Bishopsgate Street. I staid at the Red Lion two hours, or two hours and a half. Hopkins came into the yard, and challenged me with the things, watch, buckles, and the like. I said I did not know any thing of them, and that if he had lost them possibly the woman had taken them. He found a pair of buckles under the bench. I went into the stables, as I had been used to the yard, and having been drinking all the morn ing I wanted to lie down to sleep, where they came and disturbed me. I said I was willing to go before a justice of peace. I know nothing of the watch.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


