






234, 235. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Jacob 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Mason 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing a woollen cloth cloak, value 3 d.
             the property of persons unknown, February 24
. ++


                  William 
                  Wills 
               



            . I was constable of the night on the 24th of February; the prisoners were brought to me, and accused with robbing a poor woman of a cloak, which was found upon 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jacobs 
               



            . When she was asked about it, she said Mason was attempting to take off her apron and handkerchief, and almost strangled her. As the woman that charged them could give but little account of herself, for her appearing against them the next day, I ordered her to the Compter for my security. She dropt down in Gutter-lane, and died. I went to the Alderman, and told him the case, and he ordered a jury to fit upon the body, and it was brought in natural death.


                  James 
                  Peal 
               



            . I was going through Field-lane, between 2 and 3 o'clock that morning; one in the neighbourhood said to the watchman, What is the matter you do not assist the poor woman who is calling watch? I said I would assist him. We made up as fast as we could; I saw 3 women; I catched hold of one of them: the woman that is dead was sitting at a door. She said, I am robbed of my cloak, and ill used: she could hardly speak. She described her cloak by a great pin on the back of it, under the cape, and one black string: I found such a one upon Jacobs. I put it on the woman's shoulders, and took the 2 prisoners to the watch-house. Jacobs said Mason took the cloak off the poor woman, and put it on her, that is, Jacob's shoulders. No, said Mason, you took it, and was stripping the woman of her apron. Then said Jacobs, I'll blow you.
Q. from Mason. Did I not come voluntarily to the watch-house.
Peal. Yes, you did.


                  Thomas 
                  Purcell 
               



            , the watchman, confirmed the account he and the constable had given.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
