





346. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bird 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of linen sheets, value 3 s. one linen towel, value 6 d. one linen bed-gown, value 6 d. one check linen apron, value 6 d. and one linen clothes bag, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Mackerness 
                        



                      
                  , widow
; one cloth great coat, value 5 s. and two mens hats, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Cornelius 
                     Mackerness 
                  



                
            , May 31
. +
Eliz. Mackerness. I live in Spital-Fields


. On the 31st of May I lost the goods laid in the indictment (mentioning them by name.) out of my lower apartment.
James Hill. I live opposite the prosecutrix. On the 31st of May I heard her crying out, and the people said she had been robbed by a brewer's servant. She ran and I ran. I came up to the prisoner, and saw part of a coat hanging out of his apron. I seized him by the collar, and asked him what he had got there; he muttered something, I can't say what. I told him he should carry the things back, to where he had them; but in leading him back, the mob was so great, that we were forced to take him into a public-house; (there was another man with the prisoner who made off;) we sent for an officer and the prosecutrix, and she owned the things. (He mentioned the things as laid in the indictment.)


                  James 
                  Hughes 
               



            , who pursued the prisoner along with Hill, gave the same account.
Mr. Airbottle. I am a constable. I was sent for to the 
               
                  Ben 
                  Johnson 
               



             in Pelham-street, to take charge of the prisoner and things. I found four pick lock keys in his pocket. (Produced in Court. he goods produced also in Court, and deposed to by the respective owners.)


                  Eleanor 
                  Horsey 
               



            . On the 31st of May, about half an hour after eight, as I was standing at my own door, I saw the prisoner come out of Mrs. Mackerness's house, with some clothes in his apron. I told Mrs. Mackerness of it. She ran home. and found her door open; then he was pursued and taken.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a brick-maker
. I went to Limehouse to see for work, and as I was coming along I met a man who offered me sixpence to carry these clothes to Whitechapel. I put them in my apron. When I came to Spital-Fields church they asked me what I had got there; I told them nothing belonging to them. The man that I had them of had not been gone above two or three minutes. They had me into the 
               
                  Ben 
                  Johnson 
               



            's head, and took the things from me, and I found in a piece of rag four keys. I put them into my pocket. As soon as I was taken, the man I had them of ran away.
He called 
               
                  Mary 
                  Walker 
               



            , and 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Bellier 
               



            , who said they never heard any ill of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
