





123. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Edwards 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one quart pot, value 18 d. and five pewter pint pots, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Nix 
                  




                
            , Feb. 19
. +


                  Jane 
                  Nix 
               



            . I have lost many pewter pots.
Q. What are you?
J. Nix. I keep a publick house
 in the Fleet market


. On the 19th of February the prisoner came to my house and called for a pint of beer; some company went out of a box, and she went and sat there, soon after which I found a quart pewter pot in her apron, and took it from her; she said she never did such a thing before, and beg'd I would excuse it.
Q. Was she got up to go away?
J. Nix. No, she was not; then I bethought myself to look for more, and found 5 pint pewter pots hanging round her under her petticoat by strings.
Q. Where was she then?
J. Nix. About a yard or two from the box.

Q. What did she say for herself?
J. Nix. She beg'd forgiveness, and said she had never done so before, and own'd she had taken them with intent to carry them away.
Q. Did you know her before?
J. Nix. I have seen her in my house two or three times before.
Q. What is she?
J. Nix. Her husband is a labourer. She said she met a woman that asked her if she had any pewter to sell, who offer'd to give her a groat a pound for what she could get. (The pots produced and deposed to.)


                  Samuel 
                  Snipe 
               



            . I was drinking at the prosecutrix's house, on the 19th of February; she came into the back room to two or three friends, and told us she saw a woman stealing a quart pot; we desired her to go and challenge her with it, which she did, and found the pot; then she was going to turn her out of her house, but said, perhaps she has got more; then she brought her into the room where we were drinking, felt about her and said here is another, it hangs by a string; she broke the string and took that, then another, and then another, till she found five pint pots, hanging about the prisoner by strings.
Q. Was the prisoner going away with them?
Snipe. The prosecutrix was going to push her out, and the prisoner was going out; had not the prosecutrix bethought herself to search farther.


                  Andrew 
                  Warden 
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Round 
               



            , being in company with the last witness, confirm'd the same account.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was there and had two or three half-pints of beer; Mrs. Nix came and pull'd me out of the box where I was sitting, beat me with a quart pot, and tied me very ill; I am all black and blue now. I have some witness to call to my character.
For the prisoner.


                  Richard 
                  Rhodes 
               



            . The prisoner's husband has worked for me two or three years; I know of no dishonesty by her besides this.
Q. How long have you known her?
Rhodes. I have known her seven years.
Theodofia Cotton. The prisoner lived in the house with me near two years, she is a very honest woman. I have trusted her, in my apartment, and never lost any thing by her, or heard any ill of her. I wash for people and have trusted her where there has been 20 l. worth of linen at a time.


                  Eleanor 
                  Jones 
               



            . I have known her from a child.
Q. What is her character?
E. Jones. I know nothing of her but that she is honest.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Rhodes 
               



            . I have known her some time, I never knew any ill of her.


                  John 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I never saw the woman three times before this misfortune, but her husband was a brother watchman with me, and I have heard she bears a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


