





289 (L.) 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Peacock 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two mahogany tea boards, value 7 s. and 3 mahogany bottle boards, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Harrowsmith 
                  



                
            , widow
, and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harrowsmith 
                  



                
            , October 2
. ++


                  John 
                  Harrowsmith 
               



            . The prisoner was my journeyman
.
Q. Have you any partner?
Harrowsmith. Yes, my mother; I miss'd the goods mentioned in the indictment and found them in Morris's lodgings; he came and asked me to come and see if they belong'd to me; I went accordingly, and there they were.


                  William 
                  Morris 
               



            . I am a watchmaker (he produced the goods mentioned in the indictment; deposed to the prosecutor) the prisoner Peacock brought two of the bottle stands at one time, and one at another; I was going by his master's shop, he desired me to take a parcel out of his master's shop widow; he toss'd it out wrap'd up in a cloth; it fl down, and I saw it to be a tea board; he said it was his own, and I took it for him.
Prosecutor. The prisoner told me he had taken another tea board, and had sold it to Mr. Wt, and I went and found it there.
Prisoner's Defence.


                  William 
                  Morris 
               



             ask'd me for these things, and for a small weighter to set his watches upon.
Morris. He told me in New Prison he wouldy it upon me, but it is all false, I never desired to bring me any such thing.
For the prisoner.


                  Edward 
                  Berry 
               



            . I have known the prisoner seven years, he worked for me about two years, and boarded in my house, I never knew a ill of him.
Q. What is your business?
Berry. I am a turner.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


