





137. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Mackdaniel 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a feather-bed, value 10 s. a pewter dish, value 2 s. a brass candlestick, value 4 d. and a brass pepper box, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Whitmore 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging room lett by contract
            , Jan. 6
. ++


                  John 
                  Whitmore 
               



            . I live in Hog-Lane, St. Ann's


. I let the prisoner a lodging better than four months ago; he staid in it till the 6th of January; then I found the goods gone. He never absconded. He owed me twenty-four shillings for rent, and promised me to bring two shillings at this and the other time. I went up to clap a padlock on the door, and mist the goods mentioned; then I got a warrant from Justice Welch, and secured him at the Black Dog in St. Giles's. I then took him to the Round-house; he lay there four or five hours; then I went and asked him what he had done with the bed: he told me he sold it at the corner of Sweep Chimney Alley, in great Earl-Street, to one Mr. More, for fourteen shillings.


                  Christopher 
                  More 
               



            . I bought a bed of the prisoner, on the 6th of January, for fourteen shillings, about ten o'clock, and sold it that very day.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
More. No, I never saw him before. He had the bed in Newtoner's Lane, fixed on a bedstead, as if it was his apartment. There I bought it. I desired the prosecutor to take the man up that belonged to the apartment, but he would not.
Prisoner's Defence.
That morning I happened to go to see for work. I met with some acquaintance, who gave me some gin and purl; it got into my head, and I suppose I consented to it. I did sell the bed to that man, for want of money. What I sold it for I do not know.
Q. to More. Was the prisoner drunk or sober?
More. He was quite sober.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
