





1. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clark 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a Turkey oil-stone, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Ashley 
                        



                     
                  , one other Turkey oil-stone, value 2 s. one carpenter's plough, value 18 d. and one hand-saw
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gibson 
                  



               
            , November 30
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I am a journeyman carpenter
. I was at work at a new house in the parish of Kensington


, under Mr. Clark, a builder. The prisoner had worked for the same master, but not at the time the things were lost, which was this day week, at night.


                  George 
                  Ashley 
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and was at work at the same building.
Mr. Pickering. I am a broker, and live next door to St. Giles's church. The prisoner brought one of these Turkey stones and the plough to me about seven last Thursday morning: he said they were his own. I asked him where he worked; he said in the Ruins in St. Giles's. I went with him to see if any body there would say they were his; but he could not find any body that knew him: then I supposed he had stole them. I gave the constable charge of him, and he was taken to the Round-house; then a little boy came and said the prisoner had left a saw and oil-stone at a public-house for liquor. The constable went and brought them. (The tools produced in court, and deposed to by their respective owners, who with the constable deposed to the prisoner's confession before Justice Welch of his stealing them out of the building.)
Prisoner. I have nothing to say.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
