







239, 240, 241. (M.) 
               
                  Bartholomew 
                  Muckleroy 
               



              was indicted for 


               that he, on the 23d of March

, about the hour of one in the morning, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mullins 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing one copper, value 20 s. twelve pewter plates, value 7 s. one iron poker, value 1 s. a pair of tongs, value 1 s. an iron shovel, value 1 s. two beds, value 30 s. a copper pot, value 1 s. a pewter wine measure, value 1 s. a brass lid of a saucepan, value 6 d. three copper saucepans, value 10 s. two copper pannakins, three brass candlesticks, one glass in a wooden frame, one copper warming pan, one brass warming-pan, three copper tea-kettles, the goods of the said John, in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  Lawrence 
                  Murphy 
               



             , for 


               receiving, on the 26th day, the said goods; and 
                     
                        
                           Patrick 
                           Courtney 
                        



                      
                  , for receiving two beds, a copper pot, a brass pot, three copper saucepans, two pannakins, two warming-pans, and three copper tea-kettles, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , March 26

. ++


                  John 
                  Mullins 
               



            . I live in Hog-lane, St. Gyles's



. I am a broker, and deal in household-goods
: on Sunday was three weeks, about three o'clock in the morning, the watchman knock'd me up; I got up and found the warehouse-door broke open. I got a candle lighted, to see what was missing; the padlock was twisted off, and the hasp broke; a piece of the padlock was lying on the ground: I miss'd the things mentioned in the indictment, (mentioning them.) I went and informed Justice Welch of it, and got them advertised in Monday's paper following, two guineas reward for any person that should stop any part of them: on the Friday following 
               
                  George 
                  Kelley 
               



             came and informed me there were such things at his house: I got a searchwarrant from Justice Welch, and went to his house, in Black-horse-yard, by Nightingale-lane; there I found all the things that I have here, (producing a copper, a shovel, tongs, poker, a quart wine measure, twelve new plates, a brass cover, a saucepan) all my property, taken out of my warehouse: I lodged the things in the constable's hands. I went the night following to Kelley's, to take the thieves, but they did not come; then Kelley said he would warrant to get the men by night; we found Muckleroy, and took him and 
               
                  Tom 
                  Lee 
               



            : 
               
                  Tom 
                  Lee 
               



             confess'd what they had done with the things, in the Round-house. Muckleroy said there he was sorry for what he had done, saying he was in liquor, and that he was going to bring back the things again: we took Murphy after that; he said he was very innocent, and knew nothing about it. Lee told me they had carried the rest of the things to Mrs. Innis's, who keeps a lodging house at Saltpetre-bank; that is, two beds, two coppers, two warming-pans, three tea-kettles, three sauce-pans, two child's pannakins, and three brass candlesticks; and that they threw away a brass funnel, going along, and the dressing-glass fell out of his hand, going into Monmouth-street, and was broke to pieces, (it was found there the next morning by the watchman.) We went with a search-warrant on the Monday morning: they being alarmed at these men being taken, they made away with the things. I have known Muckleroy for many years.
Q. from Muckleroy. Whether you know anything amiss of me?
Mullins. I have heard a great many people, about our neighbourhood say, he ought to have been hanged twenty years ago: I know he hardly ever worked, and was almost always at the alehouse.


                  John 
                  Langree 
               



            . I am a constable: I took Muckleroy, in Crown-court, Broad St. Giles's, and carried him before Justice Welch, and he was committed to Bridewell.
Q. from Muckleroy. He has known me many years, please to ask him my character.
Langree, to the Question. He has a very indifferent one.


                  Alexander 
                  Peterson 
               



            . I am an officer of St. John's, Wapping: on the 29th of March, about ten at night, Mr. Mullins came to me, Mr. Kelley was with him; he produced a search-warrant, and Mr. Kelley said the goods I was to search for were in his house: I went and found the goods there. I seeing the warrant express that I was to secure the person where I found the goods, I told Mr. Kelley he must go to the watch-house; the next day I took him before Justice Welch: the justice said he was sorry I had kept the man a prisoner, for he came voluntarily, and discovered where the goods were: he was discharged; and the justice desired him to slop the people that brought the goods, if they came. On the 30th I went again to the ale-house, where they first brought the warrant to me; there was Kelley; he halloo'd to me, and said, I have one of the men here; that was 
               
                  Tom 
                  Lee 
               



            : I went, and sat down by the lad, and said, if he knew any thing of the affair, it would be better for him to tell it; he made a confession; he said Murphy was waiting for him at London-bridge, to receive the money for the goods: I desired Kelley, and another man, to go along with me; we tied Lee's hands, and he walked before us. Murphy stood under one of the arches, Lee went and spoke to him, which was to be the signal to us to know the man; we took and tied his hands, and led him to the end of Lombard-street, there we took a coach, and went to Justice Welch. Lee said Muckleroy lived in St. Giles's; after we had secured them in the Round-house, we went, with Lee, to look for Muckleroy; he knock'd, at the door, there we found Muckleroy; we took him, and secured him in the Round-house.


                  George 
                  Kelley 
               



            . I live in Blackhorse-yard, Nightingale-lane; on the Wednesday after this robbery was committed I was coming from Greenwich, after I had received my pension, about two in the afternoon; there were Lee, Murphy and Muckleroy in my house: Murphy is the only person of them that I knew: after we had drank two or three pots of beer, Murphy said, do you live anywhere hereabouts? I said, Yes: said he, I have got a few houshold-goods to dispose of, that may be of use to you, or any poor man; I said, what are they? he said there are some copper pots and some plates: I said I would buy them, if they were within my reach; I told him where I lived. They brought the goods the night following, about nine o'clock: Murphy had the great copper on his head, Lee had the other parcel on his shoulder, that is, a fire-shovel, tongs, poker, a pewter pot, a dozen of plates, a brass cover, and a saucepan; when I saw them, I said, I would not be concerned if you would let me have them for six-pence, therefore take them away. Murphy seemed to be daunted at these words; then I said, if they would set a price on them, and come on the next day, I would pay for them. The next day I had an opportunity of seeing the news-papers, and found they were advertised; when they came, I put them off, and apply'd to the prosecutor, and from thence to Justice Welch: they sent Mr. Langree with me, and a warrant; then Mr. Peterson came, and they put me in the Round-house. The next day 
               
                  Tom 
                  Lee 
               



             came, with a large canvas bag, to fetch the things away; my wife came and told me there was one of the men. I went and carried him over to an ale-house, and waited for Mr. Peterson: when he came I told him there was one of them; then we went to London-bridge, and took Murphey. We went with Lee and him to Justice Welch; after that we took Muckleroy, and lodged them all three in the Round-house. On the Monday after we went to Saltpetre-bank, and took Courtney, at the house of Mrs. Innis, according to the direction of the evidence Lee: I desired Courtney to tell the prosecutor where the the rest of the things were: he said, What do you mean that I should tell and be hanged? he would confess nothing.
Thoms Lee. On a Saturday night or Sunday morning early, Muckleroy and I went with a poker, to open Mr. Mullings's warehouse, having agreed so to do: I tried to break the hasp, but could not do it; so he took the poker and broke the hasp and padlock off: then we went in and brought out two beds. two warming pans, the copper full of tea-kettles and saucepans, and a looking-glass that we broke afterwards; there were three saucepans, three teakettles, two pannakins, a fire-shovel, poker and tongs, a dozen of plates, a brass sender, a brass lid of a pot; we had a light: these we carried away; we carried them away at twice each, and on Sunday night we carried them all to Fox-and-Knot-court, Snow-hill. On the Monday we were to meet Murphy; he came to our lodging on Tuesday evening, then we informed him how we came by these things: he agreed to take them to Saltpeter-bank, saying he could dispose of them there, and we were to have each an equal share of the money; we both told him they were advertised. The same night we took two beds and three brass candlesticks to Mrs Innis's; there 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Courtney 
               



             took two brass candlesticks out, and pawned them, and brought in two pots of beer with the money.
Q. Did he know how you came by them?
Lee. No, then he did not: we came home again that night, and Murphy and I sat up in Fox and Knot court, to black the pots and saucepans, to make them look as if they had been used. The next morning, we took the rest of the goods in a hamper and a bag, to Mrs. Innis's, and Courtney and his wife went about to some brokers, to see if they could sell part of them. Courtney brought a broker, and when he came, Courtney bid me go out at the door: after that, they said they sold the two beds for 12 s. after that his wife said it was but 9 s. Courtney carried one of the beds away to the broker's; Muckleroy was waiting for us at the Wheelwright's arms; there we went and divided the 12 s. Murphy told me that Courtney's wife had pawned one of the small pots, for 4 s. so we divided 16 s. we had liquor and victuals, which we all paid part towards. Then we went to Mrs. Innis's, in order to take the rest of the things to Mr. Kelley's house: Courtney said, nothing should be touched, saying, he had as much right to them as we had, and he struck Muckleroy. We came away, and Murphy went back to lie there: that same evening. Muckleroy and I carried the other goods to Kelley's: he looked at them, but did not like them: he lent us a couple of shillings, and said money was short with him, but if we came in the morning, we should have the money. In the morning, Muckleroy, Murphy, and I went there; he put us off till night, but we did not go that night. On the Saturday night, Murphy and I left Muckleroy's lodgings, and went to Mr. Kelley's, to take the goods away, or be paid: Murphy would go no farther than London-bridge and said he would wait there till I came. If I had brought the goods back, we were to carry them into Kent-street, but Mr. Kelley stopped me. Then I told them where to find Murphy, and went with them to London-bridge, where they took him, and carried him and I before Justice Welch. Mr. Welch granted a warrant to search Mrs. Innis's house, but they had taken care, to that none of the goods we left there could be found.
Q. to Prosecutor. Is this warehouse part of your dwelling-house?
Prosecutor. It joins to it.
Q. Is there a door goes out of your house into the warehouse, without going out into the street?
Prosecutor. No, there is not. There is only a door that opens into the street.
Muckleroy's Defence.
I have my landlord here, to prove I was at home that night: this is all done to swear away my life, for the reward.
For Muckleroy.


                  Charles 
                  Macartney 
               



            . I live in Short's-gardens. Muckleroy has lodged at my house two or three months.
Q. Did you ever see Lee at your house?
Macartney. I have.
Q. from Muckleroy. Whether I was not at home that night this fact is sworn to be done?
Macartney. I know he was in my house that night, and the next morning about 9 o'clock.
Q. What night was that?
Macartney. I hear it was about the 24th of March.
Q. What day of the week was it?
Macartney. I cannot say rightly what day of the week; it was on a Saturday night I think, but am not very sure: I saw him go to bed, and he lay in bed till 11 o'clock on the Sunday.
Q. What time did he go to bed?
Macartney. Between 10 and 11; my wife and I lie in the same room, in another bed.
Q. Where did Lee lodge?
Macartney. He lodged at my house; he in one room, and Muckleroy in another.
Q. How many weeks ago is this?
Macartney. I don't know. I know Muckleroy lay at home every night he lodged with me: I was at work at home (I am a piece of a taylor). I always saw him go to bed every night.
Q. Did you see Lee often?
Macartney. I did: he lodged with me about six weeks.
Q. Were Muckleroy and Lee much acquainted?
Macartney. I cannot say whether they were or not.


                  Bridget 
                  Ingram 
               



            . I never knew any thing of Muckleroy but goodness and honesty, all the days of my breath.


                  Eleanor 
                  Conder 
               



            . I have known him to work very hard for his bread.


                  Sarah 
                  Glyn 
               



            . I always looked upon him to be a very honest man.
Murphy's Defence.
I went to carry the goods to Kelly's house, at Lee's request, but did not know that they were stolen: he said they belonged to his aunt. I am but lately discharged from the army.
Courtney's Defence.
Murphy and Lee came to my father-in-law's house, about seven or eight at night; they asked me whether I could let them have a gallon of beer? Lee asked me if I could pawn some things that belonged to his aunt: I said, I could not: a woman there said she could. He gave her two candlesticks, and she went and pawned them, and they got some beer; that is all I know.
Muckleroy 


               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
Murphy and Courtney 

               Guilty
            . 



               T. 14
            .
