





504. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cunningham 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Shipley 
                  




                
            , Sept 5
.


                  Richard 
                  Shipley 
               



            . On last Saturday I went into Smithfield, to look at a horse at the stable at the Bear; I found he was sold; then I went to see the sea lion, as painted, where it was for a show; I believe I had not stood there above two or three minutes, when a gentleman stepped up to me, and asked me if I had lost any thing; I felt in my pocket, and said I had lost my handkerchief; then he pointed to the prisoner, who was walking with three others, and said that man had taken it; he was about 30 yards from us; I was unwilling to follow him; upon which another gentleman stepped up, and offered his assistance; then we all three went; he was secured by the gentleman that offered his assistance, named Mr. Ware.


                  William 
                  Ware 
               



            . Mr. West told the prosecutor he saw the prisoner pick his pocket; I said, if he chose to go after him, I would go and assist; we went all three, and overtook the prisoner by the hay-carts; he ran round the cart, and I ran the other way, and met him, and took him by the collar, and asked him if he had not a handkerchief that was not his own; he said he had just picked one up and delivered it to me; Mr. Shipley said it was his, and desired me to take it in my possession, which I have ever since; (produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Thomas 
                  West 
               



            . I was standing just behind Mr. Shipley; there were the prisoner and three others; the prisoner got quite close to Mr. Shipley; I saw him put his hand into Mr. Shipley's right-hand coat pocket, and take his handkerchief out; then they all four turned back, and went towards the hay-carts; I went and told Mr. Shipley; then Mr. Ware offered to go with us; we went; they perceived us coming after them; the other three ran down towards Cow-cross; the prisoner turned to go Long-lane way, and Mr. Ware stopped him; we challenged him with the handkerchief, and he produced it.

Prisoner's defence.
I found it lying at the end of a cart.


                  William 
                  Mead 
               



            . I have known him fourteen or fifteen years, and never heard any thing dishonest by him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
