





288. (M) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     James 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen shirt, ruffled, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Heyley 
                        



                      
                  ; one linnen shirt, ruffled, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Clark 
                        



                      
                  ; two dimity-robes, value 2 s. two dimity-skirts of a coat, value 1 s. and one pair of silk-stockings, value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cornhill 
                  



                
            , September 24
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I never saw the prisoner till the day before the things were stolen, which was the 23d of last month; they were stolen on the 24th.
Q. How came you to see him then?
E. Taylor. I saw him look over into our house; my mother lives at Hornsey, and takes in washing; she is very lame, and very hard of hearing; I fetch cloaths for her to wash, and carry them back again. About three in the afternoon, on the 24th of last month, we were drinking of tea, I heard the fall of something like a key; I went to the gate, and turning my head, missed the things mentioned; I ran and saw the head of a man, but he going down the hill, I lost sight of his head.
Q. Where were the things taken from?
E. Taylor. From off of a pair of chest of drawers; I had just ironed them; I called for help, and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Elison 
               



             and I were half an hour looking about for the man, knowing he could not be got far. At last we found the prisoner hid in a ditch, and all the things tied up in a handkerchief, and a hat laying by the things. He owned the hat to be his, and said, he thought the parcel was a quantity of apples, and that another man had given them to him. We found him but a very little way from my mother's house. [The things mentioned in the indictment produced, and deposed to as the property of their respective owners.]


                  John 
                  Abbot 
               



            . I am headborough, the prisoner was brought to me by Elison, the witness, and another person, and delivered into my charge. I took him to a justice of peace, and he was committed.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I came along by the side of the house, a man had got this bundle, tying it up in a handkerchief; he asked me if I would go along with him, and I should have half of what he had. I went with him, he went on the other side of the hedge, and so did I; he got away and left me with the bundle, and my own hat was left with it in the ditch.
Q. to E. Taylor. Did you see two men?
E. Taylor. No, I saw only the prisoner. Elison is servant to a gentleman, and is not come.



               Guilty
            .
Elison came before the prisoner was taken from the bar.




[Transportation. See summary.]


