





138. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Hughes 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 10 s. and a snuff-box made of tortoise-shell and silver, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joshua 
                     Arnold 
                  




                
            , Jan. 1
. ++


                  Sarah 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Joshua 
                  Arnold 
               



            , we live upon Tower-hill


, my husband is a watchmaker
; on the Tuesday before twelfth day I was fetching water and the door stood a jarre, the watch and box lay upon the shop-board; it wastaken away by somebody, I do not know who; I went to a pawnbroker, to desire if such a thing should be brought to stop it, and send to me; the prisoner after that was brought to my house; I saw the watch and box at Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, and know they are our property.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Gibbs 
               



            . The prisoner and I have been together a great many times a thieving; we were coming by this gentlewoman's house about six or seven in the evening, the door was shut; the prisoner said break the window, and take some of the watches; I said no, I could not do that, so I went in and took this watch and snuff-box; Hughes gave it to a man to sell it; he went, and what he did with it I cannot tell; after that we were both taken up.


                  Thomas 
                  Martin 
               



            . I was in an alehouse, the King of Prussia at Saltpetre-bank; the prisoner and evidence came in, they desired me to go and sell this watch for them for a guinea; I was advised not to sell it, but go and gave information against them; so I went to Mr. Brebrook and delivered the watch to him.


                  James 
                  Brebrook 
               



            . Last Tuesday night about seven o'clock Martin came to me, and said two boys named Gibbs and Hughes, had given him this watch and snuff-box to sell, and that they were upon Saltpetre-bank; I got assistance, and went and took them there, and took them before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , there they told the whole; Mr. Arnold came and swore to the watch and box, (produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of the watch and box.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him.
