





62. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Middleton 
                  , otherwise 
Hutchinson




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one stuff gown, value 6 d. one quilted petticoat, value 3 d. one bed-gown, value 3 d. one linen shirt, value 2 s. one woman's waistcoat, and one cheque apron
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hunt 
                  




                
            , Jan. 11
. ||


                  James 
                  Hunt 
               



            . I am a Smith
, and live in Peter-street, Cow-cross


. I was sitting reading below stairs last Sunday night, between eight and nine o' clock. I saw a woman go up stairs through a pane of glass. My wife was asleep on the bed; she got up, and called out, she was robbed, and that there was a woman just gone out. I went out, and got intelligence of the person, which was the prisoner at the bar. She was taken with the shirt upon her.
Mrs. Hunt. I went to sleep, and found something touch my foot. I thought it was my husband, and said, James have you no light? There was no answer. I got up, and threw the curtain by, and saw a woman go down stairs. Then I bounced out of bed, and found I had not a rag to put on. I called to my husband, and told him I had been been robbed.


                  Robert 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I live in Mr. Hunt's house. I heard Mrs. Hunt call out, she was robbed. I went down stairs, and he and I went in pursuit. We were told by a woman who saw the prisoner go away, who she was. We met with the prisoner; she had the shirt upon her, and we found the other things at her lodging. [Produced in court, and deposed to].
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been at Clare-market. I was coming home, and met a woman in Peter-street at a door, with a candle in her hand. I was very much in liquor. She desired me to hold the candle while she went up stairs. I did, and I staid several minutes there. She desired me to hold the things in my lap; but, she not coming again according to her promise I went to her lodgings, and came down stairs again with the shirt in my lap to see if I could find the woman that owned the things. The men laid hold of me, and said I had been robbing them. I said I was not guilty of any such thing. I delivered up the things directly. I never was up in the room in my life.
Q. to Williamson. Did she tell you how she came by the things?
Williamson. No, she did not; but said she had them very safe.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


