





359. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Conkin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two saddles, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Newport 
                  




                
            , March 20
. +


                  John 
                  Newport 
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-lane


, and am a coach-master and stable-keeper
. About the beginning of last April, I lost two saddles from out of my stables: the prisoner was stopped with another saddle, not mine, and taken before the justice and committed; I went to him in the Gatehouse; there he confessed to me he had sold one of mine, to Mr. Perkin, a saddler, in Piccadilly. I had an account by my saddler, that the other saddle was sold to Mr. Mussen, in Piccadilly, near the White-Bear; (two saddles produced in court): these are the two saddles; they are marked with my own name.
Mr. Mussen. I cannot positively swear to the prisoner, but I believe by his tongue he is the man that came to me, and said his master had given him a good second-hand saddle, because it was too small for his horse, and hurt him; and he gave him orders to bespeak a new one, and desired me to meet him on Friday morning, at the George, to take measure of his horse, and said, then I should have farther directions about makeing the saddle. I asked him his name? he said his name was Hodge; I gave him 13 s. for this, and I was to go very early, he said, or his master would be gone out. On the Monday morning, I sent my apprentice, but there was no such man to be found. In about a week after, I was sent for, being a constable, to take charge of a man that was stopped on suspicion of stealing a saddle: I went and took charge of the prisoner at the bar: the prisoner confessed before Justice Wright to the stealing some saddles, but he denied that he stole this.


                  John 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I live with Mr. Mussen: the prisoner is the man that brought the saddle to our house; I am certain he is the man.


                  James 
                  Perkin 
               



            . I am a saddler. The prisoner brought a saddle to our house, about a month ago; this is it: (taking one in his hand.)
Prisoner's Defence.
He says it is about a month ago; it is longer.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There were two other indictments against him for stealing of saddles.
