





142. (M.) 
               
                  Ann, Wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Plateman 
                     



                  , otherwise, 
                        
Ann Ash
                     , widow



            , was indicted for 


               stealing two linnen sheets, value 2 s. two pillow-biers, value 1 s. two child's linnen gowns, value 1 s. one child's laced cap, value 6 d. one child's sattin robe, one pair of child's stays, one silk and cotton handkerchief, one pair of worsted stockings, one pair of leather pumps, one pair of silver clasps, three linnen shirts, one check'd apron, and one linnen cloth
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Scott 
                  




                
            , March 23
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Scott 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Scott 
               



            , he is a butcher
. I lost every thing mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner was my servant
.
Q. How long had she been your servant?
E. Scott. About six weeks.
Q. Do you know who took them?
E. Scott. I have reason to think she did, because she confessed it. The first thing I missed, was a shirt, and a shift-body; I charged her with taking them, she owned it directly, and the other things she mentioned of herself; and said, she had pawned them to Mr. Brice in Clare-market, and others she owned to in New-prison. She owned the taking them before justice Fielding. Also, all except these, she recollected in prison.


                  Christopher 
                  Day 
               



            . I am a pawn-broker (he produced a parcel of goods) here are all the things mentioned in the indictment, except the apron.
Q. How came you by them?
Day. The prisoner at the bar brought them to our house, I took in some of them of her myself.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Look at these things.
Prosecutrix. I have seen them all, they are my property.
Q. to Day In whose name did the prisoner pawn these things?
Day In the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Ash 
               



            . Some my master took in, but she brought them.
Q. What is your master's name?
Day. His name is Brice.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never was guilty before, I hope the court will be favourable to me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


