





2. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Rogan 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted, for 


               stealing 18 pounds wt. of horse-hair, value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Slim 
                  




                
            , October 2
. +


                  Eleanor 
                  Hansley 
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Slim 
               



            ; he is out of Town; we live in Golden Lane


; he is a horse-hair weaver
; the warehouse is in the back yard; he sells goods in it. I was sitting in the back parlour, about five in the evening, on the 2d of October; the apprentice told me the prisoner was in the warehouse; we went and met her coming out of the cellar up into the street; the way through that cellar goes to the warehouse; I took hold of her, when on the last step; she had 18 pounds of horse-hair in her apron, which she was going to drop; I asked her how she came by it? she said she found it in the cellar; and was going to bring it up. She had worked for us, but not lately.


                  Sarah 
                  Bourn 
               



            . I work for the prosecutor; I saw the prisoner go into the warehouse, and in about two or three minutes, I saw her go out again; but I could only see her upper part, so did not see what she had got. (The hair produced, and deposed to as the prosecutor's property).
Prisoner's Defence.
I went in for some work, and trod upon something; I put it in my lap to bring to my master.
E. Hansley. Mr. Slim had told her he would give her work again, but she had not received it; she was to weave girth web; but this was long hair, not proper for that work.



               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the warehouse
            . 


               T
            .
