





523. (M.) 
               
                  Lyon 
                  Smith 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one half guinea, and thirty-five shillings in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gittos 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said John
            , September 25
. ||


                  John 
                  Gittos 
               



            . I keep a public-house
 in Thomas's-street, Drury-lane


. On the 25th of last month, I went into the city in the morning, and came home about twelve in the day; (the prisoner was my servant): after dinner, my wife went up stairs to clean herself, and came down, and said she found my bureau open. I went up, and found it so; I sent for the constable to examine my servants; the prisoner denied knowing any thing of the matter: I suspected him, and desired the constable to take him to the round-house: when he was going to take him away, he owned the fact, and said he had taken so much money, and hid it in the cellar; I went down with him, and he shewed me where it was.
Q. What money did you lose?
Gittos. I cannot tell.


                  John 
                  Hendrick 
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to the prosecutor's; he said he had a suspicion he had been robbed by some of his servants: when he began to accuse the prisoner, he said he knew nothing of the matter. I said, you have two other servants, search them all, and their boxes; that was agreed upon; the woman searched the women and boxes, but nothing was found: the prisoner said he would make the prosecutor smart for what he had done, in accusing him. The prosecutor asked the prisoner what he had done with the green purse he used to have? the prisoner said, he having no occasion for it, had sold it for 3 d. that morning. Mr. Gittos said, he believed the purse and his money were some where in the house; he believed it must be in the cellar. At last the prisoner said, D - n it, if you hang me, I don't care; I'll tell you where the money is, if you'll go down into the cellar; so we went down with him; he delivered to me this green purse and this money in it. It was hid behind some old boards. (Produced in court.)
Prosecutor. I saw the prisoner deliver the purse and money to Mr. Hendrick.
Hendrick. There was in the purse 1 l. 14 s. two sixpences and a few half-pence. He said it was all his master's money, except the halfpence.
Q. Whose purse was it?
Prosecutor. It is the prisoner's purse.
Q. Where did he say he took the money from?
Hendrick. He said he took it out of his master's bureau, in his bedchamber.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            



               T
            .
