





236. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Christian 
                     Hays 
                  , otherwise 
Trail




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Groves 
                  




                
            , February 20
. +


                  Richard 
                  Groves 
               



            . On the 20th of February, I suspected two young men of robbing me of my watch: I took them up, and they were in gaol five weeks; I advertised the watch. After that, Mr. Brooks brought the prisoner to me, about a month after I lost it; he can give a farther account of it.


                  John 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I live on Ludgate-hill. A woman brought me a watch to pledge for a guinea; she did not appear to be the right owner; she said it was not her property, but the property of a woman that stood in the street: she went out, and brought in the woman at the bar: I took her, according to the advertisement, to the prosecutor; (The watch produced) this is the watch that the prisoner said was her property.
Groves. This is a watch that was brought to me to be cleaned; the prisoner was my servant
 to the time she was brought by Mr. Brooks; she had lived with me about three months.
Prisoner's Defence.
A person told me that watch was her husband's, and desired me to pawn it: I sent another woman, named 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            , to pawn it; she came back, and said it was stopped.
She called the Rev. Mr. 
               
                  David 
                  Mure 
               



            , and 
               
                  David 
                  Forbes 
               



            , who had known her from her infancy; 
               
                  John 
                  Gray 
               



            , with whom she lived three months, and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Frazier 
               



            , with whom she lived about the same quantity of time, who all gave her a very good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            . 
