





265. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brooks 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing an hundred pounds weight of lead, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        Mary Church 
                        Callen 
                     




                  , the same being fixed to a certain brick building, did rip, steal, take, and carry it away
            , March 3
. +
Mary Church Callen. The building from whence the lead was taken belongs to me; I had frequently lost lead, so I set Hildey to watch.


                  Charles 
                  Hildey 
               



            . I was set to watch this building of Mr. Callen's; I saw two men in company, one of them went up and threw the lead down, then he came down; they parted it, and took up each some, and were going away with it; I went after them, then they threw it down, and I took the prisoner, who was one of them, the other got away; this was on the third of March, about one in the morning; I took the prisoner to the watch-house; he was taken before the Justice, and sent to Clerkenwell Bridewell; there was upwards of an hundred weight of the lead.


                  Robert 
                  Beck 
               



            . After Hildey had taken the prisoner, he called for assistance, he had the prisoner by the collar; we took him to the place where he had dropped the lead, which was about 20 yards from the building; he denied knowing any thing of it.
Prisoner's defence.
I am a tobacco-cutter; I was out of business, I took to do any jobs; we had been to the brickfields at Hoxton; coming by, I heard a sort of a bustle; said this man, if you stir, I'll shoot you dead; said I, what have I done; he said, I must go along with him; he took me by the collar, and struck me three or four times in the face; he took me to his master's, then to the watch-house; they said I had robbed him several times; I never meddled with the lead.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
