





301. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Cuttler 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one leather pocket-book, value 6 d. in which were six bank notes; one for 40 l. two for 15 l. each, two for 20 l. each, and one for 10 l
            . the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Milward 
                  




                
            , February 14
. +


                  John 
                  Milward 
               



            . On the 14th of February, I missed my pocket-book; I had no suspicion of the prisoner, till the 10th of March; he lived with me, and looked after a couple of horses.
Q. What are you?
Milward. I am a meal-man and corn-factor
. I had no suspicion of the prisoner, till after I had paid the reward. I had advertised ten guineas reward; and after that, twenty: then Richard Britton came and brought the pocket-book to me, by whom I learned the prisoner at the bar had taken it: and after that, the prisoner, upon being examined, owned to me how he got it. At first, he said he found it in a tub, in the stable; but at last he owned he took it out of my house. I know I had it on the 13th of February, at night.


                  James 
                  Britton 
               



            . The prisoner brought the pocket book to me, on the 23d of February, and told me he had found his master's pocket-book, in the Malt-house-yard, and thought he had a right to the reward; he asked me to take it to his master? I said I would not: then he asked me if I had any friend that would? I said I had a brother: we carried it to him, and he went with me.
Q. What are you?
J. Britton. I am a barber. We told him, we heard it was advertised 10 guineas reward, and if he would carry it, he should have all that was above half a guinea, and if not, he should have a guinea for his trouble.


                  John 
                  Tealing 
               



            . On the 10th of March Mr. Milward heard of his pocket-book; he being very ill in his room, sent for me, and said, he believed he had found the thief that stole his pocket-book, and sent for the prisoner up. He said he found it on the 14th of February, about seven at night, in the malting yard. I said, I believe you tell a story; you could not find it there, for your master was with me that night till eight o'clock; you had better tell the truth. Then he cry'd, and said to his master, I went into the parlour to brush your great coat, and, by brushing it, the book fell out of the pocket. I said, Why did you not put it where it was before? to which he made no answer.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you hear this his confession?
Prosecutor. I was very ill, and did not give attention, as there were other people in the room.


                  Richard 
                  Britton 
               



            . I brought the pocket-book to the Talbot-Inn, according to the advertisement.
Q. Who did you receive it of?
Britton. I received it of the prisoner at the bar. (The book produced.) This is the book. I looked in it the next morning; there were six bank notes in it, to the value of 120 l.
Q. to Prosecutor. What notes were there in this book when you lost it?
Prosecutor. There were one note of 40 l. two of 20 l. two of 15 l. and one of 10 l.
Prisoner's Defence:
I found the book in a tub.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            . 
