





53. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Cordall 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one linen sheet, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Bates 
                  




                
            , December 11
. ||


                  Ann 
                  Bates 
               



            . I live in Drury-Lane


, and the prisoner came to lodge at my house.
Q. How long had she lodged at your house?
A. Bates. About there weeks; I lost a sheet.
Q. Did you lose it out of the prisoner's lodgingroom?

A. Bates. No, I did not, but out of another room below stairs, at a time when there was nobody in the house but herself; after she was gone I directly went up stairs to look upon my beds, and missed a sheet, so I went out to enquire for her. I saw 
               
                  Charles 
                  Jones 
               



             in Drury-Lane, and enquired of him; he directed me up an alley; we found she was housed; he went into one house and I another; he found her, and I went up after him. She had drop'd the sheet on the landing-place on the stairs. We secured her, and took her before justice Welch, where she was charged with stealing the sheet, and she owned that she did steal it (the sheet produced in court and deposed to.)
Q. What do you value it at?
A. Bates. I value it at 10 d.


                  Charles 
                  Jones 
               



            . I was by the Red-Lion door, in Drury-Lane, when the prosecutrix came and asked me if I saw a tall woman come that way, for she had stole a sheet. I said she is gone into one of the houses in Short's Gardens. She went into one house and I into another, and presently the prosecutrix came after me. We found the sheet on the landing-place, up two pair of stairs and the prisoner in the room above. When we came before justice Welch, she owned she took the sheet.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never was before a justice in my life, I was frighted and did not know what I said; I have no friends, that know any thing of my being in trouble.




               Guilty, 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


