





235. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Tooley 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 8 s. and one silver watch, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Trappel 
                  




                
            , February 13
. ++


                  William 
                  Trappel 
               



            . I live in Hide-Street, Bloomsbury


; my wife was big with child; the prisoner being out of bread, She came to lodge at our house; she was to look after my wife in her lying in, for her victuals and lodging: when she had been at our house the third night, my wife was brought to bed about two in the morning; and about nine that evening I hung my watch up over the mantle-piece, to let her know what time she was to give my wife her stuff: I was gone to lie down; my buckles were in my shoes under a bed, in the same room: I fell asleep; when I awaked, my wife called out for something: I got up and miss'd the prisoner, my watch, and buckles out of my shoes: I found the door left open: I could hear nothing of her for three weeks ; I was speaking to an acquaintance of it; he said he could tell me where she lived: I went and got a warrant at Mr. Welch's, and went and found her in the country, about five miles from Hyde Park: we brought her to town; she seemed to be very bold; and said she had not meddled with it: all she said was, she did not like to stay at our house. She was put into the round-house that night; and the next morning, before the Justice, she said she was in liquor, and was very sorry for what she had done: she said she had taken the watch, and pawned it in Leicester-street; and had sold the buckles, where I sent and found them.


                  William 
                  Vaughan 
               



            . The prisoner sold the buckles to me, and pledged the watch with me; she said her husband was going on board a ship, and wanted money: she had a woman with her who said the same.
Prisoner's Defence.
There was another person with me at the taking the things; she shewed me where to pawn them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
