





233. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Byne 
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Causton 
                        




                      
                  , on the 6th of March
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing two silver salts, value 20 s. three silver tablespoons, value 15 s. one silver tea spoon, value 12 d. four mourning gold rings, value 20 s. one Bristolstone girdle buckle, value 2 d. the property of the said Charles, in the dwellinghouse of the said Charles
            . *


                  Charles 
                  Causton 
               



            . I live at Highgate


. On the 6th of March my servant went down stairs and found my house was broke open; he immediately came and told me of it: this was about six in the morning. I found it as he had said, I went into my study, and found all my drawers taken out. There were several mourning rings, medals, and things missing. I mist two silver spoons and two silver salts from out of the parlour, and one silver spoon from out of the pantry. I mist also a tea spoon. I thought this must have been done by a workman. I suspected the prisoner, and upon inquiring, found he had been seen with a great deal of money, gold pieces, and medals that he knew nothing of the value of. I applied to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and told him what he had heard. He ordered me to prosecute the prisoner upon circumstantial evidence, but since than I have found where the prisoner lodged, which was at a place called the Tent in St. Thomas's, Southwark. I went there to inquire, and was told a person that answered the description had taken a lodging there; and that there was a trunk locked up in a drawer: the prisoner was then in New Prison. His landlady, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Parker 
               



            , said, she would go with me to New Prison, and, if it was her lodger, she would have no objection to my opening the trunk. I sealed up the drawer, and agreed to come to her the next morning to go with her; which I did. When she saw the prisoner, she said, That was the man. I asked him concerning the trunk at her house, he said he knew nothing of it, but that it was given him by a journeyman carpenter, whom he did not know where to find. I went back, and got a warrant from the bench of justices at St. Margaret's Hill, and opened the trunk, in the presence of Crisp the constable. I found in it three silver table spoons, two of them with crests, and one with no mark. The rings with the mottoes on them, and a bag of medals, such as I had lost. The medals I do not swear to, there may be others like them. I sealed them up in the bag.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Causton. He is a carpenter
. He worked in my house near four months. He was employed by a person that built my house, and being a good workman, I employed him since.


                  Robert 
                  Sherry 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Causton. I came down stairs on the 6th of March and found the house broke open.
Q. Was it light or dark then?
Sherry. It was very light. I found the house all open, which I had shut with my own hands. Two bolts were slipt back on the hall door. There were two silver salts, and three silver table spoons, and a tea spoon, all gone.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Crisp 
               



            . I am a constable. (The medals and things mentioned in the indictment produced in court.) I saw these things taken out of the trunk, which was in a drawer in Mrs. Parker's house. (A small leather trunk produced.) This is the trunk. I had a locket produced to me by 
               
                  Ann 
                  White 
               



            , who said the prisoner had given it to her.
Prosecutor. The rings I know to be mine by the mottoes on them. There were a great many gold coins, none of which are found.
Sherry. I know this plate here to be my master the prosecutor's property.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Parker 
               



            . I live in St. Thomas's, Southwark, in a place they call the Tent, near St. Thomas's hospital.
Crisp. The right name of the place is the Tenter, having, as is supposed, been a tenter ground.
Parker. The prisoner came and took a lodging of me. He came the 7th of March, and staid but eight nights. He brought this trunk in his hand, put it in a drawer, locked the drawer, and took the key with him. He behaved himself very civil with me. He had been gone to prison eight days before I heard of him; then Mr. Causton came to me, and I went with him to see the prisoner in New Prison, and found him to be the same that took the lodging of me.
Q. Did he deliver the key to you?
Parker. No, he did not, he said he had lost it.


                  Ralph 
                  Ardine 
               



            . I am a lodger at Mrs. Walker's. The prosecutor got a smith, who opened the drawers. There was this little red trunk in it. In it was some medals and plate, and two or three lockets. I saw the prisoner give 
               
                  Ann 
                  White 
               



             a locket at Mrs. Parker's. I think it was on the 8th of March. I saw her deliver it to Mr. Caustin, it had a large stone set in gold, and some writing upon it.
Prosecutor. I have the fellow to it in the bag of medals. I am certain it is mine, the writing is when a relation of mine was born. It is Th. C. born 1st Feb. 1694-5.


                  Mary 
                  Greillam 
               



            . I am daughter to Mrs. Parker. On the 7th of March the prisoner came and took a lodging at Mrs. Parker's, deposited this trunk in a drawer, locked it up, and took the key away. I saw him one evening open the trunk, but did not look in it; he stood before it. I was by when he gave this locket to 
               
                  Ann 
                  White 
               



            . I saw the writing upon it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am innocent of the house being broke open. I had nothing but what was concealed in the box, and did not know what they were. The box was delivered to me by a young fellow, a carpenter. I know him vastly well; but do not know his name.
To his Character.


                  William 
                  Humphry 
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Holborn. The prisoner was a journeyman of mine. He came to work for me the 3d of November, and worked for me till the 28th of January; he behaved very well, and was very diligent.


                  Thomas 
                  Alderslade 
               



            . I keep the sign of the Wheatsheaf, a public house: during the time he worked for Mr. Humphry's, he was paid at my house: he behaved very sober.


                  William 
                  Whitworth 
               



            . I keep a public house at Hackney; the prisoner used my house. I have known him two years and a half. He pulled out two medals at my house. I did not know the value of them. I thought one was a two guinea piece, till I took it in my hand. He said he took one of them for a guinea. I never knew him to drink to excess.


                  John 
                  Blackwell 
               



            . I have know him three years: during which time he behaved well.
Q. Did you ever see him with any medals?
Blackwell. No, I never did.


                  Samuel 
                  Standing 
               



            . I have known him eleven years: his character has been very good ever since I knew him.




               Guilty of stealing 35 s.
            



               T
            .
