





220. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Cooper 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a feather bed, value 11 s. a linen sheet, value 3 s. a woollen blanket, value 5 s. two prints with wooden frames, value 9 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bearby 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging room lett by contract
            , &c. March 14
. +


                  William 
                  Bearby 
               



            . I live in Queen-street, Seven Dials; I lett the prisoner a ready furnished lodging, on or about the 9th of March; after that Mr. Pickering came and told me I was robb'd, and he had got the thief in the Round-house. I went there; I saw the prisoner. I ask'd him for the key of the room; then I went and look'd in it, and missed the things laid in the indictment: the prisoner own'd he had taken them, and went with me and the constable to the house where he had pawn'd the blanket and sheet; we brought them to the Justice (this was the 16th of March) then we went to another place for the pictures.


                  Thomas 
                  Pickering 
               



            . I keep a broker's and cloath's-shop; the prisoner brought the bed to me on the Saturday, I was afraid he had stole it; I went after him and took him to the Round-house, there he confessed he had stole it. Then I went to the prosecutor and told him of it; he has seen it since and own'd it.


                  Mary 
                  Badger 
               



             deposed the prisoner brought the blanket and sheet, and she lent him some money upon them; and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Flight 
               



             deposed he brought the 2 pictures to him.
Prisoner's defence.
I am an attorney's clerk
; I certainly did take the things, and pledged them to these people. My wife was big with child, and is since starved to death.
He called 
               
                  William 
                  Backhouse 
               



            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Holmes 
               



            , and 
               
                  Roger 
                  Berry 
               



            , who gave him a good character, exclusive of this affair.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
