





299. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel
                      M'Daniel
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve yards of woollen cloth, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Philips 
                  




                
            , June 2
. *


                  William 
                  Martin 
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Philips, a woollen-draper
 in Bear-street


. Last Tuesday about five in the afternoon, I was stooping down to get some chips to light the fire; when I looked up I saw the prisoner at the door going out, I did not see him come in; thinking he had taken something from the shop, I missed a piece of cloth from the counter; I followed him, and saw him with it under his arm; he ran, and I after him, and called, stop thief; he ran round into the next street, there he dropped the piece; I took it up; the mob ran after him and caught him, and brought him back to our shop. I asked him how he could go to do such a thing, he seemed very much in liquor. (The cloth produced and deposed to)


                  William 
                  Caddey 
               



            . I live facing Mr. Philips's. I saw the prisoner with the cloth under his arm, walking as fast as he could walk; the evidence came after him, and called stop thief; he then ran, and I ran after him; he dropped the cloth; Mr. Martin took that up; I followed the prisoner; he was stopped; I went up to him, he seemed very full of liquor; we brought him back, and he was committed.
Prisoner's defence.
I am ignorant of the crime laid to my charge. I happened of a friend that came from Scotland; I went to an alehouse with him and drank, and sometime after I was in prison, I did not know what was come to me. I am a soldier in the 3d regiment of guards
.
To his character.


                  James 
                  Earle 
               



            . The prisoner has a very good character as a soldier, as clean a man as any in the company. I know nothing as to his honesty.
Q. to Caddey. Was the soldier in his soldier's dress?
Caddey. He was not, he was dressed as he is now.


                  Samuel 
                  Morris 
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me nine months; he is a quiet hard working man in any labouring work; he had been drinking vastly that day; I never heard any thing to his dishonesty.


                  Catharine 
                  Cossel 
               



            . I have known him six or eight months; I never was more surprized in my life, than when I heard of this unfortunate affair; I am sure it was owing to liquor.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
