





144. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smallman 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 300 lb. weight of flint-glass, called cullet, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Guest 
                        



                      
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Guest 
                        



                      
                  , privately in their warehouse
            , February 7
. *


                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            . My father and I are partners in the china and glass way

; we live in St. John's street. On Tuesday, the 7th of this month, I went into the warehouse to see if the men had done work, between 7 and 8 o'clock; it was dark; I hit my elbow against part of the prisoner's body: He was a yearly servant
 in my father's house, (I do not live there) to porter out goods, and to do business in the warehouse: He was in the bin, which is at one corner of the warehouse, where we keep our cullet, (that is broken glass.) The other servants had left work. I cry'd, Hollo, Who is there? He said, It is I, master; I said, What are you doing there? he answered, he was looking for an old shoe; I said, What have you done with your candle? He said. it was dropt down in the bin: I ran int o the kitchen and fetched a candle, and found him in the same position; and opposite to where he stood was a parcel of glass in a sack, about three quarters of a hundred weight; we sell it at seventeen shillings a hundred weight; he said he did not know how the sack came there. After he was gone, I went and made a chalk mark on the sack, and my mother stuck a pin in it; I then went to the next house; my father came home; I immediately told him what I had seen; we went to the warehouse, and the sack was taken away; I fetched a constable; we hunted about for the sack for a considerable time; at last we found it hid under the cellar-stairs; the chalk mark had been in part rubbed out; the pin remained in it; we challenged him with putting that glass in the sack; he would not own it. The prisoner had sold us 221 lb. weight of cullet; we asked him how he came by that? He said he bought it at an old iron shop in St. Giles's; I and the constable went with him to the place in a coach, but the people declared they never saw him in their lives; coming back, he confessed the whole affair in the coach; he said he used to take it out of the Bin by a little at a time, and carry it to our stable in St. John's square, till he made up that quantity. He sold us three parcels more, one on the 11th of November, the other the 18th, and the other in December: He acknowledged they were all our own property.
Q. Do you sell goods in your warehouse?


                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            . We do daily; that is backwards, and our shop is forwards.


                  Thomas 
                  Fisher 
               



            , the constable, confirmed that of the prisoner's confession in the coach.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into the warehouse for a pair of shoes, to clean them, with a candle in my hand; finding one upon the cullet, I looked for the other, and my candle fell out of the candlestick; master coming and finding me in the dark, suspected I was doing what I should not: As to the sack I am innocent of that: What I went into the cellar for, was, at the maid's desire, to tap the beer just before supper.




               Guilty 4 s.
            



               T
            .
