





420. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Radley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of silver buckles, set with stones, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Clark 
                  




                
            , July 23
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Clark 
               



            . I am a hardware man
, and live in Cheapside


. About the 22 d or 23d of July, in the morning, the prisoner came to my shop, to ask charity; I gave him some relief after he was gone, I missed two pair of silver buckles, set with stones, from off the counter near the door; he came to the stairs to me, about the middle of the shop, and hearing a strange voice, I came down. Mr. Johnson brought me one pair of them two or three hours after. I knew them to be one of the pair missing. I went before a magistrate, and swore to them; there was the prisoner. I knew him to be the man that asked charity of me; he said he found them.


                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I was standing in Cheapside, opposite Mercer's chapel. Mr. Bodker came and said he believed the prisoner had stole some buckles, he having offered some to sale; he had been and offered a pair to Mr. Crew: I took hold of him, and he had one buckle in his hand: we took him to Mr. Crew's shop; he had stopped one buckle, which he delivered to me. I put him in the Compter, and went up Cornhill, on the right hand, to all the shops, but took the wrong side; when I came to Mr. Clark's, he said, he had been looking about for them, and owned them. The prisoner said he found them in St. Paul's church yard: he said he had given the other pair away.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am sorry for it, for I was not in my senses when I did it.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            



               T
            .
There was another indictment against him for a single felony.
