





550. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Smith 
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve silver tea-spoons, value 20 s. one pair of paste shoe-buckles set in silver, value 18 s. one dog-skin instrument case, with instruments therein, as silver bow-scissars, a penknife, a pair of steel knippers, &c. one fish-skin pencil-case, mounted with gold, a pair of cornelian sleeve-buttons, and two gold rings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Mallison 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said Thomas
            , October 31
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Mallison 
               



            . I am a goldsmith
, and live in Cornhill


. The prisoner was my errand-boy
. About a month last Monday he was gone out, and was accused with another offence and brought back to my house, into my counting-house, where he was searched, and an etwee-case and a gold pencil-case were found upon him. He then confessed he had in one of his boxes up stairs two dozen of silver tea-spoons. The box was brought down; there we found them; and a pair of cornelian sleeve-buttons, with a pair of stone buckles, were taken out of his coat pocket that was in one of his boxes; also two gold rings were in one of his boxes.
(Produced in court, and deposed to.)



                  Thomas 
                  Branston 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. Those things are his property; I know them by often seeing them, as well as by our private mark on the spoons. I was present when some things were found; some upon the prisoner, and some in his box.
Q. How old is the prisoner?
Branston. He is about fifteen or sixteen years of age.
Prisoner's Defence.
I saw the things lying about, and I took them up.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
