





29. (L.) 
               
                  Robert 
                  Evans 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one pewter quart pot, value 18 d. and one quart of strong beer, called porter, val. 3 d 1/2 and 2 s. 2 d. 1/2 in moneys, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Pocock 
                  




                
            , widow
. Oct. 19
. *


                  Elizabeth 
                  Pocock 
               



            . I keep the Cock and Wool-pack
, in Finch-lane


: my servant, 
               
                  John 
                  Rolf 
               



            , told me, a man had ordered a pot of porter, and change for half a crown, to be carried to Mr. Barker's, a shoemaker, in Finch-lane, which I sent by Rolf: he came back again; and the prisoner, with the pot, were brought in, in less than a quarter of an hour; he was search'd, but no money found upon him. He said he had hit his hand against a post, and the money flew out of his hand: he acknowledged, he was guilty of the charge; he was taken to Guildhall, and before Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rawlinson 
               



            , he said he did it, because he had no money.


                  John 
                  Rolf 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Pocock; the prisoner came into the house, and said, he wanted a pot of porter, and change for half a crown; to be carried to Mr. Barker's, a shoemaker, over the way. He then went out again. I carried a pot of porter, and 2 s. 2 d. 1/2 as he ordered; there was the prisoner at the door; he took the beer and change out of my hand, and said he was going in there, and bid me go back for another pot. I asked the shoemaker if the beer was to come there? he said no, he knew nothing of it. While I was talking to him, the prisoner was running away with the beer and money; then I went directly after him; he ran round the corner, and I after him, calling, Stop thief: Mr. Rogers stopped him. The prisoner put the beer down at the corner of the street; as we were coming back with the prisoner, there I saw it. The prisoner confess'd he bit his hand against a post, and knocked the money out of his hand.


                  Samuel 
                  Rogers 
               



            . I was going from the 'Change on the 19th of October: I heard the cry Stop thief, Stop thief, by three or four voices: I saw the prisoner come running down; he himself cried out, Stop thief. I stopt him immediately: after that, 
               
                  Rolf
               


             the boy, and three or four men came up. Said I, what has this man done? the boy said he had ran away with a pot of beer, and change for half a crown: I asked the boy where he lived? he said, at the Cock and Wool-pack. I said, perhaps the man has thrown the money away at the corner of Finch-lane; we found the pot under a boxmaker's window, about half full of beer. We took him to the shoemaker's shop: the shoemaker said, the prisoner was the man that had the full pot of beer. Then we carried him to Mrs. Pocock; he was searched, but no money found upon him; presently he confessed he had taken the change, and pot of beer. I asked him how he could do such a pitiful trick? his answer was, I am necessitated; I have taken 27 guineas since I came from sea, which is about three weeks ago, and have not a farthing left.
Prisoner's Defence.
Coming through Aldersgate-street, I and two or three more of my ship-mates had some beer together. I ordered a pot of beer to Mr. Barker's, having half a crown in my pocket when I left my company in Leadenhall street; when the boy brought it, I ordered another pot of beer, and finding I had not the half crown, I said I must go and get some money: I put the pot down, and was going, and they pursued me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
