





236. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Solomon 
                     Levi 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lutwyche 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John Henry 
                     Vere 
                  



               
            , March 29
. ++
The prisoner being a foreigner, an interpreter was sworn.


                  William 
                  Lutwyche 
               



            . My partner

 is 
               
                  John Henry 
                  Vere 
               



            ; we are goldsmiths and jewellers

. On Saturday the 29th of March, the prisoner was standing at our shew-glasses, about dusk: he came in, and desired me to take out a pair of silver shoe-buckles. While I was weighing them, he put a pair unperceived into his pocket. By the price he bid, I found he had no intention to buy. My partner came in, and then we missed a large pair of silver buckles, which we had weighed a little before for a customer. He ran one way, and I another: I light of the prisoner in Fenchurch-street. I took him by the collar, and said he must come back along with me. He began to struggle with me; I got assistance, and got him into my shop, and sent for a constable. Before the constable came, I desired to know what he had in his pocket: he pulled out our pair, with 2 other pairs not ours. The constable came and searched him, and found 4 silk handkerchiefs concealed in his waistcoat, all of a piece, and a pair of worsted stockings on the other side. He was taken to the Compter. I advertised the things; no body has claimed them. (The buckles produced, and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
I brought the handkerchiefs from Holland. I went into this shop, and asked the price of a pair of buckles; he asked 5 s. an ounce for them. I pulled out a pair of buckles from my pocket, and told him I bought them cheaper than that. We could not agree. I put my buckles by my side, and mixed his among them. I went after that into another silversmith's shop and knew I had but 2 pair about me; and when I came to pull them out, I found 3 pair. I wanted to go to the gentleman's house, to deliver them back, and I could not find it.
Q. to prosecutor. Did he produced any buckles to you?
Prosecutor. No, he did not.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
