





209. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Williams 
                  , otherwise 
Godson




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one livery great coat, value 5 s. one other great coat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Offare 
                  




                
            , June 1
.~


                  Samuel 
                  Lavington 
               



            . I was servant to Mr Offare at Chelsea, I drove him in his own coach to the play: as I was in Prince's street with the coach, about ten o'clock at night the two coats mentioned in the indictment were in the coach, and the door shut. I was standing fronting the horses heads, the prisoner had got his body in the coach, on the off-side, and had got the two coats in his arms, but in pulling the coach-door open he moved the coach a little. I went up to him, he did not see me; as he had the coats in his arms, I took him by the collar, and called out for help; he dropped the coats in the dirt, we carried him and the coats to Mr. Fielding, and charged him with taking them.
Q. What did he say for himself?
Lavington. He said he knew nothing of the coats; one of them belongs to Mr. Offare, the other is the footman's.


                  James 
                  Lawrance 
               



            . I am a coachman, and was near the coach that was robb'd. I saw the coats laying on the ground after Mr. Lavington had taken hold of the prisoner; one coat was the footman's, and the other his master's; they are both the property of the gentleman; had the footman had his coat two years it would have been his own, but he had not had it the time.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am as innocent as your lordship in this matter.
To his Character.


                  Samuel 
                  Woodhouse 
               



            . I live in Cow-cross, I have known the prisoner six or seven months.
Q. What is his general character?
Woodhouse. I know nothing of him, but that he has a good character; he has been a journeyman and master, I always heard that he was an honest man.


                  Joseph 
                  Waters 
               



            . I live in Long lane, I am a clock-maker, I have known him about two years, during which time I have had a very good character of him.


                  Charles 
                  Uskinson 
               



            . I live in Cow-cross, I have known the prisoner upwards of four years, I am his next door neighbour, I believe him to be a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Delany 
               



            . I have known him about 11 or 12 years
Q. What has been his character during that time?
Delany. It has always been that of an honest, industrious man; he is a shoemaker
 by trade.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


