





397. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Crawley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one hempen sack, value 6 d. the property of persons unknown; and five bushels of oats, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bartmaker 
                  




                
            , June 15
. ++


                  John 
                  Bartmaker 
               



            . I am a Cow-keeper
, and live at Kingsland: on the 16th of June I was informed the prisoner was in Spital-fields watch-house, and was fetched to see him: I went to him; there he owned he had carried a sack of oats to a person, and was stopped; he told me there were others concerned as well as he; that the Saturday night they had taken three sacks of oats, and sold them: he said they were two of my men, named 
               
                  John 
                  Broad 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Derham 
               



            ; that these two men left two sacks at the house of one Weston, a grease-man, in Kingsland-road; that he was sitting at the White Hart alehouse door, and saw them deliver them; that he went and took one, and carried it to Spital-fields, and offered it to sale: I asked him how Broad and Derham brought the sacks o f oats from my house: he said, when they went with the cart to fetch grains, they brought them in the cart; and that he had before been concerned in taking away three sacks out of my barn, and that he had 6 s. 6 d. for his share.
Q. Did you see the oats in Spital-fields?
Bartmaker. I did, and believe them to be mine.
Q. Did you know the sack?
Bartmaker. No, I did not.
Q. Were any oats missing?
Bartmaker. There were about six quarters missing out of the heap, and a sack of mine missing.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Bartmaker. Yes; he has worked for me several times.



                  John 
                  Wills 
               



            . I am headborough in Spital-fields. I heard the prisoner declare the oats were Mr. Bartmaker's, but the sack was not; and that he brought them from the grease-maker's on the Sunday morning, with intent to sell them; and that he left another sack under a parcel of rags and hay, in a rag-shed, the property of Mr. Bartmaker.


                  Robert 
                  Milford 
               



            . The prisoner brought this sack of oats on a Sunday morning, and asked four shillings for them; I had not seen them: I said, where are they; he took me to a public-house, and call'd for a pint of beer; he there said they were the property of Mr. Bartmaker: he went to fetch them, and in the mean time I went to fetch an officer; and when he came, I stopt him; he told me there was another sack of oats where he brought these from, the property of his master, Mr. Bartmaker.
Q. How came he to tell you this?
Milford. He bid me keep the sack and all, saying it was not his master's.
Q. Did you know him before?
Milford. I never saw him in my life before.
Q. Did he tell you how he came by them?
Milford. He did.
Q. Did he tell you this before you charg'd the officer with him?
Milford. He did.
Q. Was he drunk or sober?
Milford. He was drunk; he told me he had received 6 s. 6 d. for his share for other oats before that.
Q. Where did he tell you all this?
Milford. All this he told me before we went to the public house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take it from my master's; I took it it from Weston's Place; the two men brought it there, and I sat over the way and saw them bring it, and I went and took one of the sacks out: it was his own man that is run away, named 
               
                  John 
                  Broad 
               



            , that brought me into it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
