





2. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one wicker basket, value 6 d. and six dozen of quart glass bottles, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Middlemarsh 
                  



                
            , Esq
; 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Lowe 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Watts 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Brent 
                  



                
            , widow
, Nov. 13
. *


                  James 
                  Watts 
               



            . I live at the glass-house, at the old barge-house on the other side the water. Mr. Middlemarsh, Mr. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Low 
               



            , I, and Mrs. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Brent 
               



            , are partners. I sent four porters with a quantity of quart bottles to different customers, on the 13th of last month, to be landed at Black-lion-stairs


: there was a basket with six dozen. missing. The other witnesses can give a farther account of it, I was not there.


                  William 
                  Wilkins 
               



            . The prisoner came to me on the 13th of last month, where I live, in Hungerford market, and desired me to carry some bottles for him: he sent me down, and said there were three prittle baskets, the farthest of them was his. He did not go quite to them, I went and took them up; Mr. Hounsworth helped me up with them. I went to the prisoner, he led me through Church court and Round court, and into Southampton-street, where I had a fall with them, and several were broke; he swore at me and helped me up with them. I carried them to a pitching-place at the corner of White Horse lane, there he gave me three-pence, and I left him and them together.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Wilkins. No, I never saw him before to my knowledge. After they were missing, Mr. Hounsworth informed the porter of me, and they came to me, and I went with them to the house of Mr. Hoy, where the basket and bottles were found.


                  Henry 
                  Hounsworth 
               



            . I live with Mr. Watson, a wine merchant, who trades with Mr. Watts. On the 13th of November about dusk, I was at the Black-lion-stairs, and helped the porter, Wilkins, up with a prittle basket of bottles. I was waiting for some bottles for my master.


                  John 
                  Hoy 
               



            . I live in Vere-street, Clare market, I deal in broken glass bottles. The prisoner came to my house about 4 o'clock on the 13th of November, and asked me to buy 16 bottles; they appeared to be new ones, I said I would have nothing to do with them; then he desired I would let him leave the basket, and he would send for it in about half an hour: there was some broken glass at the bottom. (a basket and bottles produced.) These are the same. After that, Mr. Watts's man, name Grant, came and owned them.


                  Thomas 
                  Grant 
               



            . I am one of Mr. Watts's porters. There was a prittle basket with six dozen bottles of our master's lost from Black-lion stairs; I came with them there in the boat, so did the prisoner: they were missing about 3 in the afternoon on the 13th of November; while I went with some to Albemarle-street, they were taken away from the landing place.
Q. Did you leave any one in the care of them?
Grant. No, I did not, it is not usual so to do. Mr. Hounsworth told me a porter that lives in Hungerford market, had carried them away; we went and found Wilkins, who went with us, and we found the prittle and these bottles at Mr. Hoy's (here produced) I know the basket to be the property of our master, and the bottles also, there being none like them made nay where else in London.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of the matter, I never saw these men in my life before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
He was committed July 22, for obtaining 20 gallons of brandy, by false pretences, the property of Wenman and Co. but the indictment being laid wrong, he was discharged.
