







422, 423, 424. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Steward 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Watkins 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Farrall 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing two martin skins, value 2 s. 6 d. and one fishouse skin, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John George 
                     Libenrood 
                  




               
            , August 7
. ++


                  William 
                  Simonds 
               



            . I landed some skins belonging to Mr. Libenrood, and opened them upon the key, and loaded them in a cart: there were a great company came about them, and I drove them away several times: the master carman seiz'd the three prisoners; he said he saw them under the cart, but he is not here, and I did not see that: we searched them, and two Martin skins were taken, one out of Watkins's pocket, and the other out of Farrall's: we found a great hole cut in the bag, as it lay in the cart; this was on the 7th of August.
John Jebb. I am constable for the King. I took the three prisoners before my Lord Mayor; this skin Steward said he dropt under the cart; (produced) it is valued at 9 s.
Steward's Defence.
I was easing myself, and they came and took me, and hauled me away; I know nothing.
Farrall's Defence.
I kicked the skin before me, as I was going up the gate-way, and I took and put it in my pocket.

Watkin's Defence.
I was going to ease myself, and saw the skin lying before me; I was looking at it, not knowing what it was.
Steward, 

               Acquitted
            .
Farrall and Watkins, 

               Guilty
            , 



               T
            .
