





213. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bourk 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two ounces of silver, value 11 s. and three ounces of silver folder
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Crips 
                  




                
            , February 27
. ++


                  William 
                  Crips 
               



            . I am a silversmith
, and live in St. James's-street


; the prisoner was my servant
, to go on errands, and do other odd matters which I had to do: he was taken up last Thursday; I did not miss the things till he was taken up, in offering the piece of silver to sale.


                  George 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a silversmith, and live at Holbourn-bridge: on Thursday in the afternoon, the prisoner at the bar came to my shop, and ask'd to look at a pair of buckles: I had a suspicion of him, and did not care to show him any; but, at last, I did; he pitched upon a pair which came to twenty-two or twenty-three shillings: I told him I thought they would come to too much money for him: he asked me if I chose to take any silver in exchange for them, and pull'd out this piece of silver, and offered it in exchange. (Producing a piece of an old silver waiter, with engraved work upon it, and two pieces of silver solder). I asked him how he came by them; he said he lived with Mr. Baskervile, in Rolls Buildings: I said, as it was so near, I would just put my hat on and go with him, to see if his master knew he had these things to dispose of: when I got out at the door he wanted to have the silver again: I said he should not; and if he was fancy, I would charge a constable with him directly. As soon as he heard that, he took to his heels and ran up Holborn; I ran after him and took hold of him, and was determined to know where his master lived. Going up Holborn I met Mr. Crips's nephew; he called the prisoner by his name; I asked him where the prisoner lived; he said in St. James's-street; I brought him back to my shop, and sent for his master: he came, and said he would swear to the piece of silver as his property.
Prosecutor. This is my property; it is a piece of a waiter, very particular to be known; it was an old waiter which I had cut into pieces. The folder I cannot swear to.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not steal it; I found it among the sweepings in the shop: my business was to sweep the shop.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
