





68. (L) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Berry 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one copper coal-skuttle, value 4 s. and one brass cover, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Harding 
                  




                
            , Dec 13
. +


                  Samuel 
                  Goldsworth 
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Harding 
               



            .
Q. What is he?
Goldsworth. He is an ironmonger, and swornappraiser
: On the 13th of December last he lost a copper coal-skuttle, and a copper lid to a fish-kettle.
Q. Where were they lost from?
Goldsworth. They were taken out of the house of Mr. Jervise.
Q. Have you found them since?
Goldsworth. They were afterwards brought to our house to be sold, by one 
               
                  Ashur 
                  Levi 
               



            , a Jew, on Tuesday the 15th, and I knew them as soon as I saw them. My master was not at home. I told Levi they were my master's property, and which were delivered to Mr. Jervise the Friday before. He told me he bought them of the prisoner at the bar. She was taken up, and before the alderman, at Guildhall, she said she bought them.
Q. Where did she say she bought them?
Goldsworth. Somewhere at the corner of Old Bedlam, Moorfields.
Q. When did you see them last?
Goldsworth. I saw the coal-skuttle on the counter at Mr. Jervise's on the 13th.


                  Thomas 
                  Maysey 
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Harding, I know the coal skuttle was the property of Mr. Harding, he bought it in the Poultry, with other goods: I cannot swear to the cover of the fish-kettle [The coal-skuttle produced in court, and deposed to.] This I bought from Mr. Williams's. a grocer in the Poultry, on the 12th of December at night. The prisoner said she bought it twelve years ago in Moorfields.
Q. What is the value of it?
Maysey. It is good for nothing but old stuff; there is five pounds of it, it is worth elevenpence a pound.


                  Ashur 
                  Levi 
               



            . I carried that copper coal-skuttle to sell to Mr. Harding, on the 16th of December.
Q. How did you come by it?
Levi. I brought it of the prisoner at the bar the very same day.
Q. What did you give her for it?
Levi. I gave her a crown for it, there is eight pounds of copper of it. I met her with it in the public street. I go about buying old cloaths. I said, Goodey, do you sell this old copper? What do you ask for it? She said, A crown. I gave her a crown for it.
Q. Did you know her before?
Levi. I never saw her before in my life.
Q. How came you to find her out again?
Levi. Because Mr. Harding's man went with me to where she had first offered it to a brazier. The brazier's man went with us to her lodgings. We went two or three times, and she was not at home; and the prosecutor said he would prosecute me, if I did not find her. Then I went and found her out, and brought her to Mr. Harding's house; there she owned she sold it to me for a crown; and the same she owned before the alderman, and there she said she had had it eleven years.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the coal-skuttle at a corner shop in Old Bedlam, eleven years ago, and the fish-kettle at the same time.
She called 
               
                  John 
                  Pebble 
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Purser 
               



            , to her character, who gave her a good one.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


