





235. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Maer 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 37 yards of linen-cloth, value 5 l. and 14 yards of silk and worsted damask, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Tisdell 
                  Webb 
               




and Co
. January 9
. ++
Tisdell Webb. I keep an upholsterer's warehouse
 in Threadneedle-street


, in partnership with 
               
                  Wm 
                  Sampson 
               



            . On the last Saturday in Dec. Mr. Sampson and I had taken an account of stock: we left 2 pieces of holland on the counter, in one of our warehouses, intending it for a particular use. On the Monday morning I went into the inward warehouse, and one piece of holland was gone. Three or four days after, one of my servants came to me, and said, he had lost a dozen pair of stockings; we were all greatly alarmed. The next Monday following, I bought 14 yards of crimson silk and worsted damask, and that was presently missing: we searched the maid, nurse, and footman, but could not find the thief: I discharged an innocent person, who had lost his own stockings. Some time last month, we had word there was some cloth at Mrs. Pen's; and the prisoner hearing of this, he absconded: this was on a Thursday, and on the Saturday following, his friends brought him to me, and said, they were very sorry he should be guilty of such a crime: he in my counting-house owned, before me and my partner, that he had been guilty of stealing only part of this cloth; after that, he confessed he had taken the whole piece of cloth; and when in the Compter, he confessed he took the stockings that were missing, and the piece of damask, and sundry other things not laid in the indictment. He was brought before my Lord Mayor, and there owned to the same. I intended to lay the indictment favourable; that if he was cast for transportation, his friends, as he is young, might have an opportunity; by giving security, of sending him abroad for seven years. I did understand he intended to plead guilty.
Q. How came he to have an opportunity to take the goods?
Webb. His master, Mr. Sing, works for us, in making up furniture. He owned, when he came, and was in the back-warehouse, he saw the holland lying convenient, and he wrapped it in the wrapper which he had brought things in, and took it away; he said, he gave part of the holland to his sister, that lived with Mrs. Pen, and part of it he sold to a workwoman at Mrs. Sing's, and the other part, which we have here, was found in the room where he lay, at Mr. Sing's house, concealed behind a board. There was one 
               
                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            , a fellow-apprentice of his, has since absconded; he frequently came to our house; he said he was concerned with him in stealing the stockings.
Mr. Axby. I saw part of the holland and the worsted damask, and some other things in the garret, where he and his fellow-apprentice lay: the plaister was pulled away, and the things put in, and a board nailed tight over the place. I know the damask well, and the prisoner told us where it was put.


                  Richard 
                  Sing 
               



            . The prisoner was my apprentice; Mr. Axley brought me word where the goods were concealed; I went up with him, and found them as he had mentioned: but how they came there, I cannot tell. He served me a year and a half, and I never knew any dishonesty of him before; I have so good an opinion of him, from his natural inclinations, I would take him again, if he was discharged: he is 15 years of age, or thereabouts; I think he was seduced to do it. I believe a very bad woman seduced him: she was intimate with Brown, my other apprentice.
Prisoner's Defence.
I lay in the bed where Brown did; I dropt my knee-buckle by the bedside, and in looking for it, moving the bed, I saw these things; a piece of holland stuck out, and I pulled it out. Brown came up, and said it was his; he got it of a young man that came from sea, and if I would not say any thing of it, he would give me some to make a shirt. I delivered it to my sister, and bid her keep the remainder for herself.
He called two reputable tradesmen, who had known him from an infant, and gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            . 
