






17, 18. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Newman 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Susanna 
                  Skelton 
               



              were indicted for 


               stealing 150 pounds weight of sugar, value 45 s.
             the property of a person or persons unknown, Nov. 21
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Friend 
               



            . I am a porter, I was drinking at the Cock and Anchor in Thames-street, near Billingsgate; on the 21st of November, about half an hour after eight at night, I went over the way to get a halfpenny-worth of tobacco; coming back, I was told there was something concealed in the gate-way; I and 
               
                  John 
                  Read 
               



             went, and on the left-hand side I saw the prisoners, the woman had her arm round the man's neck; I having a light, saw some sugar spilt; we found two bags of sugar, one was under the woman's petticoats, and the other under the man's trowsers; we brought them to the Cock and Anchor, and sent for a constable; the woman made her escape, but was taken at the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear 
               



             in East-Smithfield on the 23 d.


                  John 
                  Read 
               



             deposed to the same purport.

Mr. Woodhouse. On that day I was informed a man and a woman were with some sugar under a gate way in; I went as directed to the Cock and Anchor; then I went to see if any thing was lost from the buildings; I found a hogshead was broke open, I found a rope ladder (produced in court;) I have seen the man at the bar backwards and forwards upon the keys.
Newman's defence.
I was in at the King's Arms, and drank two pints of beer; about eight o'clock I went out, and fell down, and this woman went to help me up; I was not out of the King's Arms five minutes when these people came to me.
Skelton's defence.
I had but a groat in my pocket; we had two pints of beer; Newman went out to ease himself, I went out after him; he fell down, and I went to help him up; I know nothing of any sugar.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
