






357, 358. 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Donnelly 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jones 
                  



                
            , were indicted, for 


               that they, on the 30th of June
, about the hour of one in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mungo 
                        Baikie 
                     




                   , did break and enter, and stealing one looking-glass with a wooden frame, value 2 s. two napkins, value 1 s. one silver teaspoon, value 1 s. one linen pillow-case, value 1 s. two pair of scissars, value 2 s. one china bason, value 6 d. and one leather pocket-book, value 1 s. the property of the said Mungo, in his dwelling-house
            . +
Mungo Baikie. I live in Orange-street, Leicester-fields, but I have a small house and garden behind the Adam and Eve at Tottenham-court turnpike


. At the time I was robbed there was nobody in it: for this three summers past I have resided there; I was there the evening before; I had put up some looking-glasses, and had a bed, chair, and things there.
Q. When did you lie in the house last?
Baikie. I had not laid in it since last summer; I was there the evening of the 30th of June; on the first of July this card was brought to me (producing one) by which I was directed to come to Sir John Fielding at eleven o'clock; I did not know then that I had left my pocket-book there, the card I had left in it; I went there; I found a small looking-glass with a wooden frame, a pillow-case taken off of a pillow that I had laid on the bed, two napkins, two pair of scissars, and a pocket book, all my property, which were in that house over night; there was a china half pint bason, but as there are others of the same pattern, I do not swear to that; I lost such a one; then I went to the house, and missed the things mentioned.
Q. How was the house broke?
Balkie. There was no place broke; the house had been new paper'd, and I left the window open, and the door not locked. I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  George 
                  Sale 
               



            . I am a constable; I and Mr. Wright were looking out for other people that we had information of, on the first of July, between the hours of two and three in the morning: seeing the two prisoners with their pockets encumbered, we stopt them upon suspicion; I found upon Donnelly two napkins and a china bowl; we took them to St. Giles's Round-house.


                  Henry 
                  Wright 
               



            . I was along with Mr. Sale, the first of July in the morning; we met the prisoners just by the Devil's-gap, Drury-lane, and stopt them; Jones had a looking-glass, a silver teaspoon, two pair of scissars, a pillow-case, and a pocket-book (produced in court)
Prosecutor. These are my property, all but the bason, which I do not swear to, I lost such a bason; the tea-spoon was taken from out of a cupboard, but I did not put that in the indictment.
Wright. The card was one of the prosecutor's shop-bills, by which means we found the prosecutor; we took the prisoners before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , there they said they had been a haymaking, and had saved up ten shillings, and they met a person on the road, and bought the things of him for ten shillings.
Q. What are the prisoners?
Wright. One is a cooper, the other a breeches-maker.


                  John 
                  Crofts 
               



            . On Tuesday fortnight I was out at night, and I light of Jones in Bow-street, Covent-garden, the other was with him; they asked me where I was going.
Q. Did you know them before?
Crofts. I did; they said they were going up into the fields to sleep among the hay, and asked me to go with them. When we got into the fields, Jones slept over the pales into this gentleman's garden, and said he knew of some cucumbers there; then Donnelly went over after him, and I followed Jones; finding no cucumbers, he went and lifted up the latch, and went into the summer-house; he slept up upon two chairs, and took a silver spoon out of the corner-cupboard, and a pocket-book; then we took two napkins, and a pillow-case, from off a pillow, two pair of scissars, five china cups and saucers, a half-pint china bason, and a looking-glass in a brown frame. Jones gave me the five china cups and saucers, and I was stopt on the top of Drury-lane.
Q. Where did you take these things from?
Crofts. From the summer-house.
Q. to prosecutor. Do you call that the dwelling-house?
Prosecutor. That is what I call a house; it is a little room where we drink a glass of wine, and sleep.
Q. to Wright. Did you see Crofts when you stopt the prisoner?
Wright. No, he ran away, and threw down the cups and saucers, and broke them; and afterwards he came to us, and the prisoners said they knew nothing of him.
Jones. It is a designed thing, with intent to take away our lives.
Q. to Crofts. Do you know me?
Crofts. I have known Jones half a year, he is a breechees maker; I have drank with him several times on evenings.
Q. Where does he live?
Crofts. Somewhere by Drury-lane.
Q. from Donnelly. How long have you known me?
Crofts. I have known Donnelly about three quarters of a year; I have drank with him many a time; I never knew him to be guilty of any such thing in my life before.
Q. Did you persuade them to do this?
Crofts. No.
Donnelly's defence.
I had been a hay-making, I met a man with some things in his hand; he said, he and his wife had quarrelled, and he would not live with her any longer; he asked me if I would buy the things; I gave him ten shillings for them; we met the evidence; he asked us which way we were going; I said we were going towards London; he asked to what part, I said towards Tooley-street; he brought us down to the Devil's-gap, and while we were talking they stopt us; they never meddled with him, but let him go; and then two days after he came and made himself an evidence against us, for a thing we know nothing of.
Wright. We had an evidence with us handcuffed, watching for other persons; and seeing the looking-glass at Donnelly's back, and their pockets stuffed out, we stopt them.
For the prisoners.


                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have been an unfortunate girl of the town; I met this 
               
                  Jack 
                  Crofts 
               



            , he asked me to give him a dram; he said he was distressed now, but at the sessions he should have money enough, for he was turned slag; he had two young fellows taken up, and said, have you not heard of it; then he said he would turn pastrycook.
Q. What is the meaning of that?
M. Smith. That I suppose is turning slag again; I said against who; he said against 
               
                  Harry 
                  Donnelly 
               



            ; he said, 
               
                  Harry 
                  Wright 
               



             took them; I said, how came you to fell any body's blood; he said, I'll have money enough, and if you'll come and live with me I'll cloath you.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with him?
M. Smith. I came to know him, by living in the same house where he did; that was Mr. Price's, at the White Hart, the corner of Catherine-street; we were in Tothill fields Bridewell together; I believe he broke out.
Q. What was you there for?
M. Smith. I was there for being a disorderly girl of the town, taken up in the streets; he was in for picking of pockets.
Q. How old are you?
M. Smith. I am eighteen years of age; I was born at Greenwich.
Jones's defence.
I was at work at Barnet; I met Donnelly; he said, where are you going; I said to town; we were both coming along the road, we met a man, he said, will you buy any thing; I said, what things; he said he had got such and such things; Donnelly said, I don't know but I shall go to house-keeping soon; the man asked fifteen shillings for them, and he bought them for ten shillings; after that we had not gone above ten or a dozen yards before Crofts came up; said he, where are you going; I said to London; Donnelly said he was going to Tooley-street; Crofts said, where are you going Jones; I said to my mother's, she lives in Newport-market; he came along with us while we came to Drury-lane; said he, which way will you take; when we came to the top of Monmouth-street, said Donnelly, you may as well go along with me; I went to his mother's and they staid at the top of Monmouth-street; then we went on to Drury-lane, and at the Devil's-gap, there we stopt; he then asked us to go and drink; then these two men came up and took us; one of them took Crofts; he said he was going to work; then they let Crofts go; presently when they had handcuffed us, and they were taking us to the watch-house, up came he before we got to the end of Drury-lane; they asked him whether he knew any thing of us; he said no, he knew nothing at all of us.
Q. to Wright. Did you stop Crofts?
Wright. No, we neither of us saw him.


                  Anne 
                  Atkinson 
               



            . I have known Donnelly nine months, on the other side of the water; he behaved well.


                  William 
                  Watson 
               



            . I am a cooper; Donnelly served part of his time to my father, and the conclusion of it with me; he left me about a year and a half ago; he behaved himself soberly, and I believe honestly; he was a little idle, for which I reproved him.
Q. What can an industrious man get at your business?
Watson. He may get fifteen or sixteen shillings a week.
Q. to prosecutor. How came you to indict them for breaking your house, when you left it open?
Prosecutor. The person that made out the bill, said, are you sure the latch was shut; I said yes; then he said that will do.
Court. Here is a man gives his evidence, no account how or when taken, or how he came to be admitted evidence. It is observable, he is very careful to make out the burglary; Jones he says, went and lifted up the latch of the door.
To Donnelly's character.


                  Hugh 
                  Donnelly 
               



            . Donnelly's father was a kinsman of mine, and, by virtue of my oath, I never heard the least thing laid to his charge before this.


                  David 
                  Forrester 
               



            . I have known Donnelly about five or six years; I never heard any thing of him, but that of a very sober careful lad till this.
Both 


               Guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 



               T
            .
