





160. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Glascow 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one hempen sack, value 6 d. and four bushels of malt, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Smith 
                        




                      
                  , in the warehouse of the said Benjamin
            , March 15
. 


                  Benjamin 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am in the corn trade
, and my warehouses are in Durham Yard


. I had notice sent me by one 
               
                  John 
                  Dunford 
               



            , my warehousekeeper, that the prisoner had been detected in taking a sack of malt out of one of my warehouses there.
Q. How much is a sack?
Smith. That is four bushels. I ordered them to bring the prisoner to justice Cox's, which they did, and I met him there. I asked him how he could use me so, as he got his bread under me. He said he was drunk or he had not done it.


                  John 
                  Dunford 
               



            . On the 15th of March last 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Bartley 
               



             came and told me he had seen the prisoner going away with a sack of malt, which he thought was my master the prosecutor's property. I went up into the warehouses, and thought there was a sack gone. I went down stairs, and saw some malt scattered. I followed the trail, and saw the prisoner going down the stairs at Ivy Bridge. I took hold of him, brought him up to my master's warehouses, and told him I was informed he had stoln a sack of malt from my master's warehouse. He said he had not. At last he said he would go and shew me where it was. I went and saw it, and ordered one of our men to carry it again to our warehouse.
Q. How much was there of it?
Dunford. There were four bushels of it.
Q. What do you reckon it worth?
Dunford. I reckon it worth about ten shillings. We took him before the justice, where he confessed the taking of it.



                  Andrew 
                  Bartley 
               



            . I am a carman, and met the prisoner with a sack of malt on his back, as I was coming along with an empty cart. I went down to the wharf and informed Mr. Dunford of it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not steal any malt.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


