





409. (L.) 
               
                  Isabella 
                  Watson 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for that 


               she, together with another person, unknown, did put 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Grace 
                        




                      
                   in corporal fear and danger of his life, in a certain dwelling-house near the king's highway, in the parish of St. Bride's, and violently taking two guineas from his person, his property
            , July 28
. ++


                  George 
                  Grace 
               



            . On the 28th of July I was going home to the Bull-and-gate, in Holborn, from White-chapel, about 2 in the morning; going down Fleet-lane stood two women, one of them asked me if I would go and see her lodging; I said, with all my heart; I went with her, she asked what I would drink? I said, a pint of porter; she said, she would have a pint of wine; I said, I could not afford it; then the prisoner came in, and asked me to pay for the wine, (something was brought, but I did not taste it) I said I had none, and would not pay for any; then she laid hold on my throat, and held me backwards on an old bedstead, till they took two guineas out of my pocket, there was nobody else in the room at the time; I said, if they would not hurt me, I would pay for the wine; the other got off, and I laid hold of the prisoner; she got up one pair of stairs, I still kept hold of her, and called for the watch, as we were coming down stairs a man got between her and me, she got out at the shop door, and I at a passage door, both into Fleet market; the man crossed me two or three times, as I was running after her, she ran into a sort of a butcher's slaughter-house, there I took her, and charged the watch with her. I believe I was not above five minutes in the lodging.
William Chamberlaine, the constable, deposed, that the prosecutor and prisoner were brought to the watch house, he gave charge to him of the prisoner, for robbing him of two guineas, upon which he, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Newbury 
               



            , went to the house, and in searching the room, where the robbery was said to be, Newbury found two guineas in an old chip hat, between the sacking and the bed; that before they went the prosecutor had told them one of the guineas was a little crooked, and one of them appeared as he had before related. (Produced in court.)
The prosecutor being asked, said his money could not have fallen out of his pocket at all, his breeches not being unbuttoned, and that he had not been in the room above three minutes before they robbed him.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.




               Guilty of stealing the money
            , 


               T.
             Acquitted of the robbery.
