





466. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Griffin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving six gold rings, value 3 l. and 3 silver table-spoons, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           Wallis 
                        




                      
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen, by 
                     
                        Patrick 
                        Murphy 
                     



, April 15
. *
The copy of the conviction of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Murphy 
               



             read in court, wherein it appeared he stole the goods mentioned on the 15th of April, was tried for the same on the 14th of May last, convicted for the same, and received sentence of transportation for seven years. (See No 296. in this mayoralty.)


                  Hugh 
                  Wallis 
               



            . I prosecuted 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Murphy 
               



             for stealing these goods here last May; Carrol, an accomplice in the fact, was an evidence against him; the goods were my property.


                  John 
                  Emery 
               



            . About five or six months ago, about 7 or 8 o'clock in the morning, I was going along with 
               
                  John 
                  Carrol 
               



            ; we went down to the back of Black-friars church, I saw Carrol pull out some gold rings, and three table-spoons, at a sort of a chandler's-shop; he sold them to the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Did the prisoner ask him any questions how he came by them?
Emery. No, he did not; they were sold in a little time, there was another young fellow shewed him the way to the prisoner's house; he is gone to sea now, his name is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Griffiths 
               



            .
Cross examination.
Q. How came you to come here to give evidence against the prisoner?
Emery. Because Carrol applied to me to come.
Q. Do you remember Burgis that was tried here this sessions for picking a pocket?
Emery. I do.
Q. Was you not stopped as a companion of his?
Emery. I went into goal to see him, I was stopped there, but I was cleared.
Q. Do you know how Carrol came by these things?
Emery. No, I do not.
Q. Did you ever hear of any reward offered for taking the prisoner?
Emery. No.
Q. Did not Carrol threaten to impeach you if you did not give your evidence on this trial?
Emery. No.
Prisoner. He is one of the most notorious thieves in London.


                  John 
                  Carrol 
               



            . I am twenty years of age; I was concerned with 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Murphy 
               



             in taking six gold rings, and three silver table-spoons, the property of Mr. Wallis.
Q. Do you know the prisoner at the bar?
Carrol. Yes, I do, he went by the name of Old Bob; he lived on the back of Black-friars church; I sold him the 6 gold rings and 3 silver table spoons, he gave me 35 s. for them; I think he gave us 6 d. more, but am not certain, out of which I spent 1 s. he gets his bread by buying stolen goods; Griffiths and Emery went with me; I have seen him many a time at the Globe on Saffron-hill, buying stolen handkerchiefs; when he was taken up he popped a handkerchief into my hand, which he was going to buy of a young fellow. The prisoner's wife keeps a little chandler's shop; I sold the things in the shop.
Q. Did you tell him how you came by them?
Carrol. I told him how I had miss'd them; he asked me where; I said, in Cow-cross.
Q. to Emery. Did you hear this discourse between them?
Emery. The prisoner gave me a bottle to fetch half a pint of rum, this discourse might be then, for I did not hear it.
Cross examination.
Q. Did you never hear of five guineas being offered for the taking of the prisoner?
Carrol. No.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man that you sold the things to?
Carrol. I am.
Q. How came you upon the trial of Murphy to mention nothing of Griffiths.
Carrol. The prisoner went by the name of Old Bob, and I mentioned Old Bob.
Q. How came you not to mention Griffiths and Emery being with you?
Carrol. Because I was not asked.
Q. Did you apply to Emery to come now?
Carrol. Justice Girdler ordered him to come.
Q. to prosecutor. What were the things worth?
Prosecutor. The spoons were worth about 32 s. 6 d. as to the gold rings, some of them weighed 28 or 29 shillings, they were very large old fashioned rings; I found one gold ring on the prisoner's wife's finger, which I believe to be one of the six.


                  Benjamin 
                  Gilbert 
               



            . When we went to search the prisoner's house, his wife had two or three rings on her fingers, one of which the prosecutor thought to be his property; it was a large plain gold ring.
Wallis. This ring (produced in court) has the same posey as mine on it; it is, Joining one by God alone. I will not swear to it; there may be others like mine, but I believe this to be my property.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
To his character.


                  Sarah 
                  Low 
               



            . I keep a public-house in Chandler's Rents, at the bottom of Doctor's Commons; I have known the prisoner about a year and a half; I never knew to the contrary, but that he was a very sober man; I know but very little of him.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Smith 
               



            . I live in Chandler's Rents; the prisoner was a tenant of my husband's; he came as a stranger to me, he was very quiet; I believe people knew but very little of him.


                  Jasper 
                  Hutton 
               



            . I live in Cow-cross; I was on board the Thunderer, a 74 gun ship with him; he was captain of the main-mast.
Q. And what was you?
Hutton. I was yeoman of the nippers; he was a very honest just man all the time I knew him, which was upwards of six years.
Q. How long is it ago since he sailed with you?
Hutton. It is not three years ago.
Q. What was your captain's name?
Hutton. Captain 
               
                  Proby
               


            .



               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            

See the evidence Valentine, where he gives an account of Old Bob of Black-friars, on the trial of Mussin and Reading, No 324, 325. in this mayoralty.
