





285. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Russel 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing fourteen pictures on paper, with wooden frames, value 10 s. an iron fender, an iron poker, a pair of iron tongs, an iron shovel, a copper pottage-pot, and five ivory-handled knives and forks
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Grindal 
                  




                
            , May 14
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Grindal 
               



            . The prisoner had lived servant
 with me, and when she had left me about a fortnight, the other servants acquainted me there were things missing; the prisoner was going to be married to a young man in the neighbourhood, I thought he might know something of the matter, his name is Small; he lived in Vine-court, Moor-lane, Fore-street; I got a warrant from my Lord-Mayor, and searched his lodging; (this was about three weeks ago.) I went with one of my Lord-Mayor's officer, and in his lodging we found four of my prints, they belong to a set of eight; they were in particular frames, and glazed; he had taken a new house in Moor-lane; he came and offered the key to me, and offered to assist me in order to regain my property; there I found several things, but I have put only the copper pottage pot in the indictment; then we went to a house in Cook's-court, Grub-street; there I found the iron sender, poker, tongs, twelve prints, five ivory-handled knives and forks; I have not laid the twentieth part of the things I found; (the things laid in the indictment produced in court;) I swear to all except the copper pottage pot.
Mrs. Smith. I did live with the prosecutor; the prisoner came there the day after I went away; I know the pottage pot, pictures, knives and forks, and sender, to be the prosecutor's property.


                  Edward 
                  Smith 
               



            , the constable, deposed to the finding the twelve prints, knives and forks, at the house of Mr. Davis, in Grub-Street.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, only that the prosecutor, her master, never kept a proper account of what goods he had in his house. She called 
               
                  Cornelius 
                  Donovan 
               



            , 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Robinson 
               



            , Thomas and 
               
                  Susanna 
                  Davis 
               



            , James and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dawson 
               



            , and her sweet-heart, Small, who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
