





532. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Hatch 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 5 s. a pair of knee buckles, value 2 s. two pocket books, value 1 d. one silk handkerchief, value 1 s. two iron keys, value 1 d. and 6 s. 9 d. in money numbered, the money of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           McCormack 
                        




                      
                  , privately from the person of the said Daniel
            , Sept. 26
. ||


                  John 
                  Summers 
               



            . McCormack is a Serjeant
, come from India; he is gone to see his friends in Scotland. The prisoner and he came into the house of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Bilingfly 
               



            , on the 26th of September, at the Green Man, in Cable-street


, about six in the evening; they called for a pint of beer, and sat down and drank it: they wanted a lodging: I asked them, if they wanted a lodging for one or both: the prisoner said, for both; and asked what they would come to, and they would lie together: I, seeing the serjeant a good-looking man, let him have it for 6 d. The serjeant was very much in liquor: the prisoner called me out of the bar, and said, he was going to the Indies, and the serjeant was full of money, and he would noint him: I said, how: he said, in oil: I said, you shall not noint him too much in this house; they went up together to bed: the prisoner came down: I suspected he had robbed him, seeing him come down with a pair of silver buckles in his shoes, and remembring I had seen the serjeant with silver buckles in his shoes: he pulled out a shilling to pay: I heard money rattle: (he had said he had none when he went to bed.) I put three men at the door, and locked it: he found he could not get out: he put his heels over the top of the door, and his back-side next, and hung on the top of the door, and went to make a push off, and the three men stopt him: he began fighting with them: I was in such a taking, I sainted away: they took him in custody: we searched him; and just below the waistband of his breeches, under his shirt, above his private parts, we found the serjeant's silver shoe buckles, and one of his knee buckles, the other he had dropt out of his pocket; we took 6 s. 9 d. out of his pocket, and two pocket books, belonging to the serjeant; all which the serjeant owned: and said, he had the books in his pocket when he went up stairs, and the buckles in his shoes, and knees of his breeches: the serjeant was drunk, and in bed fast asleep, at the time the prisoner was searched.
Prisoner. Is my head prosecutor here?
Summers. No; he is not.
Prisoner. Then do you hold your tongue; you know nothing at all about it.


                  Thomas 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I was sent for, being constable: I saw the prisoner stript in the house; the shoe buckles and one knee buckle were found in his breeches; and the other buckle was found in the room.
Q. What did the prisoner say for himself?
Spencer. He said the prosecutor trusted them with him: but the prosecutor said to the contrary in the morning. (The two pair of buckles, two pocket books, and 6 s. 9 d. produced in court.)
Summers. I saw the two pocket books in the prosecutor's possession before he went to bed; and heard the prisoner say to him, the next day, he hoped he would spare his life: and at the Angel and Crown, in Whitechapel, he hoped we would be favourable to him. The prosecutor was bound over; but was obliged to go to Scotland: so he took some papers out of the pocket books.


                  Richard 
                  Bilingsly 
               



            . I keep the house where this was done: I was not at home at the time: I left the distiller's man, the first witness, to take care of the house: when I came home, about half an hour after seven o'clock, I was told what had happened: I searched the prisoner, and found the three silver buckles under his shirt, in his breeches: I saw nothing else taken from him: I saw the other things afterwards.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never interrupted any body in the house: I came down for a pot of slipp, and got change for a shilling: I carried up the slipp to Mr. McCormack: then he said, go down and fetch a pound. or pound and half of beef-stakes for supper: I took those things because I was capable of taking care of them: I wanted to make water, and asked them if they had ever a back yard: they said, they had: I went out, and came back again: they began to rummage me, and pull me about; and clouted me, thinking I had robbed the man: he had before said to me he was got into a strange house, and you are more capable of taking care of those things than what I am: I said, namesake, I'll take care of them: they would not let me go out: I thought they wanted the things from me; and I would not let them have them.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried, No. 438. in last Session's Paper.
