





355. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Belcher 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a mahogany tea chest, value 2 s. three tin caristers, a silver milk-pot, one silver tea spoon, a pair of silver tea tongs, and a linen napkin
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stiles 
                  




                
            , June 16
. ++


                  William 
                  Stiles 
               



            . I live at the corner of Bell-yard, Temple-bar


. I was out when the robbery was committed. The next day I found the things mentioned advertised by Justice Fielding.


                  William 
                  Chipe 
               



            . I was at work at the prosecutor's. The prisoner came in and asked for the maid, on the 16th of June between seven and eight o'clock in the afternoon: she went up stairs to speak to the maid, but I did not see her when she came down.


                  Daniel 
                  Hart 
               



            . I was at work in the shop, and saw her come in; she past me, and went up stairs; she came down in about six minutes with a bundle wrapped up in a cloth. I did not know what was in it.


                  Henry 
                  Wright 
               



            . Last Friday was sevennight, as I was going home, I went to the Two Blue Posts, and saw the prisoner there with a tea-chest by her. I asked her whose it was. She said it was nothing to me. I found a cream pot in her pocket. I carried her to Sir John Fielding's office. She was in liquor, and would give no account how she came by them. They were advertised. and Mr. Stiles came and owned them. (The chest and cream pot produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I was very much in liquor; but I do not know that this is the person that belongs to the things.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
