






8, 9. (M) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Clements 
                  , otherwise 
Smith




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one white ground striped thread and cotton counterpane, value 4 s. ten yards of striped and flowered muslin, value 3 s. eight yards of narrow striped ell-wide muslin, value 4 l. seventy yards of broad striped yard-wide muslin, value 40 s. six yards and a half of white calico, value 16 s. ten lawn flowered bordered handkerchiefs, value 40 s. twenty yards of flowered lawn, value 4 l. twenty-six yards of minionet, value 4 l. fifty yards of linen cloth, value 3 l. 15 s. five blue stone necklaces, value 12 s. one red stone necklace, value 4 s. one purple stone necklace, value 4 s. one other dark red stone necklace, value 4 s. one light coloured stone necklace, value 4 s. two pair of purple stone ear-rings set in silver, value 14 s. one pair of purple drop ear-rings, value 7 s. one pair of blue ear-rings, value 7 s. one pair of light coloured ear-rings, value 7 s. one pair of mother of pearl ear-rings set in silver, value 7 s. one pair of green stone ear-rings set in silver, value 7 s. one pair of blue stone ear-rings set in silver, value 7 s. one purple ear-ring set in silver, value 2 s. one blue coloured ear-ring set in silver, value 2 s. one red coloured ear-ring set in silver, value 2 s. one green coloured ear-ring set in silver, value 2 s. one light coloured ear-ring set in silver, value 2 s. three stone breast buckles set in silver, value 12 s. one red stone breast buckle set in silver, value 2 s. four yellow stone breast buckles set in silver, value 4 s. twelve plated patch boxes, value 20 s. six pebble patch boxes, set in silver, value 1 l. 4 s. one paper patch box, value 1 s. two cornelian seals set in silver, value 8 s. five glass smelling bottles set in metal, value 12 s. six metal watch trinkets, value 1 s. four watch keys, value 3 s. six plated snuff boxes studded with silver, value 12 s. four paper snuff boxes, value 4 s. four enamelled snuff boxes, value 8 s. one enamelled snuff box and smelling bottle, value 5 s. eight tortoiseshell pocket books, value 16 s. one metal chased watch case, value 10 s. five metal sleeve buckles inlaid with steel, value 5 s. eight hundred yards of riobands of various colours, value 20 l. five silk handkerchiefs, value 15 s. twelve silk and cotton handkerchiefs, value 1 l. 4 s. one red gause handkerchief, value 2 s. one red and blue gause handkerchief, value 2 s, four needle cases, value 4 s. nine metal stay hooks inlaid with silver, value 12 d. three stone hooks set in metal, value 2 s. twelve pencils, value 6 d. two box combs, value 6 d. six horn combs, value 12 d. six combs cases, value 12 d. one pair of iron natcrackers, value 3 d. one steel breeches waist-band buckle, value 6 d. three green silk purses, value 6 d. four white thread purses, value 12 d. two pair of white thread mitts, value 2 s. one pair of black silk mitts, value 4 s. three pair of worsted mitts, value 2 s. one pair of glass sleeve buttons set in silver, value 12 d. sixty yards of tape, value 2 s. two white-handle knives, value 3 d. and two white-handle forks, value 3 d. and other things, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Jane 
                           Langham 
                        



                     
                  , in the shop of the said Mary privately
            ; and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving part of the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , May 7

 +.


                  Mary Jane 
                  Langham 
               



            . I keep a shop in Red-Lion Street, Holborn



, and keep country fairs with goods
. I began to miss goods in January last, and on to May. Many of them have since been found at pawnbrokers shops. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Clements 
               



             was chairwoman to my lodger, and sometimes used to work for me, when I had occasion, in mending of things. She came first to beg for work about the beginning of January last, and worked for me at times till she was taken up in my house on the 12th of November last.
Q. Did she lie in your house?
M. J. Langham. No, she did not. I first took up one Cooksey, about the 17th of May, who had used to go on errands for me, and work for some of my lodgers; but I was soon satisfied of her innocence, and Justice Welch discharged her. I was sure the prisoner had taken some things the day before I took her up. The prisoner Smith and she lived together as man and wife. I got a search warrant, and took Mr. Clay and another constable, and went and search'd their lodgings. She gave us the key of the door at Mr. Welch's. There I found a considerable quantity of goods, watch trinkets and other things, hid in a paper bag behind a bolster: here is one particular etwee and snuff box, which I can be very positive to, found among the rest. [Producing it, with several other things, necklaces, &c.]
Q. What may these be worth?
M. J. Langham. They are worth 40 or 50 shillings. I know them all to be my property: Her lodgings were at Mrs. Mears's in Eagle-street, near the Horse and groom.
Q. Did you see Smith at her lodgings?
M. J. Langham. No, I did not. The account she gave me for herself was, that she was forced to rob me by the ill usage of her husband, as she then called him: she said her memory was so bad, that she could not recollect the particulars; but she had pawned a great many things at Mr. Bibby's. She went there along with us: she asked for six or seven boxes; they produced eleven patch boxes and snuff boxes. [Produced in court.] The prisoner helped me to pack up these in a hamper, in order to go to Blackheath fair, about the beginning of May. She said, she had sold the counterpane in Mount-street, to Mrs. Rhemas. We went there and found it. [ Produced in court.] This was in my house the beginning of May. I am charged four guineas and a half for it, in case I do not return it where I deal. We found some pawnbrokers tickets in her lodgings, which directed us to Mr. Watson's a pawnbroker. We went there, and found six tortoiseshell pocket books and many boxes. [Produced in court, and deposed to.] Those were in my shop between January and May last. Here are also a great many other things which I found there my property. I found also, by the prisoner Clements's directions, a necklace at Mr. Chaliner's, and some ribbands at Mr. Meads's, and an apron at 
               
                  Jane 
                  Jackson 
               



            's. These I was informed were sold by the prisoner Smith. I took out a warrant against him, and found him in the house where he and she lodged. I miss a great quantity of goods that I cannot find; but Clements said at the Justice's, that when I turned my back, then she used to take things out of my shop.
Q. When did you first see Smith?
M. J. Langham. I first saw him when we took him, the same night as she was taken up on the day. He was carried to Justice Welch's. He persisted in it that he knew nothing of the matter till the next day, when he was re-examined: then the Justice desired him to give an account of what he had done with the things. This was after he was searched, and a pair of buckles and three stayhooks were found in his pocket. Then he own'd to the apron that was produced to him, that he had sold it to a woman, that is now sick in her bed, for 12 s. her name is Degell. [The apron, buckles, and staybooks produced, and deposed to.] Smith was asked where he had these things? He said, he had them of Betty, (meaning Clements.) The apron was cut from a piece of muslin which she own'd she had taken; and she said, he had it of her with other goods to sell. He owned also that he had had a necklace and some ribbands of her, which we had found. He owned to nothing but what we had found. This muslin that this apron is made of, I sell for 7 s. a yard, and here is two yards of this.
Q. Did you ever trust the prisoner Clements to sell goods for you?
M. J. Langham. No, never.
Mr. Clay, the constable, confirmed the account given by the prosecutrix as to Clements's confessing she stole the goods mentioned, and carried them to Smith, their finding some at their lodgings and pawnbrokers; and that Smith owned he had sold the apron to Mrs. Degell, and begged Mercy of the prosecutrix.


                  Jane 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I live now in Fuller's Rents. The prisoner Smith was opening some muslin at a coffee-house: I brought a striped apron of him. [Produced in court.]
M. J. Langham. I have all the reason in the world to believe this my property; it is the same stripe of that I lost, and every way answering to it.


                  Margaret 
                  Mead 
               



            . I live in Orange-street, Red-lion-square. I brought an odd remnant of ribband of the prisoner Smith; there was about two yards and a half of it. [Produced in court]

Q. What trade is he?
M. Mead. He is a carpenter.
Q. Do you know Clements?
M. Mead. I never saw her before, to my knowlege.


                  Ann 
                  Chaliner 
               



            . I never saw the woman at the bar till in this place: I live at the Horseshoe and Magpie in Middle-row. I bought a yard and half of ribband and a necklace of the prisoner Smith. [Produced in court.] I believe I bought the necklace five months ago.
M. J. Langham. This necklace is mine; and the ribband, with the other ribband bought by Mrs. Mead, are of the same sort that I lost.
Eliz. Griffin. I bought a piece of muslin of Mrs. Degell.
Q. Was Smith by at the time?
E. Griffin. No, he was not.


                  Judith 
                  Rhemas 
               



            . I have known Clements a great many years. I bought this counterpane here produced of her; I gave 26 shillings for it; and when I could sell it for more, I was to give it her.
Eliz. Hutchinson. I remember passing through the room of Mrs. Degell, when a man was selling her some muslin; but I cannot say I know the man.
Mrs. Mears. I live in Eagle-street. The two prisoners lodged together in my house about three weeks or a month.
Q. How long is that ago?
Mrs. Mears. About a month ago. She took the room for her husband, and herself, as she called him. They passed for man and wife: I never saw any of these sort of goods upon either. He passed for a carpenter.


                  Catherine 
                  Barlow 
               



            . I have known Clements for about eight or nine months; she went by the name of Smith, and passed for a married woman.
Q. How long have you known Smith?
C. Barlow. I never knew him till after he was taken up.
Clements's Defence.
Mrs. Langham entrusted me to sell goods for her when she has been out of town, and wanted me to go to fairs with her.
Smith's Defence.
I always thought she was trusted to sell things for Mrs. Langham. I know she used to be at her house, and sell things for her, and go about on her business; not that I was there myself. These things I sold. That apron I believe to be the same: I thought she had it of her mistress to sell, and never knew to the contrary. I know she has been trusted with a great many things; I never knew she would wrong any body of any-thing, but I can never believe she had a quarter of the things she is charged with.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Did you ever trust Clements to sell Goods for you?
Prosecutrix. No, only once. She had an India handkerchief of me, to put about her husband's neck; but she never had any of those goods to sell for me.
For Clements.
Mrs. Barlow. I know Mrs. Langham has trusted Clements to sell Fire-works on Illumination Nights I have seen her helping in the shop on such nights, but I do not know she ever trusted her with any thing else in the shop.
Mrs. Foreman. I know the prisoner Clements used to be to and from in Mrs. Langham's house; but I never knew her to employ her in any particular thing but in fire-works; if she had, I should have known it, for I had used to employ her myself. I have often heard her talk of her husband, but I never saw Smith till before the Justice.
For Smith.
Mr. Silvester. I have known Smith from his infancy; he is a carpenter, and was some time with Mr. Philips, the king's carpenter; he bears a good character.
Q. How long is that ago that he worked with him?
Silvester. It may be four or five years ago: He received by my order eight or nine pounds at a time. Last June I ordered him eight pounds by way of encouragement to him to mind his business: He is related to me.
Q. What business has he followed lately?
Silvester. He has not visited me so often within this twelve months past as before.
Mr. Crawford, Mr. Denne, Mr. Morison, and Mr. Crown, who had known him from a child, Mr. Perry thirteen years, and Mr. Stevenson seven, speak well of him as to his behaviour before this.
Clements 

               Guilty
            



               Death
            .
Smith 

               Guilty
            .




[Smith: Transportation. See summary.]


