





127. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Colhill 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barber 
                  




                
            , Dec. 16
. ||


                  John 
                  Barber 
               



            . On the 16th of Dec. last, in the evening, as I was going up Lombard-Street


, George Christian followed me, and told me my pocket was picked. I put my hand in and missed my handkerchief. He said, if I would go back, he would shew me the person that picked my pocket. He took me down to near the church, in the Poultry; not seeing the person, we were returning towards the Mansion-House. He then shewed me the prisoner, and said, That was the lad; I went and took hold of the prisoner. He took my handkerchief out, and attempted to throw it on the ground. I seized it.


                  George 
                  Christian 
               



            . I live with Mr. Pain, in Bow-Lane, Cheapside. I was going to the Royal Exchange. I saw the boy at the bar follow the prosecutor. Just at the corner of Lombard-Street, the prisoner took a handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket. I went across the way, and asked the gentleman if he had not lost his handkerchief; he put his hand into his pocket, and said, he had; then I said, Go along with me and I will shew you the person that took it. We went back, and up the Poultry, and found the prisoner as we were coming back. I said, That was he. The prisoner took the handkerchief out of his pocket, in order to throw it down, and the gentleman secured it and the prisoner too. There was another boy in company with him. (The handkerchief produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going along, and this gentleman came and laid hold of me, and charged me with picking his pocket. I was as innocent as a child unborn.
To his Character.


                  John 
                  Luck 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from a child. I never knew any ill of him. He is in the shoemaking business
 with his father, who lives in Hand-Alley, Bishopsgate-Street.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Poultney 
               



            . I have known him from a child; he was always a very honest, sober lad.


                  William 
                  Wright 
               



            . I have known him about twelve years. I never heard any harm of him in my life. He was always a very sober boy.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
