





38. (M) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Beverstock 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one shilling and sixpence, in money numbered
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Worger 
                  




                
            , January 3
. ||
Edmund Worger. I am a grocer and blue-maker
, and live in Carnaby-street; the prisoner has been servant
 to me and my father two years, wanting about a month.
Q. Is your father alive?
Worger. He is, but he was not at home at that time the money was taken. I had for some time missed several goods, and having four servants, could not tell which to lay it to. I endeavoured, if possible, to detect the guilty person. Upon which, on Friday night, the 2d of January, I laid 18 d. upon the counter, the last thing before I went to bed. I had marked both the shilling and sixpence. On the next morning I saw the money laying where I had left it before the shop was opened: the prisoner's business was to open the shop.
Q. Did he lie in your house?
Worger. No, there was but one of the four lay in my house. The money was soon taken away, before any of the others had been in the shop. I did not think proper to appear in it myself at that time, so desired my journeyman to borrow a shilling of the prisoner. He did, and brought it to me [producing one] this is it, here is the mark I made by filing it over the head; it is a king William's shilling, with the letter B at the bottom; I suppose made after the battle of the Boyne. The person's name, who I got to borrow the money, is Clark. Then I went to justice Fielding, who granted me a warrant to take up the prisoner. I took him up: he at first denied it. He was committed to the Gatehouse, and on Monday he was re-examined, and then he denied it, but at last he owned it.
Q. Did you find the sixpence upon him?
Worger. He changed such a sixpence at a publick-house, but I have not got it again.
Q. from prisoner. Did I ever wrong you of a farthing before?
Worger. I have missed a great many things, but I cannot charge them upon the prisoner.
Clemmell Clark. I am servant to Mr. Worger, he desired me to borrow a shilling of the prisoner that morning (this is the same here produced.) I at that time did not know any thing of the affair, till my master explained it afterwards.
Prisoner's Defence.
The money that I lent the last evidence, was not my master's property, I had it of a tallow-chandler, at the next door, the night before; and the sixpence, that my master mentioned, I had of a soldier. I came from Wiltshire, and have no witnesses in town.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


