





99. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Lee 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 30 yards of linnen-cloth, value 30 s.
             the property of persons unknown, January 3
. ||


                  William 
                  Stevenson 
               



            . I belong to the Custom-house. On the 3d of this instant, between 4 and 5 in the afternoon, I was weighing some goods: I saw the prisoner with a piece of cloth in his hand, behind him: Hollo, said I; with that he dropped the piece behind him, and turned about seemingly unconcerned. Said I, what was you doing with that piece of cloth? he said, he did not touch it; we seized him, and carried him to the Compter, and the next day before the sitting alderman, at Guild-hall, who committed him to Newgate. As we were going to Newgate, he said, he had it in his hand; that he took it from the ground, and was going to lay it on a chest: the cloth came out of a Hamburg ship, packed up in chests: (produced in court) in one chest there was a place where it had been drawn out.


                  John 
                  Jebb 
               



            . I was called from Gally-key, and ordered to take the prisoner into custody: in coming along, he owned he took it from the ground because he feared it would be trod on.


                  Edward 
                  Tyler 
               



            . I am a cooper. I was attending on some business on the key, when Stevenson called Hollo: I saw the prisoner drop the piece of cloth from behind him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had just done loading a cart with butter-sirkins: I saw a crowd of people, and came over to see for another jobb. I saw a piece of linnen lie on the ground, I took it up, in order to wipe it with the corner of my jacket, to lay it on the corner of the chest; I dropped it down as this gentleman called Hollo! what are you about? and they came, and laid hold of me.
To his character.


                  James 
                  Neal 
               



            . I have known the prisoner twelve years; he has been in England 6 years; he was pressed on board a man of war in London: he has not been long come home. He has worked at day labouring work up and down; he had a very good character before he left Ireland, and he bears a good character since he came here.


                  John 
                  Cowman 
               



            . I am a victualler in White-chapel. I have known him between five and six years. He resorted to my house at his first coming, when he was press'd: he was gone very near four years; then he came as far as Spithead; there he had a ticket, and came to London, for a fortnight. Then he came to my house again. I never heard any harm of him in my life; he has been at my house commonly. Last year, he worked at ballast-work, and on board of ships. I never heard but that he was very honest.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
