





56. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Margery 
                     Eardley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. one seal, value 1 s. and one other seal, value 1 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Macdonald 
                  




                
            , December 27
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Macdonald 
               



            . On the 27th of December last I lost a watch.
Q. How did you lose it?
Macdonald. I do not know how I lost it.
Q. Where did you lose it?
Macdonald. I lost it in the tap-room, at the house of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Egan 
               



            , at Saltpetre Bank


.
Q. Do you know who took it?
Macdonald. No, I do not.
Q. Was you drunk or sober?
Macdonald. I was sober, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Are you sober now?
Macdonald. I am.
Q. Was you as sober then as now?

Macdonald. I was sober when I lost it.
Q. Was you drunk soon after?
Macdonald. No, I was not.
Q. Why do you charge the prisoner?
Macdonald. The watch was stopped by Higham Levi, and so I came by the knowledge of it.
Higham Levi. Last Friday was three weeks, between twelve and one in the day, the woman at the bar came selling apples; said she, will you buy a watch?
Q. Where did she come to you?
Levi. To my house in Duke's Place. I said, let me look at it; she shewed it me. I asked her what she ask'd for it. She said forty shillings. I asked her how she knew it was worth forty shillings. She said, what will you give for it? will you give thirty shillings? I said, I do not know whether I will or not, how did you come by it? She said, it belonged to her husband. I said, I must stop the watch and you too, till you give an account how you came by it. I brought her before my Lord-mayor, and there she said her husband was dead. My Lord bid me to inquire who owned the watch. Mr. Egan, hearing I had stopped a watch, came and inquired about it, and said it belonged to his tapster. Then the prosecutor came and told me all the tokens of the watch before I shewed it to him.
Q. Were there any seals on it?
Levi. There were two. [The watch produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Q. to prosecutor. What are you?
Prosecutor. I am drawer to Mr. Egan.
Q. from the prisoner to the prosecutor. Whether I did not send you word that I had your watch, and that it was stop'd at a Jew's?
Prosecutor. After the watch was stop'd I went to the prisoner's room, but she had made off, and I could not see her.
Q. Was she in the tap room at the time your watch was lost?
Prosecutor. She was drinking there then; but she was gone when I went to her, and I did not see her till I went before my Lord-mayor, after I heard my watch was stop'd.


                  Francis 
                  Egan 
               



            . I have known the prisoner fifteen or sixteen years. The prosecutor is my servant
, and was drawing beer at about a quarter before ten o'clock; some of the people asked what o'clock it was, when he pull'd out his watch, and said it was about a quarter after ten; he put it in his pocket again, as I believe, being very sober; after that, he came and told me he had lost his watch, so I insisted upon it that nobody should go out of my house till they were searched. I searched, but found nothing. After the watch was stop'd, a woman came and told me the prosecutor should have it again, provided I would not hurt the prisoner. Then I desired her to bring the prisoner to me, but she was gone; however, I found her in a little room in Cross Lane, and brought her before my Lord-mayor, when she said she found the watch in the tap room.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the watch by the street door. I went to the Jew's house, and after that I was told by a woman that it was the prosecutor's watch. I thought the right owner was the properest person to have it, but it was the Jews sabbath (Saturday) and I could not get it, so I sent a woman to the prosecutor to tell him it was his watch, and that I would go along with him to the Jew, and he should have it.
For the Prisoner.


                  Luke 
                  Collins 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about seven years; she lodged with me about four years.
Q. What is her character?
Collins. I have trusted her in my shop and never lost a halfpenny by her, and I have left her to receive money for me.


                  Hugh 
                  Macdaniel 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about two years.
Q. What is her general character?
Macdaniel. I never heard any thing of her in my life but that of an honest endeavouring woman; she has work'd several times for me, and did my business very honestly; I never found any dishonesty by her.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


