






213 (L) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bennet 
                  , otherwise 
John Johnson




            , was indicted for that 


               he, unlawfully , knowingly, and designedly, with false pretences, did obtain of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Bulkley 
                        




                      
                  , 5 s. with intent to cheat and defraud him of the same
            , March 23
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Bulkley 
               



            . I keep Peel's coffee-house, Fleet-street
. The first time I saw the prisoner, to my knowledge, was on the 23d of March last. About nine o'clock in the evening, I was leaning upon the bar-door, he said, Mr. Bulkley, how do you do? ( he was dress'd in the manner he is now) I said, Sir, I beg your pardon, you have the advantage of me, I do not recollect you; said he, Don't you know Capt. Johnson? I have been out of the kingdom three or four years, and now you don't know me! Said I, I am glad to see you well. He said, Shall we not drink together? I came from Portsmouth this morning, and am just got out of a post-chaise; and I am obligd to go off to-morrow morning on his majesty's business. I asked him after some people at Portsmouth, and Godalming; he said, he knew them extremely well. He said, Well, Bulkley, I am going up to Mr Clevland, and here is about three thousand pounds worth of notes. that I must deliver to him; let me have a few shillings, and I'll call to-morrow morning, and pay you; and if you have any demands to Godalming, or Portsmouth, I'll deliver them. I let him have six shillings. After that, I read an advertisement from Mr. Fielding, of such a person, that had defrauded several people; I went to Mr. Fielding's; I found he had defrauded Mr. Parker, who keeps t he Globe tavern, in the Strand, in the same way, and he happened to see him afterwards, and laid hold on him, and charged a constable with him. When I was at the justice's, I think there were about thirty-two of our business, that keep taverns and coffee houses, that he had served the same; and when he was committed, there were ten detainers against him.
Q. Upon what did you give him credit?
Bulkley. Upon his saying he came from Portsmouth, and calling me by my name, and producing a book with a large parcel of papers; saying, there were about 300 l. that he was to receive in the Navy-office.
Q. from prisoner. In what manner did you grant me the money? Or whether ever I left London, or offered to defraud or dissemble with any man or woman in London? Did I speak any thing, but what I spoke openly at the bar? Or did I call you aside?
Bulkley. I was standing at the bar; it was all done in a quarter of an hour, he was in such a hurry, and so fatigued, he pretended, just getting out of a post-chaise, and expecting the ship to sail the next morning. All these pretences appear'd to me as realities; upon which, I lent him the money. There were two mariners at the justice's, that knew him; they said, he once was before the mast, but never any thing else.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never went by any other name but 
               
                  John 
                  Bennet 
               



            . I have been at his house several times before, and he knew me very well. I was at his house six or seven years ago, along with a north-country gentleman. As for being in the navy, I have served his Majesty a great many years; I was on board the Shoreham, under Capt. Brown.
Q. to prosecutor. Are you certain you never was acquainted with the prisoner?
Prosecutor. I am certain I never was acquainted with him; and I am almost certain I never saw him before that evening.
Q. How long have you kept that coffee-house?
Prosecutor. I have kept it about ten years.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Hart 
               



            . I have been acquainted with the prisoner about 12 or 14 years.
Q. What is his name?
Hart. His name is 
               
                  John 
                  Bennet 
               



            .
Q. Did you ever know him go by the name of Capt. Johnson?
Hart. No, never.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


