





119. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven holland shifts, value 30 s. two pair of linen sheets, value 20 s. eight damask napkins, value 10 s. four linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s. and two silk handkerchiefs, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Pelham 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in her dwelling-house
            , September 30
. ||


                  Mary 
                  Fry 
               



            . I live with Mrs. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Pelham 
               



            , in Argyle Buildings


: her house was robbed in September, of some linen; the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name); the locks of the drawers were forced, and the things taken out; they were found again in the prisoner's house.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Fry. He is a marble polisher
: he was at work in my mistress's house, in the next room to where the linen was; and I believe he did some work in that room.
Q. Did he work alone there?
Fry. There were more men at work besides him: the prisoner was discharged four months before the things were missing.
Q. Where is your mistress?
Fry. She left London in July last; she was then in Lincolnshire, and is not yet come to London.
Mr. Povey. Justice Spinnage sent a search-warrant, to search for a gold snuff-box that was lost, of another person's. I went to search; I did not find that, but I found eight damask napkins, four shifts, four sheets, four linen handkerchiefs, and two silk ones, in the prisoner's drawers. (Produced and deposed to by M. Fry, as her mistress's property.

Prisoner's Defence.
I bought these things of an old cloaths man.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
