





294. (M.) 
               
                  Fra 
                  Crump 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing 4 s. 6 d. in money, number'd
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            . Oct. 7
. * 
John Smith. On monday was a fortnight I went to bed; I then had 6 s. and 6 d. in my pocket; the prisoner came to bed some time after me; on the wednesday morning (for I never look'd at it on the tuesday) after I was gone out to go to my work, I felt in my pocket, and thought my purse very empty; I look'd at it, and found it tied of a harder knot, than generally I tied it; I look'd in it, and found but 3 s. when I came home from my work, I marked my money with a needle; this was on wednesday night, they were 3 king William's shillings, and a sixpence then, and put them in my purse, and on the tuesday morning I miss'd one of the shillings; then I went to justice Welch, and got a warrant, and got a constable, and we charg'd the prisoner with taking it, and he produced it.
Q. Had he laid with you the night before?
J. Smith. He had; and for two months before, or thereabouts.
Q. Where did you lodge?
J. Smith. We lodged together just by the seven Dials, in Queen-street


, (he produced two shillings) they were all mark'd as these, the justice has got the other shillings; there was a mark plain to be seen under the letter U in Gulielmus) the prisoner came down stairs after the constable was in the house; the constable told him, he had got a warrant against him for robbing me of 3 s. and 6 d. he said he had not 3 s. and 6 d about him; the constable said, you know best where you put your money; then the prisoner pull'd out a penny, and the shilling mark'd, which was one of these produced (the jury inspect them.)


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . The prisoner and 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



             lodg'd together in my house; the prosecutor came home on the wednesday night, and said he had lost 3 s. and 6 d. out of his purse; he said, he suspected the prisoner. I told him to go and get a warrant, and take him up. He said, he could not swear to money; then he took and mark'd 3 s. and 6 d. and put it into his purse, and on thursday morning he missed a shilling.
Q. Did you see him mark them?
J. Smith. I did; then he went to justice Welch, and got a warrant and a constable; and when the prisoner came down stairs, the constable told him he had got a warrant against him, for robbing 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



             of 3 s. and 6 d; he said, he had not so much about him; then he pull'd out his money, and I saw this shilling, and the mark on it, the same as was mark'd over night.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am not guilty of it.
For the Prisoner.


                  Daniel 
                  Mountague 
               



            . I have known the prisoner four years. I am a serjeant belonging to colonel Fitzmaurice's regiment, so is the prisoner; he always behav'd very well; he has lived in good services.
Mr. Mackdaniel. I keep a public house; the prisoner used my house, and paid his reckoning very well, and never made any disturbances in my house. I did imagine he was a very honest young fellow.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


