





66. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Isabella 
                     How 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, a plush waistcoat, and a linen shirt
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harrit 
                  




                
            , Nov. 17
. ++


                  John 
                  Harrit 
               



            . I am a tinman
, and live in Charles-court in the Strand


; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, on the 17th of the last month; about seven in the morning, I was getting up, my boy was gone out; there came in a woman; my wife called out, who is there; there was no answer: then my wife said, who is that, Joe; yes, a voice said twice: my wife said, she thought it was not Joe's voice; I drawed the curtain, and saw a woman in the court: I then missed the things; I pursued after her. About two hours after the prisoner was taken, I was sent for to a public-house; I saw the prisoner sitting there with the waistcoat on her arm; I asked her how she came by it; she said she bought it in Monmouth-street; that she gave 6 d for it; I asked her where the coat and shirt were; she said she knew nothing of them; before Justice Fielding she said the same, but at last she told us where they were.


                  Joseph 
                  Clark 
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutor; I met the prisoner about half way in the court, about seven o'clock; she had something in her apron: when I came back, I asked my master if he had taken my cloaths away; he said, no: then I said the woman had got them: about two hours after she came to an alehouse, there I saw her, and knew her again.


                  Joanna 
                  Drew 
               



            . The prisoner sold me the shirt, and told me it was her son's shirt; this was about 8 or 9 o'clock that morning.


                  Alexander 
                  Clark 
               



            . I keep a shop in Monmouth-street; I bought this coat of a woman, but I can't swear the prisoner is that woman; the prisoner came to me afterwards along with Sir J. Fielding's man and the prosecutor for it; (produced in court.)
Prosecutor. These are my property; they were taken out of a lower room where my apprentice lies.
Prisoner's defence.
I bought the waistcoat in Monmouth-street, for my little boy to wear.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
