





534. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Bowen 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing twenty yards of white silk blond lace, twenty-nine yards of black silk lace, ten yards of linen lace, four yards of black silk, and ten yards of ribbon
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Laroche 
                  




                
            , Sept. 4
. ++


                  Charles 
                  Laroche 
               



            . I keep a shop in Craig's court, Charing-cross


, and sell millinery goods
; the prisoner was my servant
 not quite a month; we missed other goods, which gave us a suspicion of the prisoner; yesterday was se'nnight I was going up stairs, she suspected I wanted to look into her box; I followed her, her box was in a little closet on the stair-case; she unlocked it and took something out, and wrapped it up in paper, and brought it down stairs; this confirmed my suspicion; I watched her very narrowly, intending to prevent her going out at the door; while the barber was putting on my wig she went out; I ran up stairs, and soon saw her coming back; after she came in I went immediately to a green-stall, where I perceived she came from, and asked if she had been there; they said she had; I asked what she did there; I was told she had left a bundle there, they shewed it me; I found it contained sundry goods my property; I had them brought home, that I might be sure they were mine; they all answered both to length, and to the very places where they had been cut off; I had her taken up in the evening and carried to the watch-house, and the next morning before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , who committed her to Newgate; the goods cost me above eight pounds.


                  Thomas 
                  Jennings 
               



            . I live at the green-stall; the prisoner came to my stall last Sunday morning about nine o'clock, and asked me to leave a bundle, which she did; when Mr. Laroche came, he asked if she had left any thing; I said, yes, and delivered the parcel to him, (produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
I am guilty, and beg mercy of the court.
Prosecutor. I had a very good character with her.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
