





426. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Barrett 
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Donaldson 
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , September 1
. *


                     John 
                     Donaldson 
                  




                
            . I live in Shadwell


. I am a seafaring man, and came home on Trinity-monday, in his Majesty's ship the Swift. A woman hawled me into a dark entry, and clandestinely carried my watch away.
Q. Was she a stout woman?
Donaldson. She was a little dapper woman.
Q. Do you see any such woman here? (He looks about.)
J. Donaldson. No, I do not.
Q. Look about again.
J. Donaldson. That is the woman. ( Pointing to the prisoner.) I did not intend to speak to her, till she got both her arms round mine, and asked me to go home with her.
Q. How do you know she had your watch?
J. Donaldson. Because no other person was near me at the time, and I felt her hawl my watch out of my pocket. I said, What are you doing with my watch? I never found it since.


                  Samuel 
                  Yardley 
               



            . I am headborough in Wapping parish. This was facing my house. I was called upon; the man said the prisoner had taken his watch. I took her in custody, and before the Justice she was not searched; but she did say she took hold of the watch-string, in the watch-house.


                  Luke 
                  Stribley 
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prosecutor have hold of the prisoner, and he charged her with having his watch. I told her she had better deliver it; she denied it, and after that she said, the person that had it was going to sell it to a Jew.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming along, having been for some small-beer; he had another girl in the alley along with him, but he said I was the girl that was along with him, and had taken his watch. I said I knew nothing of it. He called the watchman, who came, and he then charged me with it. I know nothing of the watch.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
