





113. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Morris 
                     Pearce 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a copper sauce-pan, value 3 s. two flat irons, value 1 s. and two linen sheets, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Burford 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging room, let by the said John, to be used by the said Morris
            , October 28
 ++


                  Sarah 
                  Burford 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Burford 
               



            ; we live in Great St. Andrew-street


: the prisoner took a lodging room at our house, up two pair of stairs forwards; I don't know the day of the month: the things mentioned in the indictment were part of the furniture let with the room; he lodged with me three months: he had absconded a fortnight all but two days; then my husband broke open the door, and we missed the things mentioned.
Q. What day did he abscond?
S. Burford. He absconded the 7th of December, and gave no notice when he went away: my husband found him, the day after he broke the door open, in Little Queen-street, and brought him home. The prisoner then said he had pawned the two sauce-pans, one sheet, and the flat irons, at one pawnbroker's, in Belton-street; and the woman that he lived with, had pawned another in Denmark-street: the things were found accordingly.


                  John 
                  Chapman 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Hull: the prisoner pledged a sheet, two flat irons, and two sauce-pans with me; the sheet, on the 22d of October; the flat irons on the 14th of November; and the saucepans, on the 20th of October. (Produced in court).


                  Samuel 
                  Spencer 
               



            . The woman that cohabited with the prisoner at the bar, pledged this sheet with me, about the 20th of October. (Produced in court).


                  Sarah 
                  Burford 
               



            . The goods produced are my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I leave it to your lordship and the jury.
For the prisoner.


                  Anne 
                  Murry 
               



            . I live in Monmouth-street, and have known the prisoner two years; he worked for my husband, and behaved well.
Q. What is his general character?
Murry. I believe he is a rakish young fellow, like others; but I never heard of any thing dishonest by him.


                  William 
                  Cade 
               



            . I have known him about two or three years; I never knew any thing bad of him before this.


                  Joseph 
                  Barnet 
               



            . He is a customer to me; he paid me very well; I never heard any bad character of him.
Prosecutrix. I hope the court will be favourable to him; he is a young man, and a cripple.
Court. Had you stood in his place, you would have deserved no pity, for taking in unmarried people to live in this manner.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
