





106 (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Levi 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a man's hat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Russel 
                  




                
            , Jan. 3
. +


                  Peter 
                  Russel 
               



            . On the third of this instant, about nine o'clock at night, I was walking in Bishopsgate-street, on the right hand side from where the gate stood, towards Shoreditch; I came as far as the corner of Artillery-lane


, and stood a very little while there, looking to see where it was good walking; during that time I found my hat go off my head, the prisoner at the bar was then passing by me; I saw my hat in his hand, he passed me with a moderate run; I followed him with equal pace, about a yard or a little more behind him; I said to him very moderately, you had better not play the fool with my hat, give me my hat again; I repeated the same words to him again, continuing the same pace; then he hastened his run; I endeavoued to follow him, and then cried out stop thief, and followed, crying the same running, but he got ground of me something. During that time I had him in my sight, till I came pretty near the place where he was taken; I then saw two or three more people moving: I cannot say I did distinguish him clearly from them, but presently I lost sight of them all; I continued my run, till I came to the corner of the first turning on the right hand side of Artillery-lane, that is called Petticoat-lane; I said to myself, but I suppose a little loud, I believe I have lost him; there was a young man a little way off said there he is, I believe they have stopt him; then I turned my head towards the other side of the way, on the left hand side, there I saw four, five, or six persons together standing; I went towards them and looked at the prisoner, who was one of them, and knew him to be the man; I said, you are the man that have taken my hat from my head; he said he knew nothing of it; I charged him with it again, he still denied it; I then said, I was sure he was the man, and would charge an officer with him; he said he had no hat besides that on his head about him, and unbuttoned his coat in order to be searched; he had none; I said no matter for that, he was the man, and desired the people to get an officer; there was none to be got; they hustled him back into Artillery-lane, the croud still increasing; during this time the prisoner intreated very earnestly that I would let him go, saying, I beg you would let me go, kneeling on the ground; by the assistance of those about him he was taken to Bishopsgate watch-house, to the care of the officer of the night, in order to appear before my Lord-Mayor the next day; while this was carrying on, I was told by some of the croud that my hat had been picked up by some person in Artillery-lane, and taken into a house; as I was returning home I called at the house (as directed,) of one Mrs. Smith, and asked her if she had taken up a hat; she said she had, and produced it; it was my hat; (produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Anne 
                  Smith 
               



            . I live in Artillery-lane; as I was sitting by my own fire-side, I heard a gentleman say he had lost his hat; this was the Sunday before last, about eight or nine o'clock; I did not go to the door at that time; after that I heard a combustion of a great many people talking; I opened my door, there was a coach man said to me, Mrs Smith, there is a hat lying just by that post facing me; I went out and took it up; said he this is the hat that a gentleman says he has lost; I said I will carry it in, and if you see the gentleman send him to me; I delivered it to the prosecutor when he came.
Q. How far is your house from the corner of the lane?
A. Smith. My house is six doors from the corner.
Prisoner's defence.
I am quite innocent as the child unborn; I have a person here that knows how the whole affair began.
For the prisoner.
Hyams Lazarus. The prisoner is a very regular young man; he makes a point of it never to go out of his father's house without his leave; that evening I went to his father, to ask him leave to let him go out to drink with me; we went to the Admiral Vernon's Head in Bishopsgate-street; going home a gentleman, I suppose it to be the prosecutor, pushed against us; soon after he charged us with pushing off his hat; I said it was but an accident; the gentleman continued scolding and making a noise; I desired the prisoner to go home; then presently stop thief was called, and at length the prisoner was taken to the watch-house; I saw a woman take up a hat as it was lying in the street.
Lazarus Levi. The prisoner works for my uncle, who is a diamond polisher; I have his indentures here, he has three years to serve; my uncle trusts him with thousands of pounds worth of diamonds to carry out.


                  John 
                  Roaper 
               



            . When I brought the prisoner before my Lord-Mayor this last witness was there, and used Mr. Russel very grossly; I was going to take him into custody; said he if you will say nothing of the matter, I will give you half a crown; he came to me last week, and told me the prisoner came of a very good family, and desired me to let him know where Mr. Russel lived, and said they had money enough, and they would make it up; I thought it not prudent to inform him.


                  Abraham 
                  Levi 
               



            . I am father to the prisoner; I have six sons, and this is the best I have got; he never goes out without leave, he is always at home in good time.
Q. Is he an apprentice?
Levi. He is, but I was to give him victuals, and he lies at my house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
