






86. (L.)  
               
                  Mary, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sheers 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing eighteen pounds of worsted-yarn, value forty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  Peter 
                  Bluck 
               




             . ++


                  Peter 
                  Bluck 
               



            . The prisoner was servant
 to me, I am a laceman
, and live in Fleet-street


; the prisoner was charged with stealing the goods mentioned in the indictment; she confessed taking three bundles of worsted, value sorty shillings, my property, out of my shop.


                  Henry 
                  Soley 
               



            . I live in Long-acre; I was informed by one of my servants that there had been some worsted offered to sale under the real value, and it was imagined it was stolen: as soon as I saw it, I thought it was of my own work (I manufacture in a different way from any in London) I did not then consider I has sold such to Mr. Bluck: it was not the prisoner that brought it, but another woman.
Q. Is she here?
Soley. I believe not. I took her to justice Welch, and she said she had it to dispose of for another woman she took me to the prisoner, who was then in Swallow-street. I asked the prisoner if that worsted was her property: she said it was. (Produced in Court.)
Prosecutor. I believe this worsted to be my property, I bought it of Mr. Soley: the prisoner said before justice Welch she did not steal it, but said she found it about the middle of Drury-lane: but afterwards she confessed she stole it.
Mr. Dison. The prisoner and another woman came to sell two bundles of worsted where I lately carried on business; I was then in the shop.
Q. Who was it offered to sell to?
Mr. Dison. To my successor; she said she took it for a debt.
Q. Was this bundle produced here one of them?
Mr. Dison. No, it was not; one of them was green, the other scarlet. Justice Welch sent to me, and desired I would attend her second examination; and in my hearing she confessed she stole it from her master Bluck's shop at different times.
Q. How many bundles was she charged with stealing?
Mr. Dison. She was charged with stealing three.
Prisoner's Defence.
I do not know what I said, but I did not take them out of my master's shop.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Grenville 
               



            . I have known the prisoner thirteen or fourteen years.
Q. What is her general character?
M. Grenville. She is a very honest, industrious body, I never heard any thing amiss of her till now.


                  Sarah 
                  Gates 
               



            . I have known her eight years, she is a very honest sober body, she has nursed me when sick: I never knew her to wrong me of a pin, or any body else.




               Guilty 20 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


