





509. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John Thomas 
                     Newman 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tankard, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Baxter 
                  




                
            , Oct. 11
. +


                  Tho 
                  Baxter 
               



            . I keep the Brown Bear in the Strand




; I lost a silver tankard about 12 months ago; the prisoner came to our house on the 11th of this instant, and called for a pint of beer; my sister was in the room; she came and said, there is the man come in that stole our tankard about twelve months ago; I carried the beer to him myself, on purpose to look at him; I then believed him to be the man; then I said, we will watch him to night; I went out of that room, and told two or three people that man we suspected was the man that took our tankard; I bored a hole through a place, and set my wife to watch him; after some time, my wife said, Come, come, now he is going to take it; he had before asked for a news paper, and had sat about an hour and a half; he covered the tankard with the paper, and then put his hand under the paper and conveyed it somewhere about him; then he put his hand behind him, I suppose to fasten it; there was Mr. Evans and Mr. Marks, whom I had mentioned the prisoner to; presently Mr. Marks came out and said, Baxter, I want to speak with you; that man has stole your tankard; I said, I knew that some time ago; the prisoner got up to go away, Mr. Marks followed him, and at the door said, How dare you take this man's property from him; said the prisoner, How dare you insult a gentleman in this manner; I said to the prisoner, I know you have my tankard about you; Mr. Marks put his hand betwixt the prisoner's legs, and pulled the tankard down from behind him, and a handkerchief which he had slinged it in; this was just after the prisoner was gone out of the room where he was drinking, into the yard; it is a long passage.


                  John 
                  Marks 
               



            . I was at Mr. Baxter's house. I am a taylor; my master was to pay me there that night; when he went to Mr. Baxter for change, Mr. Baxter said he could not do it; then he suspected he had a thief in the house; the prisoner call'd for the paper, and was reading it I believe an hour and an half; when the people went from the table he was at, he turned round and laid the paper over the tankard, and looking afterwards, I found the tankard was gone; I went to Mr. Baxter at the door, and said, the man has stole your tankard; he said he knew that; the prisoner came past me into the yard; I collared him and said, You have got a tankard of Mr. Baxter's; he said, I have not, how can you charge a gentleman so; search me; then Mr. Baxter took him by the collar, and I felt and found the tankard hanging behind him; there was a handkerchief put through the handle; I laid hold of that and pulled it from him; (produced and deposed to.)
Margaret, wife of Mr. Baxter, confirmed the evidence given by her husband and Mr. Marks.
Prisoner's defence.
I was drinking in that house; there were a great many people in the room; Mr. Baxter gave them a gallon of beer to watch me while I was there, to see if I took away this tankard; I took it to carry it to the bar, and Mr. Baxter took hold of one arm, and that man the other, and the tankard dropped down. I was brought up with my uncle, a woodmonger, in Scotland, and am waiting for a place under the government.
Prosecutor. The prisoner was a yard or two beyond the bar.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried for stealing a silver mug last sessions, No 427.
