





472. (L.) 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Pead 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 50 s. and a chrystal seal set in silver, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Price 
                  




                
            , Sept. 4
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Price 
               



            . I am a sailcloth-maker
 and live in Old-street; on the 4th of September between four and five in the afternoon, I was going to the Strand, and when I got into Smithfield


, it being Bartholomew-fair-time, on this side the hospital-gate, I was surrounded by a parcel of men, eight or nine of them, the prisoner was one of them; he put his left hand on my right shoulder, and another put his right hand on my left shoulder; the prisoner cried, Drive through, drive through. I made a full stop. and with some difficulty got myself back again from them. I went on the other side the gate till the mob was dispersed; I was standing reading a play bill that was stuck up, the prisoner came and laid his hand on my shoulder as before, and said, They will all be acted tonight, meaning the plays; I seeing the place was pretty clear, went to go the way I was going before, they both let me go; when I was about three yards on this side the hospital-gate, again I found myself much about the same situation as before; they took hold of my shoulders as they had before; some of them cry'd again, Drivethro', drive thro'. I had a little money about me and my watch; I clapped my hand down and found my money was safe; they drove me almost down by showing me at my back; after I took my hand away the prisoner let go his hand, and went from me: then I missed my watch: I looked about me and said, I had lost my watch; he that was on my left hand said, You should have taken more care of it; said I, I will take care of you, you insulted me while my pocket was picked; a boy who was standing by me said, He has not the watch, I saw another man take it out of your pocket, and he is gone that way, pointing towards Pye-corner. I was afraid to trust to him; then another boy said he saw him take it, and desired I would go that way with him, and he would shew me him; I went with them, and looking down towards Newgate-street, the the first boy said, there he goes, pointing to the prisoner; he was in Windmill-court; the prisoner got by the side of a house; he seeing he was pursued, stooped down, I saw him put his hand behind a spur-stone; I had a suspicion he had laid my watch down there; I ran after him and took him by the arm, and said, give me my watch; he said he had not got my watch, I might search him; said I, I saw you stoop at that place, you shall go back to it; I pull'd him; he said, what are you going to break my arm; I got him to the place, there lay my watch; I took it up and called for a constable; a gentleman near us said, you are a constable yourself, do you take care of him; I brought him here to the Old Bailey, the court was sitting; I took him into an inward room before an Alderman; the prisoner began first to tell his story; he said he was a Whitechapel officer, a housekeeper, and a citizen of London; I believe he is a Whitechapel officer; I have seen his name on a sign as such, in George-yard, Whitechapel.
Q. Did you feel the watch taken from you?
Price. No, I did not (produced and deposed to;) his companions have prevented me the assistance of the first boy's evidence, and caused him to run away from his master.


                  Robert 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am apprentice to a butcher; I was 16 years of age the 18th of August last; I was in Smithfield at this time, a little on this side the hospital-gate; I saw the prisoner come driving by me through the crowd with a watch in his hand, going to put it into his right hand waistcoat pocket; he went on towards Windmill-court.
Prisoner's defence.
I pick'd up the watch in Smithfield, and was going to get it advertised.
Prosecutor. If there had been an hundred watches on the ground at that time, they could not escape all of them being trod to pieces.
For the prisoner.


                  Geo 
                  Howard 
               



            . I am a hot-presser, and live in Chiswell street; I do not know the prisoner at all; I saw him pick up a watch the first day of Bartholomew-fair, in Smithfield, about five o'clock in the afternoon.
Q. Whereabouts in Smithfield.
Howard. It was betwixt the Cloyster-gate and the Red-cow, that is, on this side the gate, that is in the path way between the rails.
Q. Were there many people there at the time?
Howard. No, there were but very few; I saw him stooping, and saw it lie before him on the ground; he put it directly into his right hand pocket as he rose up: I do not know whether he put it in his coat or waistcoat pocket, then he went on towards the Red-cow
Q. Did you say any thing to him upon his finding it?
Howard. No, I did not.
Q. How came you in Smithfield at that time?
Howard. I was out of work
Q. When did you know of the prisoner's being taken up?
Howard. I heard he was in trouble.
Q. When did you hear that?
Howard. That was two or three days after.
Q. Where?
Howard. That was of a stranger at a public-house, the Ship in Drury-lane; he told me a man was taken up for picking a pocket in Bartholomew-fair, and committed to Newgate.
Q. What did you do upon that?
Howard. I said I saw a man pick up a watch there; this was one Sunday evening.
Q. Did you go to the prisoner after this?
Howard. I went to Newgate out of curiosity on the Sunday to see him.
Q. Did any body go with you?
Howard. No, I went alone.
Q. Who did you enquire for?
Howard. I did not enquire for any body; the gate was open, and I went up to the door; there I saw the man by accident.
Q. What did you say to him?
Howard. I said, So you are got here for picking the watch up; he said yes, I am got here.
Q. Was that all you said?
Howard. It was all I said, all that passed between us; I just looked round on the rest of the prisoners, and then came away.
Q. Have you got a subpoena?
Howard. I have (producing it.)
Q. How came you by it?
Howard. A woman brought it to me yesterday.
Q. Did you tell the prisoner you knew any thing about the watch?
Howard. No, I did not.
Q. Did you tell him where you lived?
Howard. No.
Q. Then how came he to know how to send you the subpoena?
Howard. I told it to the landlord at the public house.
Q. Can you guess how the woman that brought the paper came to know your name, or the place where you live?

Howard. No, Sir.
Q. Where did she find you?
Howard. She brought it me where I work, at the Bell in Drury-lane.
Q. How long have you used the Ship alehouse?
Howard. I have for this month past.
Q. What work are you employed in at the Bell in Drury-lane?
Howard. I am a hot-presser.
Q. Do you know who that woman was that brought the subpoena?
Howard. I know nothing of her; I cannot say who she is.
Q. Did not the prisoner ask you where you lived?
Howard. No; I told the landlord at the Ship I saw the man pick up a watch; he asked me my name and place of abode, in order that I might be sent for if wanted.
Q. What is your master's name?
Howard. His name is Cornish.


                  Richard 
                  Andrews 
               



            . I live in George-yard near Whitechapel-church; I have known the prisoner about five or six years, I believe he is an officer; he has a sign as such; all I say is he behaved honest to me.


                  Robert 
                  Evans 
               



            . I live at the end of George-yard; I never heard any thing of him in the neighbourhood but honesty.


                  Thomas 
                  Elliot 
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Bird 
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Malkin 
               



            , that live in George-yard, deposed to the same purport.
Prosecutor. When I had the prisoner before the Alderman, there was a man there said he was afraid I was a very bad man, saying he saw the prisoner pick up the watch in Smithfield; I turned and looked at him, and said, you are one that was in company with the prisoner at the time; he directly turned his story, and said he was in good company elsewhere at the time; and told the Alderman that the prisoner was a very honest man.
Q. Is that man here?
Prosecutor. No, he is not.
The landlord of the Ship in Drury-lane and Mr. Cornish were sent for, whose evidence was as follows.


                  Peter 
                  Cousins 
               



            . I keep the Ship alehouse in Drury-lane.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  George 
                  Howard 
               



            ?
Cousins. I do not by name.
Q. Do you know that man? (directing him to Howard.)
Cousins. Yes, I do.
Q. What is he?
Cousins. I believe he is a hot-presser by trade.
Q. Do you know where he worked?
Cousins. He did work at Mr. Cornish's.
Q. Did he use your house?
Cousins. I have seen him there with one that served his time with Mr. Cornish.
Q. Do you recollect any particular circumstance relative to a man whose pocket was pick'd in Smithfield?
Cousins. I cannot say I do.
Q. Had you ever any conversation with Howard upon that subject?
Cousins. No; I never changed any words with him, any further than serving him with liquor; I never heard a word about such a thing.
Q. Did he not tell you he saw a watch picked up in Smithfield by a man who was accused with stealing it?
Cousins. No.
Q. Did you not ask him his name or place of abode, in order that he might give evidence about it?
Cousins. No, I know nothing about it?
Court. He has been telling us that a stranger was telling him one Sunday evening, at your house, that there was a man taken up for picking a pocket of a watch in Smithfield, and that he told you he saw that man pick up a watch from off the ground; and that you desired him to tell him his name and where he lived, in order that you might send for him when wanted.
Cousins. There were never no such words pass between us.
Mr. Cornish. Howard work'd with me a month last Saturday; I hired him for a month certain, then he left me. I know no more of him.



               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
