





303. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burnett 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hynam 
                        




                      
                   on the 7th of April
, about the hour of four in the night, and stealing a silver tankard, value 9 l. a silver waiter, value 3 l. six silver table-spoons, value 3 l. a pair of silver tea-tongs, value 8 s. a silver milk-pot, a pair of silver salts, two silver salt-shovels, and five silver tops of cruet-stands, the property of the said William, in his dwelling-house
            . +


                  William 
                  Hynam 
               



            . My house is in Ratcliff High Way, at the corner of Prince's-Square


. On Saturday the 7th of April, in the morning, about six o'clock, my maid came and told me my house was broke open. I went down, and found the outside shutter of a window was wrenched off, and the things laid in the indictment (mentioning them) were taken away out of a closet. I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and got hand bills distributed about. On the Sunday morning Mr. Keys, Mr. Lyon, and Mr. Lazrous, came and told me some of the things were stopped, and that they had got one of the robbers.
Q. Was your house fast over night?
Hynam. My parlour, which I always sit in, was fast, which I left about half an hour after ten at night. I am always the last up in the house. I had an apprentice which lay in the shop. When he heard the shutter fall into the room, he got up, thinking the cat had thrown something down. He saw a man with a dark lanthorn, and he was so struck, that he ran and hid himself in his bed again. This he told me was about four o'clock. The shutter was thrown into the middle of the room from off the hinges.


                  Moses 
                  Lyon 
               



            . On a Saturday, ten minutes before six in the morning, the prisoner and another man came to my house. The man said he had got some plate. I said, It is my sabbath, therefore I cannot touch money to-day. If you leave it with me, I will go and weigh it, and pay you in the morning. After they were gone, I went to Mr. Lazrous and Mr. Keys, and let them know that such things were at my house, and asked what I should do. They said, Leave the plate at home, and when they come, we will come and take them. At night the prisoner came, and I gave notice to them. I put the spoons and salts in my pockets, and went over to an alehouse and shewed them to them. I told the prisoner I would not pay him, without the other, his companion, was there. The other man never spoke a word to me.


                  Solomon 
                  Lazrous 
               



            . Mr. Lyon came to me about two months ago, and said he was linked in with a parcel of thieves, who came to his house with stolen goods; and as he was an old man, he was afraid of being transported fourteen years. He advised with us what to do. We advised him to stop thegoods, and come to us, and we would assist him. He came one Saturday, about ten or eleven o'clock, and said, there were a couple of young fellows that had brought some plate, and had left it in his custody. I took him to Mr. Keys. They were to come to fetch the money. He agreed to give us notice. He came at night to us and agreed to give us a call. We went to his house. The door was upon the jar. The silver was all there, the prisoner and Lyon were agreeing, they talked of four shillings and four shillings and six-pence. Keys secured the prisoner, and the plate. He desired me to stay there, and he would go and see for the other thief. The prisoner said, Do not take the plate, for where that goes I must go. Keys came back again, but the other person got off. (The plate produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Henry 
                  Keys 
               



            . I am constable. I was there, and took the prisoner into custody.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met 
               
                  John 
                  Bagnall 
               



            , a schoolfellow of mine, who asked where I was going; I said to my father in Leadenhall-street. He asked me to go with him to Mr. Lyon's. I did. He then took out some plate. Mr. Lyon desired him to come again. At night he went down to Mr. Lyon's with some plate in his pocket, and some in a silk handkerchief. The two officers came up and took hold of me. They wanted to take the plate away; but I said the plate shall not go without me. I said, Where that goes, I will go to clear my character.
He called 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Beckman 
               



            , Francis Hill, and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Rowland 
               



            , who said they knew no ill of him.




               Guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 


               T
            .
