





505. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Wade 
                  



               
            . spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver snuffer-stand, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Dewberry 
                  




                
            , Esq
; August 10
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Dewberry 
               



            . I am wife to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Dewberry 
               



            ; the prisoner was my servant
; I did not miss the stand till I was sent for before the Justice; Mr. Notely a broker had carried her and that before the Justice on the 10th of August: she there acknowledged she had taken it out of our house; she told me her former mistress was stick, and she went to see her on the same day, and she was to return on Sunday the 12th. (The stand produced and deposed to.)
Mr. Notley. On the 10th of August, the prisoner brought this silver stand to me to pledge: I asked her who she came from? she said, from Mrs. Dewberry, and that she was an acquaintance of hers. I asked where she lived? she said, at Charing Cross. I said I would go along with her, and if so, I would let her have the money. I went with her, and there was no such person; then the prisoner said she was to meet her there; we waited there some time; no body came; then she took me to St. Martin's Lane: there she said she would send for her. She sent, and there came an old mean looking person, that called herself Dewberry. I thought she could not have such a thing; then the prisoner said some body had lent a silk gown, and taken this in pledge: I said, she had better tell the truth; then she said she took it from Mrs. Dewberry, her mistress, in Westminster; then I took her to Mr. Welch's office; he was not at home; we went to Colonel Dean, who sent for her mistress, and committed the prisoner to the Gatehouse.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the stand at the door, and did not know what it was, and the man frighted me when he took me up; I did not know how to behave, or what to do; I never was guilty of such a thing in my life before.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
