





37. (L.) 
               
                  John 
                  Marshall 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 490 pounds weight of sugar, value 80 l. the property of a person or persons unknown, in a certain lighter on the navigable river of Thames
            , Oct. 26
. ++


                  William 
                  Allen 
               



            . I am a King's officer; on the 26th of October I was appointed to the charge of a lighter of sugar, stationed at Bear-key


; I went about thirty yards from her, to talk to some of the King's officers for about half an hour; between two and three in the morning, on the 27th, the first man I saw, when I returned, was a man that came from the ship as a watchman, leaning over the side of the key, looking upon the lighter; in about half a minute I saw a lighterman come out of the lighter, he was one of the men that had moored the lighter; I sat in one of the land-waiter's boxes; in a minute or two I heard a knocking in the lighter; I then went to the officers that I had been with before, and told them I suspected somebody was robbing my charge; they came to my assistance, we went on board; I found the prisoner under the tarpaulin, with his shirt-sleeves tucked up; he made a resistance, but we secured him; we found five bags, and three handkerchiefs of sugar; we weighed it at the King's beam, it weighed 507 pounds; there was a boat fastened at the head of the lighter, ready to carry it off.


                  John 
                  White 
               



             and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Clements 
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lycett 
               



             and Thomas Touse, four watchmen that went to his assistance, confirmed the account he had given.
Prisoner's defence.
I brought a lighter up that morning, I made her fast on the outside; coming over the craft with my clothes on my arm, I slipped down; they called out, somebody was going to rob the lighter; they came and charged me; I said, do not make a noise, I will go with you.
He called Mr. Lovell, a Custom-house officer, Mr. Benson, a smith, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Turucliff 
               



            , a waterman, 
               
                  John 
                  Fargiman 
               



            , a publican, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Marshall 
               



            , his brother, who gave him a good character.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
