





274. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth, Wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Perry 
                     







            , was indicted, 


               together with her husband, (since dead) for stealing one cloth coat, value 5 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 2 s. one pair of cloth breeches, one pair of shoes, one pair of silver shoe-buckles, one pair of silver knee buckles, one Peruke, and 10 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Hatton 
                  




                
            , March 13
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Hatton 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar and I, were fellow servants together, at the Queen's-head tavern, in Holborn. She left the service, and I also: I went to live at the Golden-cross, Charing-cross: she came there, and told me her husband had entered for a soldier, and desired me to lend her some money to take some things out of pawn, and said, she would pay it me again: I told her I would, and went that night to see her: I was to bring the money the next night: I staid with her part of the night: and when I was asleep, she awaked me, and told me, her husband was coming: he came into the room: I had not time to examine after my cloaths, but got out of the room upon the stair-case: I staid there till the man of the house came with a candle to me, I believe the cloaths, mentioned in the indictment, coat, waistcoat, breeches, one stocking, shoe and knee-bukles, shoes, and a neckcloth, were left in the room: I am certain they were not brought out while I was on the stair-case: they turned me out naked. I went to a man who was so good as to lend me cloaths. I went and got a warrant, and took her and her husband up: I got all again, all but my money: he had carried my cloaths to the cock in Tottenham court road: they both confessed, before the justice, that they each had a hand in taking my things, and she had the waistcoat on her: they gave no account of the money: she had the buckles in her pocket.
Mr. Hart. On the 13th of March, about 7 in the morning, the prisoner and her husband were brought to my door: we carried them before Justice Cox at the Rotation-office: the prisoner acknowledged she had the prosecutor's buckles and waistcoat: they both confessed they were jointly concerned in taking the prosecutor's cloaths. We took the husband to Tottenham-court, where they said the things were, and found them, and brought them to Titchfield-street. The husband is since dead in prison.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take the cloaths.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
