





30. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Tophurst 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 50 s. a 27 shilling piece, and six shillings in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Clark 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , October 10
. +


                  William 
                  Clark 
               



            . I was a soldier
, but was discharged last week: I was going from the Isle of Jersey, on a furlough, to Newcastle upon Tyne; I was a stranger in London; I lay at a private house in Church-lane


; I was in liquor, and my sight being bad, could not find my way to Milbank, where I had lain two nights before.
Q. Where had you been?
Clark. I had been at the Turk's Head with an old soldier that I knew.
Q. Did you go into that private house alone?
Clark. There was an old woman that I pick'd up in the street; she took me to the house; I can't tell the landlord's name; I got there a little after ten o'clock; I had my watch and moidore in one pocket, and six shillings in the other; I pull'd out my watch to see what time it was, when I went to bed; and I had a pot of beer after I was in bed: there was a woman that lay in the next room; she came into my room; I gave her six-pence to go for the beer; she drank twice of it, and I gave her two pence for her trouble; she saw me pull my watch out; I put my breeches, with my watch and money under my head; and in the morning, my breeches were lying in the room, and my watch and money gone; I awaked a little before seven; by that time that woman and her companion was gone; the woman with whom I went to bed was still with me; the prisoner was her companion; I never saw him before he was taken up: I went and got a warrant to take that woman up, upon suspicion; she went by the same name; this was on the 10th of October, and the prisoner was committed the 18th: I took her up, and by her information, we found the watch near St. George's church, in the Borough; the pawnbroker is named Davidson. (The watch produced and deposed to). The Justice set 
               
                  Ann 
                  Tophurst 
               



             at liberty: the pawnbroker took the prisoner up.


                  William 
                  Davidson 
               



            . I live next door to St. George's Church, in the Borough; this watch produced here the prisoner at the bar brought to me the 11th of October, and said it was his own, and said he lived with Mr. Rogers, a Fishmonger, in Thames-street; he asked a guinea and a half upon it; I lent him 27 s. upon it. On the 15th the prosecutor and another man came to enquire for a watch that was left with me the Thursday before: they described it both by name and number; I went with them to Justice Welch; he desired I would take care of the watch, and if the thief came again, to stop him. On the 17th the prisoner came, with a servant to a man that sells things by Auction; the servant was to advance the money to take it out, and they were to sell it: I charged a constable with the prisoner, and carried him before Justice Welch; he said it was his own watch, and did not care where I carried him: first of all, he said he bought it in Dark-house lane for half a guinea, of a man that he did not know, about a week before: when the woman was brought and examined, they were examined separately; he said the woman had part of the money, and that there was another woman in the room; that they stole it, and he went and pawned it, and they all had a share of the money.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
