





301. (L) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Adams 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 20 pounds weight of sugar, value 6 s.
             the property of certain persons to the jurors unknown. October 8
. +


                  John 
                  Burch 
               



             I never saw the prisoner before the 8th of this instant to my knowledge; I am a gangsman on the keys in the merchants business, some of my partners were weighing sugar on the 8th of this instant; one of them had occasion for a quarter of an hundred weight, he came to me, and said, have an eye to Cox's key


, for there are people there garbling rice. I went, and saw the prisoner at the bar come down stairs from a garret. When he came to the bottom, he shut the door, and shut himself in, and there he would peep out. At last he popt out, and ran up the gateway. There was a cart which he could not get by, there I over took him. He said, for God's sake don't meddle with me, I never stole any thing in the warehouse before, pray let me go? I took him to the Hen and Chickens alehouse, and sent for a constable; and in the mean time he emptied part of what he had got. We could not perceive he had any, 'till we laid hold of him. He had two pieces of cheque aprons, sewed into the inside of his coat, for pockets, full of sugar, What we found in them both were 23 pounds weight.
Q. Who does the sugar belong to?
Burch. I do not know.


                  Thomas 
                  Grigg 
               



            . Burch called me to his assistance, he said this man had robbed him of some sugar We found upon him two pockets full of sugar, about 23 pounds of it. He said he would do so no more, if we would excuse him.


                  Barnabas 
                  Linton 
               



            . I was charged with the man at the bar, I saw Mr. Grigg cut the pocket from the prisoner's coat; there was about 22 pounds of it; he said if we would excuse him, he would never do the like again.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was hooping some rice, and in hooping it, coming for some nails, I saw some sugar lying upon the ground among melasses; I took it up; I did not know who it belonged to. I looked to see what place it came out of, and said to one of the men, I would see who it belonged to. I put it in my pocket, and went down to see if I could find any of the men that belonged to the wharf. In coming down, that gentleman met me, and asked me what I had got. I said sugar, that I found lying on the ground. He pulled and hauled me along, and put me in such a terror! I never was in any trouble before, I labour hard for my bread, and never did take delight in either one thing or other, but hard labour; they dragged me to a public-house, and used me very ill.
Q. to Burch. Are you sure this sugar was not lying on the ground?
Burch. I am sure it was not, here is too great a quantity of it to be left so; if any falls, we take it up, and put it in the hogshead again, or preserve it.
For the Prisoner.
Mr. Wood. I believe I have known the prisoner above seven years.
Q. What is his general character?
Wood. I never heard any other but that of a very good one, he is a hard working-man.
Mr. Fenner. I have known him about four years. I never heard any thing but that of a good character of him; I never heard this 'till today.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


