





470. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bignell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 8 s. half a guinea, a quarter guinea, and fifteen-pence in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Standish 
                  




                
            , May 10
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Standish 
               



            . I lodge at the sign of the Royal Exchange, Adams's Meuse, Grosvenor-square


; the prisoner lodged there to, and lay with me; he went out about five on Tuesday the 10th of May in the morning; he is a plaisterer's boy
; he came home again, and said he was too late for work, and he lay down again; he started up again, and said, Sam, do you know how much money you spent last night; I said, yes; I took my breeches from under my head, and told my money, and all was right which I had when I went to bed; I put it in my breeches, and put them by the side of the bed, thinking to get up soon; I fell asleep, and when I awaked he was gone, and my money out of my pocket; I could not find my shoes a good while, at last I found them a good way under the bed, my silver buckles were gone; he did not come back to his lodgings, he was taken a fortnight afterwards; I found he had sold my buckles to a silversmith in Bond-street.
Q. Did any body lie in that room besides the prisoner and you?
Standish. They were all gone out to work, when he came back there were no body but he and I, then my money was safe in my breeches.


                  Henry 
                  Bingham 
               



            . I live in Bond-street, I bought a pair of silver buckles of the prisoner on a Tuesday morning, I cannot tell the day of the month, I have melted them (as he described them, the prosecutor said his were such.)


                  Allen 
                  Farringdon 
               



            . I took the prisoner up in a public-house with a warrant from Justice Spinnage; he confessed taking the prosecutor's buckles and money, and carried him to the house where Mr. Bingham lives, who knew him directly.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
