





147 (L.) 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Earle 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Axford 
                  




                
            , March 10
.


                  William 
                  Axford 
               



            . On the 10th of March I was coming from the Exchange, and just before I came to St. Paul's Churchyard


 I thought I felt a man's hand in my pocket.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Axford. It was near three o'clock. I look'd over my shoulder, and saw the prisoner at the bar. I put my hand in my pocket, and found I had lost nothing at that time. I walk'd on into the churchyard, where I look'd back, and finding he followed me I thought I would stay and see a little of his performances. I stop'd at a print shop, and he came and fix'd himself at the rails of St. Paul's, where he made his observation (seemingly) whose pocket he could play upon best. I saw him eye other people's pockets as well as mine. He came up by me after he had stood there a minute or two, first on my left hand and then on my right. I observed his motions, altho' I looked earnestly at the prints; my handkerchief was then in my pocket. After he was behind me a little while he went away, and then I found my handkerchief was gone. I went after him and took him by the shoulder, saying, Now I have you. He then drop'd the handkerchief.
Q. How far had he gone from you?
Axford. Not above three or four yards.
Q. Are you certain he drop'd it?
Axford. Yes.
Q. Did you feel his hand in your pocket?
Axford. I can't swear I felt his hand in my pocket, tho' so intent on observing him ( the handkerchief produced in court and deposed to.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


