





3. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Bridget 
                     King 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 50 s. six guineas, and an eighteen shilling piece, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Drout 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Linger 
                     



, Nov. 26
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Drout 
               



            . I am a seaman
, I came home in the Montreal frigate that brought the Duke of York home; I had been to the India-house to receive some money due to me five years ago. On Thursday was se'nnight, as I was returning to my lodgings, I heard a girl singing at the Ship and Star in East Smithfield; I thought there might be some of my ship-mates there; this was between four and five in the afternoon; I called for a pint of slip; the girl at the bar came and sat by the side of me; then there came in an oyster woman, and we had some oysters; then she said, come, my dear, will you go with me to my room in the Back-lane


; I went with her; she asked me what I would give her; I told her I would give her 18 d. there came in Nanny King; she put the candle out, and went out and shut the door; then I took my watch out, and laid it down on the table by the bed-side; I had my purse, with my money in it, in my left-hand pocket; when I was lying with her, she got her hand in my pocket, and took my purse, and gave herself a spring away, and catched my watch from the table and ran away.
Q. Did you see her take your watch?
Drout. I did; there was a little bit of a shutter to the window, so that there was light came into the room; I catched hold of her gown, and tore a piece off, but she got away; there were six guineas, and an eighteen shilling piece in the purse; I went in search of her, and she was taken about twelve o'clock that night; I never found my watch nor money since.
Q. Was you drunk or sober?
Drout. I was as sober as I am now.
Q. Do you know whose house her room is in?
Drout. It is the house of Thomas Linger; I have been there two or three times since.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Drout. I never saw her before, but I know her face very well; she knew I had the money, for she saw it when I paid my reckoning.
Prisoner's defence.
I was drinking at the Ship and Star, and was going to have some sausages for supper; that man came in and sat down with two girls, and asked me if I would drink with him; I sat by the side of him and drank. He said, where do you live; he said he would go with me, but he could not stay all night; he went with me, and gave me six-pence; he wanted me to lie down on the bed; I said, I would not for so little money; he pulled his watch out of his pocket, and sat down by the fire, and because I would not lie down, he got me down some way or other. There came 
               
                  Anne 
                  Smith 
               



             and her husband into the room; I said, I would not lie down without he gave me more money; he said I should, and pinched me; I got up and went into the next room; after that he went to a public-house, and said he had lost his watch, he did not say a word of his money; and because I would not do as he would have me, he told every body he would hang me.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            



               T
            .
See her tried before, No 102, in the last mayoralty; see her also in the evidence given by 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hull 
               



            , on the the trial of Elizabeth Wall, No 411, in the same mayoralty.
