






298. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Baptista 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Francisco 
                     Moll 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hunter 
                        




                      
                  , privately, in the shop of the said Thomas
            , October 17
. ||
The prisoners being foreigners, an interpreter was sworn.


                  Thomas 
                  Hunter 
               



            , senior. I am a watch-maker and goldsmith
, and live in Fenchurch-street


; the two boys

 at the bar came into my shop. Moll interpreted for the other. They wanted to buy a pair of buttons.
Q. Did he speak English?
Hunter, senior. He did, pretty well, so as I understood him.
Q. When was this?
Hunter, senior. I believe it was about three weeks ago; I suspected them, and watched them as narrowly as I could, but did not miss any thing. They came again, but I was not at home when the watch was taken.


                  Thomas 
                  Hunter 
               



            , junior. I am son to the last witness; the two boys, at the bar, came into our shop on Saturday last, about 11 at noon. I was in a room at the back part of the shop; the apprentice. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Collings 
               



            , was in the shop alone. I saw 
               
                  Francisco 
                  Moll 
               



             take a watch from the work-bench, on the left-hand side of the shop, as they came in, and put it immediately into his pocket. I came out to him, and said he had taken something from off the board. He denied it. I think the words were, No got it. I told him he had got it, and must produce it. He put his hand into his pocket, took it out, and gave it to me.
Q. Did you see the other do any thing?
Hunter, junior. No, I did not; I carried them both before the sitting alderman, and they were committed.


                  Richard 
                  Collings 
               



             I am an apprentice to the prosecutor; the two boys came into the shop on Saturday last; one of them produced two shillings, and said he wanted to buy a pair of buttons. I turned my head round to look at them, and my young master came and seized him, and said he had taken something.
Q. Did you see him take any thing?
Collings. No, I did not.
Moll's Defence.
I took the watch up in my hand to look at it; I thought if it would suit me, I would buy it. The gentleman came and took hold of me directly; I had no intention to steal it.
Q. to Hunter, junior. Are you sure he put the watch into his pocket?
Hunter, junior. I am sure he did.
Q. Which pocket did he put it into?
Hunter, junior. To the best of my knowledge he put it into his right-hand waistcoat-pocket; I believe it was the green waistcoat he now has on.
Baptista 

               acquitted
            , Moll 


               guilty 4 s. 6 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


