






23. (M) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Spencer 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hughes 
               



             , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hughes 
                  




                
            , July 6
~
William Hughes. I gave 
               
                  John 
                  Thomas 
               



             my watch to clean about the 2 d of July.
Q. What sort of a watch is it?
Hughes. It is a silver one; I know nothing of the stealing of it.
Q. What was the name and number?
Hughes. The name was Kover, number 9430.


                  John 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I am a clock-maker, and live on Snow-hill; the prosecutor brought the watch to me, the Thursday before the 6th of July. On that day I lost it. I cleaned it, and went on the Sunday morning with it in my pocket, in order to carry it to him.
Q. Where does he live?
Thomas. He lives in the Strand; the door was not open. So I went to see an acquaintance of mine, who was upon guard. Then I went to Westminster; and at coming home, I went with my friend towards the Seven-dials; then it was about twelve at night. Coming along, we met a couple of girls; he went to them, and asked where was a Night-house. We went to one Mr. Capstick's, at the King's-arms, near the Seven-dials. The two girls knew the house; we had half a pint of gin, then another. We staid till almost three, then they took me to the Black-horse in St. Giles's.
Q. Were the girls the two prisoners at the bar.
Thomas. No. we had the girls along with us to the Black-horse. I had the watch in my pocket there. I pulled it out there.
Q. Were the prisoners there?
Thomas. I do not remember I saw the prisoners before I saw them at justice Welch's. My friend went away, being in liquor. I went from that Black-horse to another Black-horse, in Church-lane; there I had a pint of beer by myself; there I fell asleep in the box. The man said, Do not sleep, your watch is picked out of your pocket. I found my fob turned wrong-side outwards, and my watch gone. I found my money all was gone. I went home, and the owner came for his watch, and I told him how it was lost. Then I went up to the house where it was lost, and told the landlord I had lost my watch there. He said there was a watch and woman carried then to justice Welch's. The prosecutor was with me. I went to justice Welch's, and there I found my watch. I first described the name and number. [ The watch produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Thomas. This is the watch I lost that night. I told the justice I believed I was robbed of it. A woman was brought to me, it was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hughes 
               



            . I did not know her. The justice asked her how she came by the watch She said she took it out of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Spencer 
               



            's hand in a joke. Spencer was brought. I said I did not know that ever I saw her. The prisoners both said they never saw me in their lives before.
Q. Had you your watch at the last Black-horse you was at?
Thomas. I had and had pulled it out there. Hughes said to me. I was there, and that I was drunk, it was the first Black-horse that she saw me at. Spencer swore she never saw me.
Q. from 
               
                  Hughes 
                  Did 
               



             not you desire me to say I found the watch?
Thomas. No, that is false, I never did.
William cross. I am a constable, the prisoner Hughes was brought to the Round house; I heard she had a watch about her; I went to her, it was on the 7th of July; I asked her for the watch; she took it out of her bosom, and gave it to me; the same that is here produced. I asked her how she came by it. She said she had been along with Mrs. Spencer, and Mrs. Spencer had it in her hand, and she in a joke pulled it out of her hand, by which means the chain was pulled from the watch. I asked her whose property it was. She said, Mrs. Spencer's husband's. Then she was brought to Mr. Welch's, there she said the same; then a warrant was granted to take Spencer, she was brought there; she said she knew nothing about it; Mr. Welch desired me to keep the watch 'till farther light abo ut it, and the prisoners were committed; there was a seal to it.
Prosecutor. There were two seals to it when it went from me.
Hughes's Defence.
As for the gentleman, I know nothing of him, I never saw him 'till before the justice. This young woman (meaning Spencer) and I had been out, and both very much in liquor, as much as could be; we came home, and went in at the door; and after that this young man came into our house very dirty, he took a knife and scraped his coat, and asked if he could have a bed; we told him yes; Spencer took him up stairs; he asked the price of a bed; she told him six-pence; he said it was cheap enough, but he had no money about him, this was between two and three in the morning, he said he had been in a fray; then he said God bless me, he had got his watch and he would leave it; Spencer said she would not take it, except there were witness to it, and asked him what he would leave it for; he said for a crown; she called my landlady up stairs; said Spencer, you see this gentleman leaves his watch with me, without any thing to it, for a crown, 'till he comes again; I went out in the morning between four and five, and got my self into a scrape, and was taken up and put into the round-house, for stabbing a boy in the back; I having the watch, pulled it out of my bosom, after the gentleman asked me for it, and told him how I came by it, and delivered it to him.
For the Prisoner.


                  Sarah 
                  Marshall 
               



            . I live at the bottom of Dyot-street, Church-lane; the two prisoners lodge in my house; on the 6th of July a woman came and knocked at my door, between one and two o'clock; I asked who was there, and said I did not chuse to get up; she said, God bless you, I have been an old lodger with you, let this man wash him; I said it is an odd time of night, to wash people here; he came in all mud and dirt, and scraped his coat, and washed himself, then he asked to lie down, and he went to lie down, I did not get out of my bed.
Q. Who let the man in?
S. Marshall. The girls that worked on soldiers cloaths in my house let him in, as he took a girl up on the account of this watch, and she was cleared before justice Welch, he came to my bed-side after he was washed.
Q. What did he say to you?
S. Marshall. He said nothing to me any farther than to ask to lie down; I said the constable lives at the next door, and perhaps I may get into trouble for betting you in; I took one of the girls a box for letting him in.
Q. What time was this?
S. Marshall. This might be between one and two o'clock. he said he had no money at all, and he would leave his watch with them.
Q. Where was this that he said he would leave his watch?
S. Marshall. This was in the kitchen, I told him I did not take in any pawns.
Q. Who did he say he would leave it with?
S. Marshall. He said he would leave it with 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Spencer 
               



            , for she was the first girl he spoke to in the house.
Q. What did he speak with her about?
S. Marshall. It was because I refused to let him lie down, and he asked her to let him lie there. I never take no more than two pence a night, or a groat if they come at that time of the night.
Q. How much money was the watch pawned for?
S. Marshall. I cannot say how much, for the girls came down stairs, and told me he had left his watch with them; after that Hughes got out of the house and got into a scrape; he was not in my house half an hour in all the time, he went up stairs a small trifle of time, then he came down and went away.
Q. Was this talk about pawning the watch, after that of washing himself or before?
S Marshall. It was after that.
Q. Where did he wash himself?
S. Marshall. In the kitchen; he was very full of liquor and rolled up and down, and could not stand I would not let him lie down; at last the girl said, come landlady, perhaps this man may get into bad company let him lie down on the bed.

Q. Where was the prosecutor then?
S. Marshall. He was up stairs.
Q. How came he to go up stairs?
S. Marshall. He went up to the prisoners, and came down again, and they went out all together; he made the offer of the watch before he went up stairs.
Q. Where was Spencer?
S. Marshall. She was up stairs when he first came in, he asked for 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Spencer 
               



             at his coming in, he said he would leave the watch with her.
Q. Where was she when he offered to leave the watch with her?
S. Marshall. She was not in the room then at that time, she was up stairs.
Q. Who did he go up stairs along with?
S. Marshall. He went up along with the other two girls that work at soldiers cloaths.
Q. When did you see him afterwards?
S. Marshall. Never, 'till I saw him before the justice, I saw him go up, and I saw him come down.
Q. Did he leave his watch in your presence?
S. Marshall. No, he did not.
Q. Who came down stairs along with him?
S. Marshall. He came down stairs alone, very full of liquor.
Q. Had he any liquor in your house?
S. Marshall. No, none at all, every body were in bed, only some that were at soldiers work.
Q. Was you before justice Welch?
S. Marshall. I was; all I heard the good man say, was, he left the watch with them.
Q. Did you ever see the prosecutor before?
S. Marshall. No, never in my life.
Q. Had he ever been in your house before?
S. Marshall. No.
Q. How long had the prisoners lodged in your house?
S. Marshall. Ever since last Easter.
Q. to Thomas. Was you at this woman's house that night?
Thomas. No, I never was in her house in my life, nor never saw her 'till before the justice.
Q. Can you take upon you to swear you was not there?
Thomas. I can, and this woman and one Lee, were before justice Welch; and then she told quite another story.
Q. What did she say there?
Thomas. She said Spencer desired her to go to Mary Hughes, and get the watch from her, to make money of, to keep her while she was in the gaol,
Q. Did she mention any thing about your being at her house?
Thomas. No, she said not a word of such a thing; she there said, she never saw me before.
Q. Did either of the prisoners at the bar pretend to have you at their lodgings?
Thomas. No, they both said they did not know me, and that they had never seen me.
Q. In what condition was you? Had you been fighting?
Thomas. A man struck me a blow, and I had then a black eye.
Q. Do you remember your cloaths being scraped?
Thomas. I was washed at the Black Horse, and no where else.
Q. Was you so drunk, as not to be able to know what you did? Or was you sober enough to know each circumstance?
Thomas. I was sober enough to know what past.
Q. to Cross. Do you remember this woman being before justice Welch?
Cross. I do.
Q. What did Spencer say there?
Cross. She said, she knew nothing at all of it.
Q. Did she say she knew Thomas?
Cross. She said, she did not; that she never saw him before she saw him there.
Q. Was Marshall present in the hearing of that?
Cross. She was.
Q. Did you hear any thing about his being at Marshall's house?
Cross. No, I never heard a word of his being there, or of seeing either the man or the watch before, by Marshall.
Q. Was she there above once?
Cross. No, only once.
Q. What was she sent there for?
Cross. She came to give a character to the women, because they lodged in her house; I am sure that in all that past before the justice, she never talked of her seeing that man in her house.
Q. Whether you can recollect with certainty, that Marshall said, she had not seen the man before?

Cross. I can't recollect any word was mentioned of seeing him before.
Hughes 

               Guilty
            .
Spencer 

               Acquitted
            .
The jury declared they believed Marshall had perjured herself, on which she was committed to Newgate.




[Transportation. See summary.]


