






224. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Doolan 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one gold shirt-buckle set with garnet stones, value 16 s. and one shirt-buckle set with glass paste
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lewis 
                  




                
            , May 14
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I am a comb-maker
 and hard ware-man
, and live in Lombard-street


. On Saturday morning last, between 9 and 10 at night, the prisoner came into my shop under a pretence of buying a shirt-buckle; I shewed him some, I saw him conceal one in his hand, which was a garnet one set in gold; I looked so close after him that he could not put it down again without my seeing him; he said, he had one at home he would make an exchange with me, he said it cost 17 s. He went out of the shop, and told me he would bring it; I followed him, and overtook him in the passage to the Post-office, I took him by the collar and led him back to my shop, and said, he had stole a shirt-buckle from me and I should punish him. A constable was going by, I called him, and gave charge of him. The prisoner said, he hoped I would not expose him, and begged for mercy, and would have down'd on his knees in the shop, and put down two shirt-buckles on the counter; I only saw him take one, but he had taken a paste one set in silver, and a garnet one set in gold, I know them both to be mine, by my private mark. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I was charged with the prisoner. As I was taking the prisoner to the Compter, he said, is there no means by which I may get off? I said, no; he said, I can give you 5 guineas if you will let me run away; he acknowledged he took them, but said it was by mistake.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you know the prisoner before?
Prosecutor. I have seen him in my shop before; he was servant to Mr. Jackson, in the secretary's office at the Post-office.
The prisoner in his defence said, he had met with an acquaintance who had made him drink three glasses of rum, and he being fuddled, took them by mistake.
The prosecutor, upon being asked, said, he did not appear to him to be in liquor.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
