





208. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Gouge 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one tortoishell snuff-box set with a silver rim and top, value 10 s. one gold ring, val. 1 s. one pair of silver buckles, and one pair of silver shirt buttons
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Bowman 
                  




                
            , March 19
. ++


                  Edward 
                  Bowman 
               



            . I am a Smith
 on Puddle-dock-hill


, the prisoner was my apprentice
; I found my drawers open about the 18th of March, in my bed-chamber, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment; I suspected the prisoner.
Q. What branch of business are you in?
Bowman. I am in the engine way, and mend locks. I went to several pawnbrokers to enquire after the things, and found my box at Mr. Rodbard's in the open place Black Friars, it had a paper in the inside with the prisoner's name, it was pawned for 4 s. I paid 4 s. 3 d. for it, I could not find the other things. I took the prisoner up, and before my Lord-Mayor he said he was very sorry for what he had done in taking it, and said he never would be guilty of the like again.


                  John 
                  Isaac 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Rodbard. The prisoner pledg'd this box with me on the 19th of March last for 4 s. (producing it.)
Bowman. I took it out on the 21st of March.
Q. What is the rule by which you calculate your interest?
Isaac. We have three halfpence a month for 4 s.
Q. How came you to take more than three halfpence?
Isaac. Because there was one day past after the month.
Prisoner's Defence.
Somebody that owes me a spight has gone and taken this box, and pledg'd it in my name.


                  William 
                  Blashfield 
               



            , who had worked with him 12 months, and 
               
                  William 
                  Pritchard 
               



            , who had known him about 7 years, gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
