





502. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Hughes 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lister 
                        




                      
                  , on the 18th of August
, between the hours of eleven and twelve, and stealing a large pier looking glass, value 20 s. a pair of hose, made of silk and cotton, four china cups and saucers, value 18 d. a pair of scales to weigh gold, value 6 d. and a woman's linen hood, value 12 d. the property of the said John, in his dwelling-house
            . ++


                  Arthur 
                  Huston 
               



            . I am constable. On the 19th of July the prosecutor gave me charge of the prisoner, for breaking his house. This was about one in the night, at the watch-house. We took him before justice Welch: there he confessed every thing that he had done; that he broke in at the back part of the house, and broke a square of glass, after he had wrenched the window shutter up, and got into the house. Then I was ordered to examine his pockets, and in the lining of his coat I found four cups and four saucers, gold weights and scales, a pair of stockings, and a hood. The prisoner confessed he had taken them all. The prosecutor is not here.
Q. Who is this Mr. Lister?
Huston. He was a baker, but he has enough to live upon, and he has laid down business. I think the prisoner is his brother-in-law.


                  William 
                  Monseys 
               



            . I am a watchman in the parish of St. Ann's, Soho. I was sitting in my watchbox in Chapel-street, about one o'clock, and I heard a noise. I saw two men together; one called watch, and said, This man has a looking-glass under his arm. I went and asked him (it was the prisoner) where he was going with it. He said into a street near Hanover-square. I followed him. Then he brought me back to Carnaby market, where I saw another watchman. I said, I am out of my bounds, so I charged him with the prisoner. After we got him to the watch-house, he desired us to send for Mr. Lister. In the morning Mr. Lister came to the watch-house, who owned the glass, and said the prisoner had robbed him now three times. The prisoner owned he wrenched open the window, got in, and took it.


                  John 
                  Lister 
               



             and 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Lister 
               



             were called on their recognisance, but did not appear.
Prisoner's Defence.
They swear very false, I am as innocent as any man here. There is no shutter, and the window was open, so I went in, and went to sleep. He is my brother-in-law.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
