






452, 453. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Brown 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Eades 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing a piece of linen cheque, containing twelve handkerchiefs, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Steward 
                  




                
            , May 27
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Steward 
               



            . I keep a linen draper's-shop
 at the bottom of the Minories, Tower-hill


; the two prisoners came into my shop on the 27th of May, about five or six in the afternoon; they desired to look at some handkerchiefs; by their shuffling behaviour I had reason to suspect they had stole something after they were gone; I followed them about 200 yards; they went and leaned over some rails, I told a young man I suspected they had got some of my property; I went to them, and told them I believed I had got some handkerchiefs that would suit; in the mean time I turned up Eades's cloak, there I found a piece of cloth, containing twelve handkerchiefs, my property; then I took them to my house, they were searched, but nothing else found upon them (produced and deposed to.)



                  Jonathan 
                  Ball 
               



            . I was standing at the door where I live in Postern-row, Tower hill; the prosecutor came and told me he believed them women had got something out of his shop; they were standing against the rails, I saw him take the piece of handkerchiefs from Eades; she said, if he sent her to prison, she would have a coach, for she would not walk.
Brown's defence.
I had been servant
 at Dolwich, but being sick I came away; my mother gave me a trifle of money, I went to buy a petticoat and a couple of handkerchiefs; I went into the shop with Eades, what she did I cannot tell, I am innocent of it.


                  Mary 
                  Gromer 
               



            . The prisoner Brown lived servant with me, she behaved very well, she has been ill since she left me.
Eades's defence.
The gentleman knows I never handled a handkerchief; after I was got a little way from his shop I picked up that piece of cloth.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Green 
               



            , who had known her from her infancy, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



             her mother, who brought her up in her way in selling fish, gave her a good character.
Brown 

               Acquitted
            .
Eades 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
