





306. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hughes 
                  



               
            , was indicted; for that he, on the 17th of April
, 


               between the hours of eleven and three in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Bamber 
                        Gascoyne 
                     



                   , Esq
; did break and enter, and stole 11 holland shirts, value 20 l. 15 cambric handkerchiefs, value 12 l. five pair of linnen sheets, two linnen table cloths, seven holland shifts, six linnen caps, five cambric caps, two lawn aprons, one dimity petticoat, one child's coat, one holland frock, one holland child's shifting, two neckcloths, 36 linnen rubers, and six towels, the goods of the said Bamber Gascoyne, Esq; one linnen gown, two linnen handkerchiefs, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Stevens 
                        



                      
                  ; four linnen aprons, and one holland shift, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Formerson 
                        



                      
                  ; two linnen handkerchiefs, one linnen shift, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Howard 
                        



                      
                  ; one linnen gown, nine linnen shifts, 15 pair of linnen sleeves, the property of 
                     
                        Fra 
                        Richardson 
                     



                  ; and other goods, the property of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Hutchinson 
                     



                   , in the dwelling-house of Bamber Gascoyne, Esq
            ; +
Bamber Gascoyne, Esq; At the time of the robbery being committed. I was not in London; but when the prisoner at the bar was taken. I had word brought me in the country part of my goods were found upon him. I had a letter from Mr. Fielding, whose activity was great in it; he had some things brought before him my property, and I had set it forth 20 l. reward.
Q. How was your house broke open?
Gascoyne. My stable has a communication with the dwelling house by an arch; the place was broke where my postilion and coachman both lie when in town. I came up, and found the prisoner's wife was committed, and to be transported for another offence, (see No 232. in his mayoralty) and he was to be tried for his life for felony, but it was brought under value, and he was to be transported. I went to look at him, and had him before me at the goal-keeper's house.
Q. When was that?
Gascoyne. It was some time in September; I charged him with this robbery. His wife having these goods found upon her, and he was taken up with a number of picklock keys upon him (see his trial. No 275 in last Session's paper) the were such, that no lock could be safe where they came. I try'd to move him to give me an account, as it was a very particular robbery, thro' a laundry and places; after a most hardened manner he said, if I would give it him under my hand to get him to be made an evidence, he would. I told him, the law would not admit such a thing, but if I could get it I would; I observed he had a very fine shirt on. The wrist-bands were new put on, and very coarse, and very bad: I imagin'd it was mine; he laughed, and said, it was given him by a person in Cheshire four years ago. I made him strip; when I came to examine it, I observ'd; it having been used in hunting, was oblig'd to be mended. I knew it to be my shirt; I sent my laundry-maid to the keeper, and desired him to deliver it to her, and let the prisoner have any thing else to put on, which he did; as soon as my servant brought it in, she said it was my shirt; and upon her showing me, I saw upon the gusset the letters B. G. where they had been pick'd out, so that I am certain it is mine; the next morning I went to the goal again, in hopes to find him in a better humour; he still remained in the story, that it was given him; I said, I had it in my house on the 16th of April; he said, he had had it two years, and abus'd me again, for swearing to an old shirt, then he fell to one year; still I told him, it was in my possession at that time; I advis'd him to tell me where my things were; and do me justice; still he was extremely harden'd; then he told me, his wife could tell me. She was on board a transport ship; I got her from the ship; she gave-full and ample confession of the whole robbery, and by that I found my things in the pawnbrokers hands almost all over London. One of the women mention'd in the indictment, lost goods to the value of about 30 l. mine amounted to about 200 l. All my servants are here to prove the fastening of my doors, and that it was my shirt which the prisoner had on and the other things pawned at different pawnbrokers.


                  William 
                  Aldridge 
               



            . I am Mr. Gascoyne's servant; I was in town when he was out, on the 18th of April, between six and seven in the morning; I first found the inward door open, we went a little farther.

Q. Was the door broke?
Aldridge. No, I believe it had been opened by false keys; it was unlocked, we went into the house, and found the door partly open; then we went and found the next door open; so that we imagined they came in by false keys that way, by the coach-house, I had seen cloths in the laundry over night, the next morning they were part gone.
Q. Where is the laundry?
Aldridge. That is over the kitchen, the kitchen is under ground, the stable is level with the laundry; they came from the coach-house to the stable, from the stable to the laundry, and from thence to the house.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hutchenson 
               



            . I am, chamber-maid to Mr. Gascoyne; in April last, about the 17th, I was washing and ironing cloths; we had a great quanity of all sorts of linnen, some ironed, and some not.
Q. What time did you go to bed?
E. Hutchenson. I went to bed, a little before eleven o'clock.
Q. Did you all go to bed at that time?
E. Hutchenson. We did, and the doors were all made fast; we tried them all before we went to bed, except the door betwixt the laundry and the coachhouse.
Q. Were any of the stable servants in the house at that time?
E. Hutchenson. No, none of them; the next morning we miss'd the things mentioned in the indictment. (a shirt produced)
Q to Mr. Gascoyne. Look at this shirt.
Mr. Gascoyne. This is the shirt I had taken from off the prisoner's back.
Q. to Mrs. Hutchenson. Whose shirt is this?
Mrs. Hutchenson. This is Mr. Gascoyne's shirt.
Prisoner. That shirt has been washed about 40 times.
Q. to Mrs. Hutchenson. Tell the jury why you believe it to be his property.
Mrs. Hutchenson. Here is B. G. and a figure 14 on it, and my own work about it, that is, a piece on the side.
Q. When a mark is pick'd out, is it possible to know what that mark has been?
Mrs. Hutchenson. The mark of the needle remains.
Q. Will that never wear out?
Mrs. Hutchenson. No. (she puts a pin to the place, the jury inspect it, and find it visible)
Mrs. Hutchenson. This shirt was taken out of the laundry, amongst the rest that night.
Prisoner's Defence.
My wife bought and sold old cloths; she had taken it in her head to elope several times, and run away from me; she has taken my own cloths, and pawn'd them; and this shirt that I had on, and others, whether they were stole or not I cannot tell; she us'd to buy all the shirts I had; she kept company with other people for six or seven years, and pawn'd things in the name of Williams; I have for eight or ten years got my living by breaking horses, and nick and crop them.
For the Prisoner.


                  James 
                  Comer 
               



            . The prisoner's wife ran away from him.
Q. What was her way of life?
Comer. He says, she sold old cloths.
Q. Do you know that to be her employ?
Comer. I did not see her sell them.
Q. Where do you live?
Comer. I live in Featherstone-court, St. Luke's parish.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner?
Comer. I have known him 17 years, and upwards.
Q. What is his character?
Comer. I never heard any thing amiss of him, I never heard him suspected of any kind of crime before now.
Q. Did you ever give him a character before?
Comer. No.
Q. What are you?
Comer. I am an embosser.
Q. What is that?
Comer. It is a printer of woollen.


                  Jane 
                  Nowel 
               



            . The prisoner's wife ran away from him.
Q. How do you know that?
J. Nowel. I was told so; on the 11th of October, I delivered to him a writ.
Q Do you know it of your own knowledge?
J. Nowel. She came, and begg'd of me to let her lodge with me; I persuaded her to go home.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner?
J. Nowel. I have known him eleven years.

Q. Do you know of his wife dealing in old cloths?
J. Nowel. I never knew that she did.
Q. What is the prisoner's character?
J. Nowel. He bears a very just character.
Q. What is your business?
J. Nowel. I kept a cheesemonger's shop when I first knew him. I keep a public-house now; he always paid me.
Q. Do you not know of the prisoner being tried before?
J. Nowel. No; I never knew he was in trouble till within this three weeks.




               Guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


