





467. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Littleton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 10 lb. weight of pewter, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Gibson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , Sept. 2
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I am a pewterer

, in partnership with Mrs. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith 
               



            , and live in the Minories. I was sent for to the King's-arms alehouse, in Bishopsgate church-yard; they had got a bag of rough cast metal, that was left under a turner's stall: the person that keeps the alehouse, had sent for his pewterer, who sent for another pewterer, Mr. Fashion, in Bishopsgate-street, who knew they were our make, and sent for me: the prisoner was there when I was sent for; I knew they were ours: the prisoner said he took them out of a cellar. he turned a wheel for me four or five months. There is a particular mark on the mould, by which I know them. (The pewter produced in court, and deposed to by Prosecutrix).


                  Joshua 
                  Sudgen 
               



            . I keep a public-house, near Bishopsgate church-yard. This day three weeks in the morning, (there is a stable-yard close by my house) the men doing their business in the morning saw this bag of pewter hid under a shed, that is adjoining to my house, and desired me to take care of it, for the person that put it there, would certainly come to look for it again. I went to Mr. Fashion's, in Bishopsgate-street, that I deal with for my pots; he said they were stolen, and desired me to stop the person: the prisoner came about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, and the men in the yard asked him if he had lost any thing? he said, he had put a bag under the place, as he was going farther on business. I said, why did not you bring it into the house? he said he had not got any money to call for any thing, and he did not like to trouble the house.
Q. Did he say what was in the bag?
Sudgen. He said it was some metal. I said, if you will call in the afternoon, I'll make enquiry of the men in the yard about it: he made slight of it, and said, if it was gone, he did not suppose he should hear of it any more: he came again on the Monday morning, and called for a pennyworth of beer.
Q. Was he sober?
Sudgen. He appeared so. He asked me if I had heard any thing of his sack? I told him, I had, and if he would set down, I would enquire in the yard for the man that found it. I went and fetch'd Mr. Fashion to my house, and then I brought the bag out of my cellar to the prisoner, and asked him if every thing was right? he turned it out upon the table before Mr. Fashion, and said all was very right, all was there that he had left. Mr. Fashion asked him how he came by it? he said he bought it of a man in Spittal-fields. He asked him if he knew the man he bought it of? he said he did not. Mr. Fashion sent for a pewterer in Goodman's-fields, who said they were Mrs. Gibson's moulds.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was not sober when I said I took them; I was along with Capt. Jackson, and crack'd my skull, so that if I drink two or three pennyworths of beer; it makes me drunk.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Was he sober?
Prosecutrix. It was about nine o'clock in the morning, I think he was very sober.
He called 
               
                  Jane 
                  Samper 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Addison 
               



            , 
               
                  George 
                  Slee 
               



            , and 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Burton 
               



            , who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
