





32. (M.) 
               
                  Charles 
                  Johnson 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing two silver table spoons, value 10 s. a silver tea spoon, value 6 d. a china cup, a china saucer, and a damask napkin
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Marten 
                  




                
            , November 20
. *


                  Lazarus 
                  Mordecai 
               



            . I sell oranges and lemons. Last Wednesday was a fortnight I was in Mount-street, Grosvenor-square: I met the prisoner; he wanted to sell me two silver spoons, I said I would not buy them: he said they were not marked, I might buy them. There was 
               
                  Moses 
                  Manuell 
               



             by, I bid him take them in his hand; he did; then I told the prisoner he should not have them again, without he would go into somebody's house with me, and bring the owner of them: we went a little way; he catched hold of the spoons and bent them (produced in court.) I sent Moses for a constable: the prisoner went into a public house, and threw the spoons into the yard, where they were found; then we secured him; he at first said a fellow servant had given them to him. We took him before a Justice, he said they belonged to his mistress, that he said was 
               
                  Kitty 
                  Fisher 
               



            ; that he took them in the kitchen.


                  Moses 
                  Manuell 
               



            . I am an old cloathsman: I met the prisoner; he asked me to buy these two spoons; I said I did not buy such; he said, get me somebody to buy them. I not being strong enough to secure him, went to this Mordecai, and gave him an account of what the prisoner had said; then he went to the prisoner: (the rest as Mordecai had said before.)


                  Anne 
                  Fisher 
               



            . I am Mrs. Martin's mother. The prisoner owned he took these things from her. I cannot swear to the two table spoons; we lost such: the tea spoon and other things I know very well to be her property. My daughter's husband is gone to sea; his name is Henry.


                  John 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I am a beadle of St. George's parish; I was sent for to take the prisoner in custody: he and the things were delivered to my charge; he acknowledged he had taken these spoons to pay his passage to his mother (he was a black) he said shelived in the plantations abroad.


                  Robert 
                  Sherrard 
               



            . I took up these table spoons in the yard where the prisoner had thrown them.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
