





24. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hilliard 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Holt 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the coach-house of the said John
            , November 26
. +


                  John 
                  Knight 
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Holt, at Islington


: I have known the prisoner almost two years; he was chamberlain
 at the Pyed Bull: our coach-house was robbed of a coat, last Monday was se'ennight; it was a cold night, I was out late; I put my carriage up at almost eleven: I saw the prisoner in the yard; I said, What are you doing here? he said, he was a poor country fellow, and two men had left him there, and he had no money, and came there to lodge; I knew him, but did not tell him so: I said, Get away, or I shall find you a lodging: he walked off at that time; I went to bed: the next morning I found the chariot door open, and the box drawn out; the door would not shut to, till the box was put in; and the out-side door of the coach-house was undone: I went and told my master, and said I did not miss any thing; I then had not missed the coat, which afterwards I found was taken away: my master said he would have him taken up, as other stables had been robbed at Islington: he was taken, and examined before Justice Palmer; I was there, and heard him confess he had taken the coat. The confession was taken in writing.
The confession was read in court, wherein it appeared, he had taken the coat, and sold it to a person near the Gully-hole, in Chick lane, for 13 s. the confession was proved to be made voluntarily, by the justice's clerk.


                  Charles 
                  King 
               



             deposed, he bought the coat of the prisoner, where it was found.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
