





445. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Etridge 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 10 s. and one hat, laced with silver, value 4 s.
             the property of our Sovereign Lord 
               
                  the 
                  King 
               




             , June 19
. *


                  John 
                  Lockhart 
               



            . I am a soldier. I was asleep, on the 9th of June, at the Swan in Tottenham-court road


; in which time my coat and hat were taken away; I know not by whom: they were taken out of a tent. ( The coat and hat produced.)


                  George 
                  Duncan 
               



            , a serjeant, deposed, the coat was delivered to Lockhart to wear; his name being upon it: and that the hat was a regimental hat; but could not be certain whether it was Lockhart's.


                  Thomas 
                  Harper 
               



            . I am a constable. On the 19th of June I had a search warrant brought me; I was on my duty; and between twelve and one o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner at the bar, in Church-lane, St. Giles's with a hat; he seeing me coming, ran cross the way; I went and took hold of him, and this hat lay on the ground by him: I and the watchman went to the place were we first saw him; the watchman found the coat lying in the street: we took him to the watchhouse, and before Justice Cox the next day: I took this buckle out of his pocket. (Producing one.)
Lockhart. This is a regimental buckle; I lost mine, shoes and all; but I cannot swear to it.
Prisoner's Defence.
The night I was taken my mother was brought to bed; she sent me down stairs; there came up a brewer's servant with a bundle; he said, if I would stay with the bundle, he would give me a halfpenny; I gave information of this to the round-house keeper. I lately bought them buckles, having none in my shoes.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            



               T
            .
