






283. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Emblen 
                  



                
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two pieces of woollen-cloath, called broad ells, containing 48 yards, value 5 l. 13 s. one other certain piece of woollen-cloth, called long ells, containing 24 yards, value 50 s. and three other pieces of woollen-cloth, the property of the 
                     
united company of merchants, trading to the East Indies



                  , in the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Jonathan 
                        Wheebell 
                     



; and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pearce 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , July 7

.~


                  Jonathan 
                  Wheebell 
               



            . I am a callender, and live in Sherborne-lane, Mr. Webb and his servants look over the goods, I have, belonging to the East-India company. I had many pieces in the uppermost room in my house. On or about the beginning of August, I missed some pieces.
Q. From whom do you receive them?
Wheebell. We receive them from the setters belonging to the company. The first piece we mist, was a scarlet long ell, which I received of Mr. Goddard, there was of it 24 yards, more or less. I also missed two broad ells, them I received of Mr. Fleming, the other three pieces I received of Mr. Butler. After that, I missed other pieces; immediately I ordered my people to stop working, and take up a rest; that is, taking an account of the goods in the house, and comparing them with my shop-book. My apprentice 
               
                  Geo 
                  Bowes 
               



             told me, that the prisoner Emblen had rang for him sometimes, at half an hour before six o'clock, and he would go in and stay may be half an hour, and go away, and perhaps he should not see him all the day after. Upon which I had a suspicion of him, and I went to my Lord Mayor, for a warrant against him. On Saturday the 22d of August, my apprentice came to me for the key of the street-door, and acquainted me that Emblen was at the street-door. I told him to take the key, and let him in, and take not the least notice of any thing, and I would be down soon, I went down, and took charge of the street door, and sent my apprentice to the east end of my house, that goes down a passage between Ab-Church, and my house, to see if any thing was thrown out at a window, for we did suspect things were carried off that way; the boy will give an account of what he saw. I remained in the shop, and in about 12 or 15 minutes, the prisoner came down. I asked him what he had been doing in my house; I should have told the court, that on the Thursday, missing the two broads, I sent word to Mr. Webb, what goods I missed, and that I suspected the prisoner (his servant.) Mr. Webb let me know, that he had discharged him about six weeks before. When I asked the prisoner what he did in my house, he said, he came to work. I asked him who he work'd for; he said, for Mr. Webb, I said, Mr. Webb says, you have not work'd for him this six weeks, and I have lost some pieces belonging to the East India company, and I believe you know where they are; and I do not intend to part with you, but shall charge the constable with you; he was carried to the Compter. After the constable came back, I was called down and, told they had been and examined the drawing-room, where those goods were, to see if they were in the same manner they had been left on the Friday evening. The constable and several people were present, we went to see, and thought it necessary to unpin a bundle, and there saw a scarlet long ell was taken out, and it was found pack'd up ready for taking away; that was put into the hands of the constable in the condition it was. Upon the information of the prisoner, we got a warrand to apprehend 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hewlet 
               



            , and a search-warrant, to search the house of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pearce 
               



            , but I was not present when his house was searched.


                  George 
                  Bowes 
               



            . I was 14 years of age the 2d of last February.
Q. Do you know what it is to swear falsely?
Bowes. It is a very bad crime.
Q. What will be the punishment for so doing?
Bowes. The torments of Hell.
He is sworn.


                  George 
                  Bowes 
               



            . I live in Sherborne-lane with Mr. Whebell. The prisoner used to work at our house: on Thursday, the 20th of August, we were examining the goods, we missed two broad long ells: I went and told my master of it, and told him, I thought it was very odd of this man coming in a morning, and ringing me up at about 25 minutes before six, and going in, and staying about a quarter of an hour, and going away, and never coming again all day. On the 21st we missed three blue ells; I went and told master of it; he said, he would watch the prisoner next morning. On Saturday we laid watch for him; he came in the morning, and rang at the door, and I went up and told my master; he gave me the key of the street-door: I went and let him in; he asked me for the bottom, I said I knew nothing of it (that is, a rowl of cloth, about the bigness of three fingers, upon which they rowl their silks of different colours.) He went up stairs, and my master came down and sent me to the corner, to see if any thing was thrown out at a window by Ab-church: that window belongs to the drawing-room, where the cloth-drawers work. I went, and saw a lame man in a light coloured coat, who went away when he saw me: he was looking up to that window. I saw Emblen look out at the window, but he put his head in presently: he came down in about five or ten minutes afterwards, and my master and the constable took him. I told my master, I had seen him looking out at the window, holding the sash with his hand. Master asked him what he wanted here; he said he came to work; master said, who for? he said for Mr. Webb; master said, Mr. Webb said, he had been discharged from him six weeks; master told him he had lost six pieces, and he believed him to be the man that had taken them; he said, he knew nothing of them. I went with the others to take 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hewlet 
               



            , the same man that I saw looking up at the window; he is here, the next witness.


                  Thomas 
                  Hewlet 
               



            . I am a shoemaker by trade. I have known the prisoner Emblen (he is a soldier) about 18 months. The first time I saw him was at the Half-moon, Aldersgate-street, in the kitchen; I have seen him there several times since. I think, about the beginning of August last, in that kitchen, he said to me, Mr. Hewlet, will you do an errand for me to-morrow morning. I asked where: he told me, I was to go just by St. Mary Ab-church, Cannon-street, and he would give me a shilling for my trouble; I asked him what time I was to be there; he said about six o'clock, or a little after: according to his desire, I went; he said, I shall not come down stairs to bring the things to you, I shall fling the parcel out, at the window to you, and do you carry it to Mr. Cape's, a barber, in Half-moon alley, Aldersgate-street: there I was to leave them for him, till he could call for them. I went, and he flung a parcel out at the window: this was about six, or a few minutes after. The window is, I believe, about three stories high, facing the church: the parcel was tied up in an apron and hanker-chief: the parcel looked red; but what was in it I do not know. About nine, that very day, he came, and brought me a shilling, to the place were I work, I keep a cobler's stall, in Bartholomew-close; he asked me to drink part of a pot of beer, which I accepted of. I think I saw him the next week following; then he asked me if I would go again: I did, and did the very same as before, and carried the parcel to the same place; he told me, they were goods of his father's, and that he acted as a factor for his father in London: that his father lives in the country, and was a clothier. I think this bundle was bound about with a coase apron, and two handkerchiefs, one red and white, the other a sort of a blue and white, bound about with packthread. This parcel he ordered me to leave at the general Blakeny's-head, at the corner of Half-moon alley, a public-house, Mr. Ashwood keeps it. I was paid a shilling for that, about an hour, or an hour and half after, at the Half-moon. On the 17th of August, in the evening, I was at the Coach and Horses in Bartholomew-close, he there asked me, if I would go again to fetch some more things for him; I told him yes, with all my heart: he said, he would pay me as usual; he said, he would meet me at the Ax inn, in Aldermanbury, about three quarters after five in the morning. I met him; this was on the 18th: as we walked along, he told me he had a draft of 15 l. from the country, and the next week he should have a large quantity of goods from his father. We got to Sherborne-lane about six; I saw him go into the house at a corner; he went up stairs, I went and stood in the alley over-against the church.
Q. Do you know how he got into the house?
Hewlet. He knock'd with his knuckles, and called Georgey.
Q. Did you see him make his appearance at the window?
Hewlet. I believe I was about five minutes there, before I saw him at the window.
Q. Did that window belong to the house where you saw him go in?
Hewlet. I believe it does, he flung down a parcel, I can't tell what it was, it was tied up in an apron and handkerchief, as the others, much about the same size. I carried that to Geneneral Blakeny's-head, and was paid a shilling for it; in the house where I carried it, he gave me a glass of two-penny, and a dram. On the Wednesday night, the 19th, he came to me again, to the Coach and Horses, I was in the Skittle-ground. He asked me if I would go again the next morning, and meet him at the Ax-Inn again, I was to be there by half an hour after five, or a quarter before six. I met him there at a quarter before six; I parted with him in Swithin's-Lane, he went up Sherborne-Lane, and I down Swithin's-Lane, into Cannon-Street. He said, he had not quite finished them, and he would not make me wait too long; I did not see him go into a house that time; I got there about six o'clock, the time as usual.
Q. How could that be?
Hewlet. It was not many yards round to go that way, this was the last time that ever I fetch'd any thing for him; he flung a parcel out of the window, much in the same manner and size as the other three. He followed me, and over-took me, just as I got into Cannon-Street, by St. Antholin's church; he had got a parcel in each side of his coat, which hung down long, it was as if it was between the lining and his coat, like a pocket.
Q. What day was this?
Hewlet. This was on the 20th. We went together to General 
               
                  Blakeny
               


            's-head, then he took these two pieces out of his coat, and likewise untied the parcel that I had brought: he desired the girl belonging to the alehouse to lend him a needle: the two pieces were both blue; he took and fine-drawed them togeth er: they seemed to me as if they had been cut; then he took it into the tap-room, and measured it; it measured 23 or 24 yards and a half, I will not be positive; but am sure it was one or the other. My parcel was blue, just the same as that he brought himself; he said, it was Kersey; but I do not understand those things. This was the last time I went for him, till the Friday morning the 21st, he asked me to go then; he told me, he gave Mr. Whebell's boy half a crown at Christmas, for taking care that his master should not see him. So I went, on this Saturday morning, and watched a quarter of an hour, and never saw him look out; and then I came away without any thing; this time I met him at the same place, and went into Swithin's-lane, and then parted with him as before.
Q. How many times did you see him go into that house?
Hewlet. I never saw him go in but once.
Q. Did you see or hear any thing that last time, before you went away? Tell us the reason of your going away?
Hewlet. The true reason was, I believe, I watched about 15 minutes, and the window was not open.
Q. Did you see the constable?
Hewlet. I never minded him at all.
Q. Did not you perceive yourself watched?
Did you not see the lad?
Hewlet. I do not remember I saw him.
Q. How was you dressed?
Hewlet. I was dressed in a white frock, with a leather apron on.
Q. Are you sure the window was not open while you was there?
Hewlet. I am sure it was not, while I was there; that I will be upon my oath 20 time.



                  George 
                  Bowes 
               



            . This evidence saw me as plain as I saw him, and then he made off.
Q Do you know whose house this was, that you saw him go into?
Hewlet. No, only as Mr. Whebell says, it is his house.
Q. Do you know Pearce;
Hewlet. I was once at his house; the other prisoner ask'd me once to go and fetch a piece from Mr. Pearce's house, that he would not buy; he asked me this at Mr. Ashward's. I went and fetch'd it from Mr. Pearce's, and brought it to the Blakeney's-head to Emblen. I do not know what he did with it, I never saw him sell a piece in my life.
Q. What is Mr. Pearce?
Hewlet. He is a piece-broker; when I came there the piece lay open, partly on the middle of the counter.
Q. Was it covered with any thing?
Hewlet. No. Mr. Pearce desired his youngest son to tie it up with a piece of packthread, and deliver it to me, which he did, and I carried it to Emblen.


                  John 
                  Webb 
               



            . I live in Basinghall-street, I am a cloth-drawer. I imployed the prisoner Emblen one month during this year; but the year before I employed him a good deal; I discharged him I believe, about six or seven weeks before this thing came out; he worked for me at the house of Mr. Whebell. Mr. Whebell sent for me, and told me of this affair. I told him how long he had been discharged from me.


                  John 
                  Ernshaw 
               



            . I am a taylor, and live in Half-moon-passage, I bought four long ells of him, within a week of the time he was taken up, [Produced in court.]
Q. to Whebell. These are of the same mark with an order of 40 pieces I had in the house, belonging to the hon. East India company. This number were missing, they are marked with B Y R in a frame as the rest, [ Looking on the mark. ] The piece of scarlet was missing about the beginning of August, and two others on the 20th of August.
Ernshaw. I bought two narrow pieces of the prisoner, [ Produced in court.] 24 yards each.
Whebell. These are of the very same sort of some I lost belonging to the company.
Mr. Baxter. I am a packer, and work for the East India company. [He deposed to the pieces having gone through his hands, and to the marks, &c.]
Mr Brown. I am constable, I searched Mr. Pearce's house, he produced a piece of scarlet, and a piece of blue cloth, these Pearce delivered to me. He said, he gave 25 s. for the scarlet, and 22 s. for the blue, and that he bought them of Emblen.
Mr. Whebell. about the 28th, or a few days after, Mr. Pearce came to me, and said, he had bought two pieces of Emblen, and was sorry for it, and that if he had known him to be what he then found him to be, he would have had no concerns with him; he offered to make me any satisfaction.
Emblen 


               Guilty 39 s.
            

Pearce 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


