





529. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Wood 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four pieces of white callico, value 3 l. 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Napper 
                  




                
            , July 24
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Bowering 
               



            . Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Napper 
               



             is a linen printer
 at Old Ford


, the prisoner worked for him sixteen months ago; about six weeks ago I was alarmed by one of our men, between two and three in the morning, that a robbery had been committed; I examined 122 pieces of callico, sent in to be printed; there remained but 118, they contain about twelve yards in a piece; I went as directed to the turnpike, and told the people I had lost four pieces, marked H. E. they were sent in by Mess. Hill and Eastgate; the prisoner was there stopped, and sent to the watch-house.


                  Thomas 
                  Asiley 
               



            . I am a collector at the turnpike; I was upon duty about two o'clock, a man passed me with a bundle on his back; about three minutes after I heard some body call, stop him, kill him, shoot him; I went and laid hold of the prisoner's collar, and brought him to the turnpike; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sparrow 
               



             was running after him; he brought a parcel; we took them out, and found there were four pieces of white callico marked H. E. there was a man that worked for Mr. Napper came and saw the goods, he said they belonged to Mr. Napper.


                  Thomas 
                  Sparrow 
               



            . About the 24th of July I saw a man crossing the road towards Bow, with something white; I went and felt it, and found it was cloth; he took the bundle and throwed it at me, and said, take it, you may be d - d, he ran away; then I called to the man at the gate, I brought the bundle there, the same which Mr. Bowering has swore to, being taken from the custody of Mr. Napper.
Prisoner's defence.
I was never near the place; I was coming home, and picked up a great bundle by the water near Bow-bridge.
For the prisoner.


                  Hannah 
                  Jones 
               



            . I have known the prisoner a long time; I saw him take up a bundle by Bow-bridge.
Q. Which side of Bow-bridge was it?
H. Jones. I do not know.
Q. How came you there at that time?
H. Jones. I was going in the country about some business.
Q. What business?
H. Jones. I was going for my husband.
Q. Where was your husband?
H. Jones. I don't know.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
