





282. (M) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Hull 
                  , otherwise 
John Doleman




            , was indicted for 


               stealing five pair of silk stockings, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Evan 
                           Vaughan 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Evan
            , May 23
. +


                  Mary 
                  Vaughan 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Evan 
                  Vaughan 
               



            , we keep a hosier's shop
. On the 23rd of May, a pane of glass in the shop window was broke a little before nine in the evening, and five pair of silk stockings that lay close to the place were taken out; I had them in my hand about a quarter of an hour before.


                  William 
                  Richardson 
               



            . I shall be twelve years of age the 16th of this month; I was standing at our door, which is two doors below the prosecutor's, about a quarter of an hour before nine at night, last Saturday was se'nnight, I saw the prisoner go to their window and break a pane of glass.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Richardson. No, I did not, but I am sure it was he; he was in a blue coat, and his hat slapped before; he was hardly half a minute at the window; when he had done it he ran up a little passage; he ran against a post and was stopped.
Q. Did you see him put his hand into the window?


                  Richardson
               


             No, I did not.


                  Elizabeth
                   E. I
               



             was in Mr. Vaughan's shop at the time; upon he ran in, glaletly I ran out, this little boy said, the m that passage, a poit had stopped him, I took hold of him, and brought him into the shop; he made but little resistance. The constable going by, we took the prisoner before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , at first he said he was pushed against he window; when he was first charged with it, he said, if he broke it he would pay for it, but he had no money in his pocket, he would leave his neckcloth, hat, and wig.


                  Joseph 
                  Levi 
               



            . I was going by, and seeing a number of people about the prosecutor's door, I was told a man had broke his window; I pushed through the people, and went into the shop; I asked the prisoner what account he could give of himself; he said, he lived at the Bric layer's Arms somewhere in Westminster, and was a blacksmith by trade, and had been out of business half a year; I saw some blood on his neckcloth; I asked him how that came; his right hand was done up in his handkerchief; I made him take it off; then I saw his finger was fresh cut, and his hand was bloody; I asked him how he came by that; he said it was a push; afterwards he said it was done by the scratch of a pin, which the gentlewoman gave him. We took him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , he was well known there; Sir John's clerk said, you had the luck to escape last sessions, but you will not the next; he answered he was not cast last sessions, and he was sure he should not this; the clerk said, search his pocket; the prisoner said, he had only got a Holland doit there, the finest in England.
Prisoner's defence.
Going home to my lodgings I heard a glass window break; I saw a person run up into a court, I ran after him, and cried, stop him; the gentlewoman came and laid hold of me, and said, I believe you are the person that has broke the window, you must come along with me; I said, with all my heart; Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             asked if any stockings were found upon me; they said, no, they never saw them afterwards.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried for receiving stolen goods, No 250, in Mr. Alderman Nelson's mayoralty; and No 274 in this, for stealing some hand-whips.
