






34. (M) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hanford 
                  , otherwise 
Gordon




            , was indicted for 


               stealing three glass castors, with silver tops, value 5 s. two glass crewets, with silver tops, value 4 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Amery 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said William, privately
            , Nov. 17
. ++


                  William 
                  Amery 
               



            . I lost three glass castors, and two crewets, that is a set, out of my shop, on the 17th of November. I had intelligence the next day, one of them was sold in Shoe-lane, to Mrs. Tarret. I went there and found it to be one of mine. She described the prisoner at the bar, and said he told her, he found it in the street, and that his name was Gordon. They were taken out of a frame that hangs in my shop to sell. The frame belonging to the set was left behind. She told me the man she bought it of was to be found at the Shepherd and Dog by Fleet-ditch. I went next day there, and saw the prisoner. I took the castor out of my pocket, and asked the prisoner if he knew that: he said, he never saw it in his life. Afterwards, he said, we found it in Fleet street, between the New-Market, and Salisbury-court, but was in different stories how he came by it. His right name is 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hanford 
               



            . I took him before an alderman: he was committed on suspicion.
Q. How much are their value?
Amery. The castors stood me in 37 shillings.


                  Walter 
                  Anderson 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Tarret, on Tuesday morning the prisoner came to our house, and called for a pint of beer; he said, he had met with a disappointment about a job, but he had made a pretty good day's work, he had found a find, which he had been offered 2 s. for, and took a glass castor out of his pocket. He said, he had been to a silversmith to know if the top was silver; and the silversmith offer'd him 18 d. for the top. He sold it to my mistress for half a crown. When the gentleman came the next day, I went with him to the Shepherd and Dog. Then the prisoner said, he was a fellowship-porter, and had such a ticket on; but he was not of the fellowship, and he told the alderman, his master lent him the ticket for fear of being pressed.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked this castor up at the corner of the street, a man bid me 2 s. for it. I told him if it was worth that it was worth more. I went into the alehouse. It was dirty on the top. I told the woman, if she would give me half a crown for it, she should have it. She bought it, and I told her, I was to be seen at the Shepherd and Dog.




               Guilty. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


