





49. (L) 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     Holloway 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one mahogony tea-chest, value 5 s. seven silver tea-spoons, and one silver tea-tongs, value 14 s. one linnen shift, one linnen shirt, one linnen gown, and two pair of stockings
            , the property of 
               
                  Jos 
                  Philips 
               




             , December 13
. ||
Jos. Philips. I live in Duke's-place, and keep a cook's shop
. The prisoner lived servant
 with me four weeks. On the 13th of December I got up pretty late; she was up before me; she was dressing the child: the baker had brought a basket of bread: I unlocked the closet door for her, put the bread in, and went to the Synagogue: I had not been gone half an hour before my wife sent for me. I went home, and found my maid was gone off, and had taken the things mentioned in the indictment away. I went to all the pawnbrokers shops in Houndsditch, and Rag fair, to enquire for her; and afterwards met her in Bishopsgate street, facing Devonshire-street. I said to her, what have you done? She answered, I am quite undone, and fell about my neck, and kissed me. I brought her home, and sent for an officer. She was much in liquor. She said, Have patience, you shall have them all again; they are sold I don't know where. The officer said to her, Where is the money you sold them for? She said, she did not know. She had about 6 s. and 6 d. in silver, and 2 s. and 9 d. in brass about her. She said, This is my master's money, that I sold the things for. We sent her to the Compter. On the Monday morning following she owned she had sold the tea-chest at a shop on the right-hand in the Minories, for 18 d. and the tea-spoons at the the corner of the Minories, at a shop going into Rag-fair, but could not tell what money she sold the things for. She said she had 4 s. and 6 d. for the rest of the things, which she sold in Rag-fair. We found the tea-chest in the shop of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Reynolds 
               



            , the shop that she had described.


                  Abraham 
                  Abrahams 
               



            . I am a constable, I was sent for on the Saturday evening to take charge of the woman at the bar; I found her full of liquor; she could hardly give an answer to any question. She said she had sold the tea-spoons to a silversmith in the Minories; but she being so drunk, we did not care to go any where with her that night. We searched her, and found 6 s. and 6 d. in silver, and 2 s. and 9 d. in halfpence upon her. She said she had that money for his goods, and that she had lost a piece of gold. Whether it was a guinea, or a half-guinea, she could not tell. I carried her to the Compter that night, and on Monday before the alderman. On her describing where the shop was where she sold the spoons, I took her there: I told the woman I had a warrant to search. She delivered the seven spoons, and tea-tongs. They answered the description the prosecutor gave of them. The prisoner confessed the whole before the alderman.


                  Thomas 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I am a silversmith, and live in the Minories: the prisoner pawned seven silver tea-spoons on Saturday night, the 13th of December, about four or five in the afternoon. [ Produced in court, and deposed to.] My wife paid seventeen shillings for them.
Q. Did you see it paid?
Reynolds. I did. The prisoner said her name was Philips: they weigh three ounces and three penny-weights.
Prisoner's Defence.
I leave myself to my master's mercy and the court: it is a fault I never committed before, but I was very much in liquor to be sure.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


