





348. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of blankets, value 10 s. two pillows, value 2 s. two pillow-cases, value 2 s. one mattress value 2 s. one bolster, value 1 s one sattin quilt, value 10 s. and one linen sheet, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Allen 
                  




                
            , June 1
. *


                  Walter 
                  Allen 
               



            . On the first of June last, a fire happened at Rotherhithe


, in Surry, where I live: I was going to Peckham; a person informed me there was a fire; I returned; and when I had got within about 2 or 300 yards of my house, I saw the fire was within twenty or thirty yards of it: my daughter told me she had taken care of some particular parcels, and gave nothing into the hands of any people but what she knew. My house was burnt down in about half an hour after I came there: I have seen the goods since mentioned in the indictment. (Produced and deposed to).


                  Margaret 
                  Allen 
               



            . I am daughter to the prosecutor; I never saw the prisoner at the time of the fire, neither did I deliver any goods to him; all I delivered out, I delivered to people that I knew; we had two apprentices, and a maid servant; the apprentices were not at home, and the maid was with me all the time; these are my father's property, (pointing to the goods produced); the maid did not deliver any thing to the prisoner.


                  Martha 
                  King 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar brought the things here produced to my house in Old Gravel-lane, which is in Middlesex, on the first of June, about eleven o'clock at night, and desired leave to let them be left all night; after that he desired I would let him lie there; I told him we let no lodgings: then he asked me if I would buy the things; I said I would not: then he took up the bundle, and went out; our neighbours being out, looking at the fire, on the other side the water, and seeing the prisoner with a bundle, took him in custody a little way from my house.


                  James 
                  Carr 
               



            . I am a constable; I was sent for about eleven o'clock that night, by 
               
                  Richard 
                  Estop 
               



            , the scavenger, to take charge of the prisoner and goods. I took out of the prisoner's pocket a pair of stockings, a sattin cardinal, and the deeds of a house; the last was in his bosom. Before Justice Hodson, he confessed he took the things from the fire. I went and had them cry'd on the other side the water, where the fire was; and in about a fortnight or three weeks after, the prosecutor came and owned them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I told them I found these things about the middle of Tooley-street; I brought them over the water, and went to a house and had a pint of beer, and did offer to sell them, as I found them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
