





199. (L.) 
               
                  William 
                  Jones 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing two pistols, value 10 s. and one sword, called a hanger, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Shepherd 
                  




               
            , Jan. 18
. ++


                  John 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . I am a gun-maker
, and live at Rotherhithe


; on Sunday the 17th of January at night, my shutter to my window was cut, and the glass broke, and two pistols and a hanger taken away.


                  Thomas 
                  Slinger 
               



            . I keep the Ship and Star in East Smithfield; the prisoner and two women were drinking in my house between eleven and twelve at night, on the 18th of January; he was unwilling to go out, I took him by the collar to make him go out, and my servant that is since gone away took this hanger from under the prisoner's coat (produced in court.)
Prosecutor. One hanger may be like another; I believe it to be mine, but I do not swear to it.
Slinger. He was taken to the watch-house and searched, and a brace of pistols were found in his pocket.


                  Shadrick 
                  Turvey 
               



            . I took a brass barrel pistol out of the prisoner's left-hand pocket, and an iron barrel one out of his right pocket; then we took and handcuffed him (produced in court.)
Prosecutor. These are my property, here is my name on the locks; these were taken out of my shop that night I mentioned.
Prisoner's defence.
I found these pistols and cutlace in an old handkerchief; I took them up, and went to this man's house, and they took them from me; I get my living by the water-side, I have been at sea all the war; I came home but on Bartholomew-fair-day.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
