






19, 20. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Murphy 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Eyles 
                  



                
            , spinster

s, were indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Jefferys 
                  




                
            , December 3
. *


                  Nicholas 
                  Jefferys 
               



            . Last Tuesday was a week, I was just come out of Suffolk to enter upon my service, to be porter
 to Lord Orweil. I had been drinking pretty freely with my acquaintance: I happened to meet with the two prisoners in Whitechapel, between the hours of 10 and 11 at night: they gave me an invitation to go home with them: I went with them to their house in Montague-street


: after I had been there a little time, the candle was put out, and I had my watch taken out of my fob: I did not feel it taken, but I know I had it in my fob when I went in; I had looked at it just before I met them: they had left me in the dark: when they came in again, I challenged them with it: they said I had no watch when I went in: they insisted on being paid for the use of the room: I told them I had no silver: I gave Murphy half a guinea to change; she went out, and staid some time: I went out to see if she was coming, and then I was shut out: then I went to the constable of the night, and he and two or three men came and searched, and found the watch upon Eyles; (produced and deposed to) I told the maker's name before I saw it.
Q. Did she say you had given it her?
Jefferys. No, she did not; she pretended to know nothing of the matter about her having it. She said she had no such thing in her pocket before it was found. (The constable deposed to the finding the watch on Eyles, and confirmed the account he gave.)
Murphy's defence.
The young man gave me money to fetch some liquor: I went and fetched a quartern of rum: they desired me to stop at the door: I did, about a quarter of an hour; and when I came in he said he missed his watch, but did not know whether he had lost it in the house, or where.
Prosecutor. I did say so, in order to get away; for they said, if I would not pay for the use of the room, they would fetch somebody that should make me.
Eyles's defence.
This gentleman gave me 3 s. and we went on the bed together: after that he sat down and drank a dram: he said he had lost his watch, but did not know whether it was there or in the street: after that I went to make the bed, and found the watch upon the bed: I put it in my pocket, in order to give it him if he came for it.
Murphy, 

               Acquitted
            .
Eyles, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
