





591. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Bradshaw 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk purse, value 2 d. one guinea, one half guinea, and nine shillings, in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lang 
                  




                
            , October 11
. ++


                  John 
                  Lang 
               



            . I am a seaman
, and live at Whitby in Yorkshire. On Wednesday se'nnight, between seven and eight at night, I was going into a public-house, at the lower end of the Minories


, to get a pot of beer with two or three acquaintances. There were the prisoner and another girl sitting. I went out to make water, and they followed me. They had seen me change a guinea in the house. I put my change in my waistcoat pocket. They began to hussel me up, and make love to me, and cuddle me about; in the mean time the girl at the bar picked my money out of my pocket. I saw her as she was taking it away, and felt her hand in my pocket. She got it out. I grappled about her, to see if I could find it. She gave it to the other girl, and she put it in her mouth; but I took and squeezed most of it out again. I got a guinea and nine shillings in silver again. I brought the prisoner into the public-house, and got a constable and secured her.
Q. What money had you?
Lang. I had a guinea and a half, and nine shillings in silver, in a silk purse. I saw the other girl take it out of the purse, and put it into her mouth. This was a good creditable house I had been in.


                  Richard 
                  Snayton 
               



            , I and others went into the house with the prosecutor. He went out, and the girls followed him. Soon after he brought the prisoner in, and left her in my care till he got a constable.


                  William 
                  Oakley 
               



            . I was the constable. In searching the prisoner, I found a silver watch concealed in her stocking, near her shoe; it was going, and near the time about eight o'clock. She said a man gave it her for lying with her.
Prisoner's Defence.
We went into that house to have a pint of beer, and there came three men in. This man forced his discourse to a little girl that sat by me. He went out, and she followed him. She asked me to go with her. He lay with her. I stood about ten yards distant. After that he said he was robbed by that girl, and he squeezed the money out of her mouth. I never set eyes on the money.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
