





95. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Begnon 
                  , otherwise 
Bourvelly, otherwise 
Lewis




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 4 s. and one silk and stuff gown, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jones 
                  




                
            , November 23
. +


                  William 
                  Jones 
               



            . On Saturday the 23d of November, about a quarter of an hour after 6, I had occasion for another candle. I went down into my kitchen for one.
Q. What business are you?
Jones. I keep a shoemaker's shop
 in Tower-street, Seven Dials


. The street door was open, and the back parlour door was shut, but not locked. I might be gone down about two minutes; when I came up again, the parlour door was open. I went in and found the drawers open, and a stomacher and gown on the ground. I called my wife to see what was lost. She came up and missed the two gowns mentioned in the indictment; then I went about to the pawnbrokers, and about half an hour after 7 o'clock, I found the silk and stuff gown pawned to Mr. Watson, in Coventry-court, Coventry-street. I found the other gown pawned with Mr. Fryer, in Knaves-acre. The gowns produced in court. The prosecutor produced pieces of the cloth each were made of, and deposed to them, as being the same he lost that night.


                  Joseph 
                  Packer 
               



            . On Saturday the 23d of November, the prisoner pledged this silk and stuff gown with my master. I was present at the time. The prosecutor came about half an hour after, and owned it. On the 17th of December following, the prisoner came again. My master charged him with robbing Mr. Jones of two gowns. He could not deny but he had such; all he said was, he defied any man that should say the gowns were stole. Then my master ordered me to take him to Mr. Fryer, the other pawn-broker. Going along Coventry-street, he wanted to go down Hedge-lane. I told him that was not the way. He would not go on. I laid hold of his collar, and said he should either go to Mr. Fryer's, or back to my master's. I brought him back to my master's, and took him to Justice Welch.


                  James 
                  Hagarth 
               



            . I belong to Mr. Fryer, a pawnbroker, at the corner of Walker's-court. I took in this linen gown of a man, the 23d of November. He was a foreigner (such is the prisoner.) I believe he is the man.
Prisoner's defence.
I bought the gown of a woman in the Strand, in the street; and after that I wanted a little money, and I went and pawned it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
