





187. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Warden 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Risk 
                  




                
            , January 10, 1768
. +


                  John 
                  Risk 
               



            . I live in Wapping, and travel with a licence. On the 10th of January, 1768, I met with the prisoner in Wapping


, at the sign of the Scotch Arms


; he told me he had a trunk in St. Martin's le Grand, and if I would go for it, he had money enough to buy some silk handkerchiefs of me. I got a porter and sent him for it, and waited for his coming back; before he came back the prisoner took two of my silk handkerchiefs, and more things, and went out at the back door. The porter came back and said the prisoner had no trunk there; and then I went and searched at the pawnbrokers, and found them at 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Popard 
               



            's. I described them both, and shewed him some of the same sorts before I saw them. I never saw the prisoner after that till he was taken up about three weeks ago.


                  Andrew 
                  Popard 
               



            . These handkerchiefs were pawned to me on the 12th of January, 1768.
Risk. I thought it was the 10th; but they were taken from me the very day they were pledged, for Mr. Popard said the man had not been gone above ten minutes. I described the prisoner and his dress, and Mr. Popard said it must be the same man.
Q. to Popard. Where do you live?
Popard. I live in Queen-street, Tower-hill. It is so long ago that I cannot positively swear to the prisoner, but I believe he is the man: he was much better dressed then than now. He was a tall man, about the size of the prisoner. He came in the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Miller 
               



            .
Q. What time of the day did he bring them?
Popard. It might be about twelve or one or two in the day.
Prosecutor. The prisoner and I were together at the Scotch-Arms, between ten and eleven o'clock, and I searched several pawnbrokers before I came to Mr. Popard's; when I came to Mr. Popard's, it might be about half an hour after twelve.
Q. Were the prisoner and you alone at the Scotch-Arms?
Prosecutor. We were. The prisoner and I are countrymen: I have known him several years.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never touched the handkerchiefs. There was an old soldier in red clothes drinking with me in the house at the time.
Q. to Popard. Was the man in a red coat that brought them to you?
Popard. No, he was not.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him.
