







177, 178, 179. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Gerrett 
                     Byrne 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing a leather portmanteau, value 5 s. a callico petticoat, value 10 s. one ell of thread lace, value 5 s. one pair of slippers, value 6 d. a sattin sack and petticoat, value 20 s. and a pair of sattin shoes, value 2 s. the property of the Right Honourable Lady


                        Essex 
                        Kerr 
                     



                  , a linen waistcoat, value 2 s. the property of the Right Honourable Lady


                           Mary 
                           Kerr 
                        



                      
                  , a pair of shoes and eleven shirts, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Smith 
                        



                      
                  , Esq
; a cloth coat and waistcoat
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hancock 
                  



                
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Brown 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Short 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , December 4

. ++


                  James 
                  Boynon 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Smith; he lives with the Duke of Roxburgh. On the 4th of December I was in a chaise, coming to London; we had a portmanteau fastened, behind with the things in it mentioned in the indictment. I saw it at the second turnpike before we came to Westminster-bridge, and it was missing when we came home to Hanover-square, which was about 6 o'clock.


                  James 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am a broker, and live at Lime-house. I deal in old cloaths also (he produced two petticoats, a waistcoat, a pair of sattin shoes, a pair of slippers, four shirts, and a piece of lace). I received some of these of Byrne, and some of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Short 
               



            , about a quarter after 10 in the morning, on the 7th of December, in their own room. Byrne was with me the night before, between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon, and told me to come and look at some goods that 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Short 
               



            , whom he called his wife, had to sell.
Q. Where is their room?
Jones. It was by Holliwell-mount, up a court. He asked me three guineas and a half for them, I bid him two guineas and a half for them; then Short took out this piece of lace, and asked me 10 s. for it. I bid her 5 s. for it, and she took it.


                  Eleanor 
                  Paine 
               



            . I am servant to the two ladies (she looked at them, and deposed to them as the property of their respective owners, as in the indictment.)
Boynon. The shirts are the property of Mr. Smith.


                  Joseph 
                  Pevey 
               



            . I drove the chaise. I put the trunk behind the chaise, and fastened it on before we set out.


                  Richard 
                  Avery 
               



            . I am steward to the Duke of Roxburgh. I was before the magistrate when Byrne was examined: there was a person named Lawrence, turned evidence, and in consequence of that, Jones brought some things. Byrne denied it at first, but afterwards he acknowledged, that he, in company with M'Caves and Conyers, were the three persons that took the portmanteau from behind the chaise, near St. James's. The carriage came over Westminster-bridge, and along Albemarle-street to Grosvenor-square. He said they took them to M'Caves's, and divided them into three lots. This was on the 27th of January.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Carter 
               



            . I live in Grub-street. I had a sack and coat of 
               
                  Brown
               


             the prisoner on a Saturday in December, but cannot be positive to the day: after that I bought a black sattin sack of her for 4 l. 10 s. I sold that again in Monmouth-street (the sack and petticoat produced in court, deposed to by 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Paine 
               



            , as the property of Lady Essex Kerr.
Byrne's defence.
M'Caves gave me these things, to deliver the sack and petticoat to Brown, and the other things to Mr. Jones; at the same time he brought a gold watch.
Brown's defence.
I happened to buy some of those things of a person that I look upon to be an honest woman. Mr. Jones came to me, and desired me to sell them for him. I sold them to Mrs. Carter in the evening, and he gave me 5 s. for selling them: he has got an estate by such sort of things as those.
Byrne 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Brown and Short 

               Acquitted
            .
See Byrne tried by the name of Gerrard Bunn, for robbing a foreigner in his own dwelling-house, for which he was capitally convicted, No 286, in Mr. Alderman Cokayne's mayoralty.
