






162, 163 (M) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lacey 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Fulham 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing two stuff gowns, value 4 s. and one stuff quilted petticoat, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lawrence 
                  



                
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , April 1





                  Magdalen 
                  Lawrence 
               



            . I live at Cow Cross



, and keep a chandler's and old cloaths sho
p; my husband's name is William. I was sitting by my fire side on the 1st of April, about eleven o'clock at night, when my door was push'd a little way open, and the things mentioned in the indictment were taken out. I heard them taken out, and went to the door, but saw nobody. Next day, between eight and nine in the evening, there was a cry of stop thief. A lad that lodges with me ran out, and took the prisoner He had stole a joll of salmon. I took hold of the prisoner, and said, my boy, did you not take such things from me last night? He was very drunk, and said nothing, but after a great deal of examining he owned that he and another boy took them; he said the other boy's name was 
               
                  Richard 
                  Knight 
               



            , that they took out the two gowns first and carried them into an alley, and then went and took the petticoat, and when at the constable's house, he confessed they were sold in Rag Fair, and before Mr. Fielding he said Knight sold them while he was at the door, and that he did not know the person's name nor the street but he could carry us to the house. He did so; it was in Red Lion Street, Roper's Alley, Goodman's Fields. He went into the house, and the woman at the bar was sitting by the fire with a child in her arms. The woman said she never bought any old cloaths in her life that her daughter dealt in them, but she did not, but we found the petticoat there. The prisoner said her daughter bought it in the fair, and nobody had any thing to do with it.
Q. What did the boy say he sold them for?
M. Lawrence. He said he sold them for five and six pence. When we were looking about, the boy said we must go up stairs, for they keep things there. We found the petticoat under a bed up two pair of stairs; I believe it was not the prisoner's bed, for after we had found it a person came into the room and said to the prisoner's daughter. O you base jade how could you carry any thing into my room? we found one of the gowns over the prisoner's head where she sat ( produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Richard 
                  Williams 
               



            . On the second of July next I shall be 15 years old.
Q. Is your father living?
Williams. Yes.
Q. Do you know the consequence of taking a false oath, and what will become of you, if you should swear falsly?
Williams. I should go to hell, I believe.
Q. Do you know the commandments?
Williams. I do.
Q. What is the ninth commandment?
Williams. Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour.
Q. Do you know that it is a very wicked thing to swear falsly against any body?
Williams. Yes, it is; my friends always told me so.
He is sworn.
Williams. On the 2d of April there was a cry of stop thief. A woman had lost a joll of salmon, and had given the boy at the bar a kick on the backside, and let him go. He ran down an alley, and I and another boy ran after him; he got hold of the prisoner before I did. We secured him, and brought him up the alley, and carried him to where he stole the salmon from. The people said, Mrs Lawrence, why don't you examine this boy about your things? which she did. The boy was drunk, and said, I will tell you to morrow, for I want to go to sleep; but at last he said that the other boy and he took them away at two different times.
Q. What is your business?
Williams. I follow the sea.


                  John 
                  Bennet 
               



             I am a constable. [He confirmed the confession of the boy, and the finding the gown and petticoat.]
Lacey's Defence.
Knight came to me and asked me to go along with him; he bid me to look out, and I thought he was going to buy a pair of breeches of this woman; he got two gowns and went and laid them down up an alley; then he went and fetch'd a petticoat, and said he would carry them home to his sister, at his father's house, his father is a watchman. The next morning we carried them to this woman's house. I being at the door when he went in and sold them, looked through the key hole, and saw what she gave him for them.
Fulham's Defence.
I never bought such a thing in my days, and never saw this boy with my eyes, till he came with the people to my house; my daughter buys and sells in the open fair.
For Fulham.


                  Margaret 
                  Bare 
               



            . I live on Tower Hill. Mary Fulham's daughter bought a gown and petticoat in Rosemary Lane, on a Wednesday about a fortnight ago, betwixt eight and nine o'clock, and to the best of my knowledge the boy at the bar was standing at a little distance whilst she bought it of another boy. I took a great deal of notice of the gown, it was a brown stuff gown, and the petticoat was a kind of a pink colour.


                  Jane 
                  Shalon 
               



            . I saw the prisoner's daughter buy these things in Rosemary Lane. I deal in the fair, and live in Whitechapel She bought them of a young man and I believe the boy at the bar stood by; she gave 6 s. and 8 d. for them.


                  Hugh 
                  Lovery 
               



            . I have known Fulham between four and five years. I live in her neighbourhood, and never saw her deal at all; she spins and works at home, and her daughter buys and sells.


                  Patrick 
                  Egan 
               



            . I have known Fulham some time; she has a very good character.


                  Patrick 
                  Connoly 
               



            . I have known Fulham five years. I deal in Leadenhall Market, in buying rabits and fowls to carry about the streets, and rent a little house of my own. She took a room of me for herself and her husband, and she bears a very good character; she follows mending

, washing

, and spinning

, but she never deals in old cloaths.
Lacey, 

               Guilty
            .
Fulham, 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


