





449. (M.) 
               
                  Susannah, wife
 of 
                     
                        Luke 
                        Gardner 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Leigh 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, on the 21st of June
, about the hour of eleven in the forenoon, no person being therein, and stealing two cotton gowns, one silk and stuff gown, one camblet gown, a shalloon quilted petticoat, a stuff petticoat, a flannel petticoat, a callimanco petticoat, a pair of stays, a pair of silver shoe-buckles, and a cotton handkerchief, the property of the said Jane, in the said dwelling-house
            . ++


                  Jane 
                  Leigh 
               



            . I am a house-keeper
 in Well-street, Hackney


. A fortnight ago last Tuesday I went out about ten o'clock, and a woman that lodges with me, to make hay; I locked the door and put the key in my pocket, we left nobody in the house; we were but about two stones cast from my house; I came home between twelve and one, and found the door open, the lock was not broke, but it was unlocked; then I missed all my things, (mentioning them by name,) and within four hours the camblet gown and cotton handkerchief were found upon the prisoner, (produced and deposed to)
Q. Did you know her before?
J. Leigh. I never saw her before to my knowledge.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Saram 
               



            . I live at Hackney; after the house was broke the prosecutrix was frightened; I went to London to the pawnbrokers to enquire, and at Mr. Townsend's I found the prisoner there with this gown; I sent for an officer and charged him with her; I sent for the prosecutrix, she met us as we were going before the Justice; she swore to the gown and handkerchief that was taken out of the prisoner's pocket; the prisoner said the gown was given her in Shoreditch to pawn.


                  Thomas 
                  Kiner 
               



            . I am headborough of Bethnal-green; betwixt two and three o'clock that day I was called to go to the Crown in Cock-lane, there was the prisoner, this handkerchief was found in her pocket, she was very unwilling to be searched.


                  George 
                  Whitley 
               



            . I live servant with Mr. Townsend, a pawnbroker in Shoreditch; on the 21st of June, between twelve and one, the prisoner brought this camblet gown to me, and wanted twelve shillings upon it; I went up to fetch a shirt which she had in pawn, and in the mean time came 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Saram 
               



            , and said that was one of the gowns she was looking after; the prisoner said she met a woman at the turnpike, who asked her if she knew where a pawnbroker lived, and that she delivered it to her to pawn, and she had left her at the White Horse; my master sent me out with the prisoner to look for her, but no such person could be found as she described.
Prisoner's defence.
I never was out of my room till about twelve that day, then I borrowed a hat and cloak, and went out to get my dinner; I met a woman on the New-road, said she, do you know of ever a pawnbroker; I said, yes, here is one; said she, will you be so good as to carry this gown to pawn for me, she told me her name was Wilson; I went with it to Mr. Townsend's, there they stopped the gown and me.
For the prisoner.


                  Jane 
                  Phillips 
               



            . I lent her the hat and cloak which she was taken up with, about twenty minutes after twelve, to go out in to get her a bit of meat for her dinner.


                  Edward 
                  Brown 
               



            , 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Phillips 
               



            , 
               
                  Charles 
                  Bush 
               



            , and 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Coleman 
               



            , said she was a weaver
, very industrious and honest.




               Guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 


               T
            .
