





91. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Charlotte 
                     Clark 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that she, on 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Barron 
                        




                      
                  , in a passage near the King's highway, did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person a two guinea piece, one half guinea, one quarter guinea, and 22 s. and 6 d. in money numbered, his property
            , Nov. 30
. ++


                  George 
                  Barron 
               



            . I live in Lower Thames-street with my brother, a tobacconist. On the 30th of November between eleven and twelve at night, I was going up Cornhill; on the right hand side the way turning into Gracechurch-street


, I met six women and one man, they jostled me about very much; at last I got from them, and crossed the way to the left-hand side I went about ten or fifteen yards before I looked behind me; I saw some follow me, some ran past me; when I got opposite the first alley that leads into Leadenhall-market, they laid hold of me, they all got round me, they held me some by my arms, and some by my coat, while the prisoner at the bar was employed in picking my purse out of my pocket; I saw her to distinguish her at that time, I had had a sight of her before they laid hold of me; when they had got my purse, some ran into the market, and some into Gracechurch-street; I got hold of the prisoner, and called watch a long time; she was very unruly and got from me; there were three women and the man that were concerned in holding me, were at about the distance of about ten yards from me; she ran to them; I saw her put out her hand and give them something, what I can't tell; I ran to her and got hold of her again, by that time a watchman came from the leather market; the three women and man as soon as they saw him, ran into Gracechurch-street; I charged the watch with the prisoner, and he took her to the watch-house; she was searched, but nothing found; I know I had a two guinea piece, two half guineas, two crown pieces, five half crowns, and a five and three-pence in my right-hand breeches pocket, in a yellow canvas purse, and the prisoner was the only person that had her hand in it; I felt it in my pocket when I was in Cornhill; they swore many profane oaths while they held me; they did not threaten me, neither did I see any weapons; there was another of the women in the Poultry Compter, but she got out unknown to the keeper; she came there to see the prisoner and was stopped.


                  John 
                  Holmes 
               



            . I was the constable of the night; the prosecutor gave me charge of the prisoner, and told me much the same as he has here; I searched her, but found nothing upon her.
Prisoner's defence.
I had been over the water; coming up Gracechurch-street this gentleman took hold of me, and said I had robbed him; he called several people, I stood very quiet; he charged me with robbing him of twelve guineas.
Prosecutor. I was not certain what I had in my purse, till I went home to make up my accounts.




               Guilty of stealing
            . 


               T
            .
Acquitted of the robbery.
