





497. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Walker 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four cheeses, weight forty pounds
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Briscal 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Manly 
                  



                
            , Sept. 6
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Briscal 
               



            . I am a cheesemonger

, in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Manly 
               



            ; the prisoner came last Sunday night to wash at my house; when the maid went to bed, the prisoner desired to sit up, to get things in proper order; I was called up between twelve and one by the constable of the night; I found the street-door open, and the prisoner and four cheeses upon the steps, and the constable and a watchman by her; I knew the cheeses to be our property by a mark on them; they were taken out of the cellar, where the prisoner must have gone to fetch the washing-tub.


                  James 
                  Morris 
               



            . I live in Coleman street. Last Sunday was se'nnight at night, I, my wife and family were in bed; the prisoner came and knocked at my door, and called (I knew her voice;) she said she had something for me; (this was pretty near twelve;) I said, what it is a cheese, said she; I fell asleep, and took no more notice of it; she came again, and called Mrs. Morris; I said, what do you want; said she, I want your wife; my wife got up, and opened the door; the prisoner brought in two cheeses; my wife said, Lord bless me, how came you by these! I got a light; the prisoner was gone out; a little time after she came again with two other cheeses; I demanded to know of her where she had them; she said, indeed I came honestly by them, Mr. Williams gave them me, and desired me to say nothing; Williams is a porter at the prosecutor's shop; I said, I will see him; she took up three of them; I overtook her at the end of the alley, and gave her the other; she dropped one of them; I took it up, and gave it her; she went and crossed to Mr. Briscal's shop; the watchman was near, he saw her strive to unlock Mr. Briscal's door; then the constable and I went over to her; we knocked Mr. Briscal's maid up; after that he came down, and she was sent to the Compter.
Prisoner's defence.
I was a little in liquor, and never did the like before; I am very sorry for it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
