






271. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gibbs 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 3 silver tea spoons, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Tho 
                  Bale 
               




             , July 24
. *
Tho. Bale. I live in Turk's head yard, Turnmill-street


.
Q. What are you?
Bale. I am an inmate, and rent three rooms; this 
               
                  William 
                  Gibbs 
               



             work'd with me a considerable time, and always behav'd himself with great honesty till this time.
Q. In what business are you?
Bale. I am in the watch-making business
, he was my journeyman
; he desir'd to lodge with me, in order to get up at proper hours. On the 24th of July he had a command to attend his officer, in order to be drafted abroad; I cast up what little matters were owing to me, and paid him the rest of the money due to him; he being to go abroad, we drank together, and I wish'd him a safe return; and after I parted with him, I thought of a key that I let him have to let himself in and out of my room, for he chose to stay later than I sat up. I forgot to ask him for that key; I went home, and miss'd the spoons that were upon the mantle shelf.
Q. What time was this?
Bale. This was near ten in the evening; I went to ask after them, and found him in Cow Cross; I charg'd him with taking my property; he abus'd me, and was very drunk.
Q. In what place did you find him?
Bale. I found him in the street leaning against a post; I took him to the watchhouse; he was search'd, and the three spoons were found upon him.


                  Tho 
                  Newbury 
               



            . I am a watchman, I was order'd to take the prisoner and search him; I pull'd these three tea spoons from out of his left hand breeches pocket, and Mr. Bale said they were his spoons, by a private mark (produc'd in court)
Prosecutor. These are my spoons to the best of my knowledge, one spoon may be like another, but they are like my spoons, I miss'd 3 spoons.
Q. to Newbury. What did the prosecutor charge the prisoner with?
Newbury. He said he had a suspicion the prisoner had robb'd him of some silver spoons.
Q. Did he say how many?
Newbury. I think he said three in the watch-house, and three were found; the prisoner seem'd very much in liquor, he seem'd quite stupify'd with liquor; we took him before an alderman.
Q. What did he say before the alderman?
Newbury. He made little or no answer; all that I heard him say was, he said they were found upon him.
Q. to prosecutor. You mention you was very sorry he was going abroad.
Prosecutor. No, my lord. I am not a traitor to the government. (The spoons inspected by the court and the jury)
Q. Here are letters mark'd on them.
Prosecutor. I had mark'd them, in order to send them to the engraver to be engrav'd.
Prisoner's Defence.
On the 24th of July I was at work at the prosecutor's house. My corporal came to me in the afternoon; he ask'd me if I was willing to go abroad with the company; I told him I would, and left my work immediately; he and I went over the water, to give notice to others that had no more notice than I. It might be about seven at night when I came to Turnmill-street, at the Nag's head; there sat my master Bale; when I got my napsack, and every thing fit to go broad, he brought my napsack and firelock, and put my things in it; he ask'd me, if he could arrest me, that I should not go abroad. I said, I did not know; then he swore he would swear a robbery against me to save me. He bid me to take three of his tea spoons; I did; then we came to Field lane, and drank with some young fellows that were going abroad, there I fought a man, he held the tea spoons all the time; he brought a fork afterwards to mark these spoons, that he might swear to them; after that he went and got the watch, and took me in custody; after that he told me he would only put me in goal, he would not throw in a bill against me.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you propose to do this, in order to keep him from going abroad?
Prosecutor. I never propos'd any such thing.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


