






211. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Stafford 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing nineteen yards of black silk lace, three yards of white silk lace, and twenty-two yards of silk ribbon
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Caley 
                  



                
            , widow
, October 31

. ++


                  John 
                  Caley 
               



            . I am a haberdasher
 at Aldgate



; the prisoner came to our shop on the 23d of February to buy some ribbon; she stole three yards of ribbon. My servant detected her in it, it was my property. I got a search-warrant, and searched her box at Mr. Showers's, a throwster in Leman-street, Goodman's-fields. There we found the things mentioned in the indictment, nineteen yards of black silk lace, three yards of white ditto, and twenty-two yards of silk ribbon; they were my mother's property, but she is since dead; she died the 2d of November. She was committed to the Poultry Compter.
Q. Were these things missed in your mother's life-time?
Caley. I cannot say any of them were.


                  Joseph 
                  Hawkesworth 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Caley; I was by when these goods (produced in court) were found in the prisoner's box; the key was produced in the house, I think by her fellow-servant; these were Mrs. Caley's property.
Q. How came you to suspect the prisoner?
Hawkesworth. She came on the 18th of February, between seven and eight, to buy some blond lacc. I shewed her a box, and she bought about as much as came to 1 s. by noon, after she was gone, we missed a card of blond lace; I was very sure I had not shewed any lace to any body but her, and was resolved to lay wait for her the next time she came; and on the Monday morning, the 23d of February, she came again much about the same time. to buy some white ribbon; I shewed her some, and observed every parcel that lay in the drawer; the piece of white was in the corner next to her; it was missing. I charged her, and she was committed to the Poultry Compter; I went and confronted her with all these goods, after we had searched her box, and shewed her them; she confessed to all, and said she took them all in the shop; she did not say when, but we believe she took them from time to time; she has been an old customer.
Q. Can you tell whether they were taken away before or after Mrs. Caley's death?
Hawkesworth. That I cannot say.
Q. Then for any thing you know, these goods might have been in the shop after Mrs. Caley's death?
Hawkesworth. They might for what I know.
Prisoner's defence.
What I had in my box was my own.
To her character.
Mrs. Showers. The prisoner lived servant with us very near five years; I could never accuse her with wronging me. She went out as usual that morning.
Q. Do you know of her having any connexions with bad people?
Showers. We do not know of her having any great connexions.



               Acquitted
            .
(L.) She was a second time indicted for 


               stealing three yards of silk ribbon, value 18 d. and seven yards of silk lace
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Caley 
                  



                
            , Feb. 23

. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Hawkesworth 
               



            . The prisoner came to my master's on the 18th of February; I missed a card of blond lace after she was gone. She came again on the 23d for a little white ribbon; I saw her take a piece of white silk ribbon out of the box, and put it into her pocket. I let her go out of the shop; then I brought her back, and took it from her. Then I charged her with the card of lace; she owned she had it at home, and said if I would go along with her, she would give it to me again. I acquainted my master with it, and she was sent to the Compter. The lace was found in her box with the other things.
Prisoner's defence.
I leave it to the mercy of the court; I am guilty of taking the lace and nothing else.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
