






521, 522. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Shaw 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gill 
                  




                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one linen sheet, value 2 s. and a half pint glass mug, value 3 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Mills 
                        



                      
                  ; and two cheque aprons, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Club 
                  



                
            , October 13
. ||
At the request of the prisoners, the witnesses were examined apart.


                  Thomas 
                  Mills 
               



            . I keep a public house
 at Islington


. Last Monday night, the two prisoners came into my house, and asked for a room to sit down in; I bid them walk into the parlour, and followed them; the windows were up: one of them pulled down one, and I the other. They ordered six pennyworth of brandy and water, a little warm; it was made, and carried in: there were four women came, and had a quartern of anniseed in the same room: when they went out, the prisoners shut the door. My maid went to look through a hole, I was just behind her; she said she thought they were upon no good design: after they had been about ten minutes in the whole, they opened the door, and said one to the other, we will go; they paid 6 d. and went out; Gill had a bundle in his hand : then the chair-woman, Mrs. Club, went to look, and came out again, and said, we are robbed. We went and brought them in again : Gill ran into the yard, and returned again, and the next day we found one of my half pint glass mugs put between the water-tub and the wall. After he sat down again in the same room, another glass mug was taken from under his coat, behind him; the two mugs were both in a cupboard, in the parlour, just before they came in. A surgeon, named Maglassey, picked up the bundle in the street, and brought that in after the prisoners. In the bundle were my sheet, and Mrs. Club's two aprons, with other things, not mine: they both denied knowing any thing of the bundle, and said they brought no bundle in with them, but I saw Gill had a small bundle under his arm when he came in.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Club 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Club 
               



            . The two prisoners came into Mr. Mills's last Monday, between five and six in the evening; Gill had a bundle when he came in, and when he went out, he had it in the same handkerchief. I carried them in six pennyworth of brandy and water; they told me, if a gentleman named Hand, came to enquire for them, to recommend him into the room to them. After the women went out, they shut the door: I went to peep through a hole, having a suspicion of them, and one of them looked thro' the same hole against me. When they came out, they gave me 6 d. for the liquor: I gave it to my master, and went into the room, and missed two cheque aprons: I told my master, he followd them, and insisted on their coming back : a gentleman brought in the bundle after them; they both denied it to belong to either of them. It was opened in the tap-room; there were my two aprons, and a sheet of my master's in it.
Q. When had you seen your aprons before?
Club. I had seen them about ten minutes before they came in. (The aprons and sheet produced in court).
Prosecutor. Here is our mark on the corner of the sheet, by which I know it to be my property.
Club. These two aprons are my property.


                  James 
                  Casterton 
               



            . I am the constable. I was charged with the prisoners and this bundle; the prisoners both denied knowing any thing of the bundle.


                  Robert 
                  Pickering 
               



            . I was at Mills's house last Monday, and saw the two prisoners come in; Gill had a small bundle in his hand. I believe they might stay in the parlour ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour. I saw them go out; Gill had the bundle when he went out.
Q. What are you?
Pickering. I am a journeymen baker out of place, and lodge at Mr. Mills's house. I heard the chair-woman say she had lost two aprons; Mr. Mills and I ran out, and took hold of the two prisoners and brought them back.
Q. Did they make any difficulty in coming back?
Pickering. No, they did not. After that, I saw a half pint glass mug taken from under Gill's coat, on his left side; this was in the parlour, where they had been sitting before. Gill attempted to go backward into the yard before that; the bundle was brought in by a surgeon, that lives near the watch-house, in Moor-fields; he said, he picked it up in the street : the prisoners disowned knowing any thing of the bundle.
Q. What did Gill say when the glass mug was found?
Pickering. He said it was standing there when he sat down.
The prisoners in their defence said, they went into the prosecutor's house and had six pennyworth of brandy and water; that they carried no bundle in or out; that they knew nothing of the handkerchief, or the things in it, more than the child unborn.
For Gill.


                  John 
                  Gill 
               



            . I am uncle to Gill; his mother keeps a coffee-house, at Kensington; he used to wait in the house.
Q. How old is he?
Gill. I believe he is 21 or 22 years of age. I always took him to be a very sober boy; he sent for me that evening, by the keeper of Bridewell.
Q. Did he use to live constantly with his mother?
Gill. He has been backward and forwards there; he has been a waiter at a tavern, but was then out of business: I know nothing of Shaw.


                  Thomas 
                  Grantham 
               



            . I am a builder, and have often lodged at Gill's mother's house: he always behaved very well.
Q. Have you seen him lately?
Grantham. I don't remember that I have seen him much for this fortnight past.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
