






54, 55. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Weskett 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing one bank note, value 100 l. and one other bank note, value 30 l. three gold snuff-boxes, value 100 l. one repeating gold watch, with a brilliant diamond button, value 30 l. one silver candlestick, value 20 s. one silver standish, value 20 s. and 400 l. in money, numbered, the property of the Right Honourable 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Earl
 of Harrington


                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cooper 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving the three gold snuff-boxes, the repeating gold watch, the silver candlestick, the silver standish, and 72 l. 9 s. part of the said goods and money, well knowing the same to have been stolen
            , December 5, 1763

. *
Lord Harrington. The prisoner Weskett was my servant
, about a year and a half; his business was to attend as porter
.
Q. Was it his business to come to you with any letters or messages?
Answer. No; but he seemed lately to come very officiously to deliver letters, or to ask for franks. I think he came to me in that room where I used to sit, the very evening before the robbery was committed; either that evening, or the evening before; but I am pretty sure it was that evening.
Q. How was your lordship engaged?
Answer. I was near my bureau, reckoning some money.
Q. Had he any opportunity of knowing where you deposited your money?
Answer. He might, by coming up so very officiously, when I was busy at my drawers.
Q. How many drawers are in that bureau?
Answer. It has an ivory table that shuts down, and underneath it are five drawers.
Q. When was you robbed?
Answer. We discovered the robbery on the 5th of December, 1763, in the morning; one of the drawers that contained cash was broke open, and the upper part was broke likewise; there were only two locks broke.
Q. What might your lordship lose?
Answer. I lost upwards of two thousand pounds, in bills and every thing; there were two bank notes, one for 100 l. the other for 30 l. and all the money that the drawers contained: in one drawer were four roloes in two tin boxes, that held an hundred guineas each, all new bright guineas; they were in the upper part of the bureau.
Court. Describe the bureau.
Answer. It is a library book-case, with drawers underneath; one beneath was broke open; the upper part like a chest of drawers, with a flap that lets down: there are two little drawers on each side, and three large drawers: it is a sort of a desk; one drawer in that was broke; the two drawers that were broke, were the only drawers that contained any thing of property; that drawer that was broke underneath, contained about 75 guineas in a bag; the bank notes were in a pocket book, in a little drawer in the upper part: that pocket book was taken away, and another pocket book also: there were three banker's notes in one of them. In the middle of the room was a great library table, with, I believe, 18 drawers in it; they were all locked; none of them were broke open; there was nothing in them. There was a gold repeating watch stole, that hung by the chimney side; there were with it two seals; one had my arms on it: I lost also three gold snuff boxes; two of them were enamelled; two of them I bought at Paris; the other I gave forty guineas for in Pall-mall. I had received the 30 l. bank note of Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Hart 
               



            , my banker, that very day.
Q. At the time the prisoner came up to you the night before, was your desk open?
Answer. The desk was certainly open; I was counting money, either upon it, or on the table near it.
Q. Did your Lordship see any place where were marks, that might be supposed to discover where the robber went in or out at.
Answer. Mine is a very large house; the window is at a great distance from where the things were stolen: in the morning, about half an hour after ten, I came from my bed-chamber into the r oom where the bureau is; the first thing that struck me, was that being broke open: it seemed very clearly to be done with a gimblet and chissel; and upon examination, we had a gimblet and chissel that exactly fitted to the holes and impressions which we saw.
Q. Where were they found?
Answer. I think the house-keeper found them in a box, with nails and other things, in a place where they usually were for common use.
The watch, chain, and seal, three gold snuff-boxes, and thirty pound bank note, produced and deposed to.

Cross Examination.
Counsel. I would beg leave to ask your Lordship, whether it is not possible a man might exceed the bounds of his duty without any bad design? he might wait upon your Lordship by accident.
Answer. To be sure he might; that's matter of opinion.
Q. When he came up the night before the robbery, had your lordship those two distinct parts open?
Answer. This I know, the upper part was down; I cannot absolutely say the drawer was; it might be unlocked.
Prisoner. Will your lordship please to declare what my character and behaviour was before this?
Answer. He generally was pretty diligent at the door: I cannot say I ever had any reason to suspect his honesty before this.
Q. Does your lordship remember he ever came there, when you was taking money out of any particular drawer?
Answer. I do not remember that he did; but he seemed very officious, and would wait longer than his message required.
Q. Those tools that were applied to the bureau, were they found in the room when you first came in?
Answer. No: we imagined these drawers must be broke open by such kind of instruments; therefore the servants searched about for such.
Q. Was there any thing particular in them?
Answer. They will be shewn by and by.
Q. What was his business when he came up the night before the robbery?
Answer. He brought me a letter: and what strikes me a good deal, is, he came up again, under pretence of asking me for a frank, which he might have asked for, at his coming before.
Q. How long might the second time be after the first?
Answer. It was a few minutes after.
Q. What time of the evening might this be?
Answer. It must have been about seven o'clock. I went to the opera about half an hour past seven.


                  John 
                  Bradley 
               



            . I have been acquainted with Weskett seven or eight years; and with Cooper ten or a dozen years.
Q. Tell your plain story to the court and the jury.
Bradley. A few days before this happened, it may be a week, Weskett told me my Lord Harrington wanted a valet de chambre.
Q. Where did he tell you this?
Bradley. This was at Lord Harrington's. He desired I would clean myself, and come the next day to see my Lord. I went the next day: he then told me he had got better bread for me than to serve him: he then told me to come in the night, and to bring a brace of pistols; but the principal conversation was the night the thing was executed; but that night he hinted at something that I thought I understood him.
Q. What did he say?
Bradley. He said my lord was worth a great deal of money, and bid me bring a brace of pistols; he knew I had a brace that I had bought abroad: he said, you know what I mean; call such a night, and bring a tinder-box along with you. Accordingly I did go, and took them things with me: I don't recollect what night it was: it was not above a day or two after that time.
Q. What pass'd when you did go?
Bradley. He told me when I went, my Lord and Lady were gone to the opera; this was in my Lord's hall; there was nobody there but him and I; I believe it was about seven o'clock. He took me in at the door of the porter's lodge, and we turned on the left hand, and went to the hall fire; we whispered as soon as we got together; he bid me walk gently, and took me into a little room on the left hand, before I came to the hall: now, he said, nobody has a right to come here at all, and you shall stay here; I'll get you something to drink till the middle of the night, then we will have my Lord's money. He went and brought me a bottle of rum; I went and lay upon his bed; he told me that was his lodge: I shewed him my pistols and tinder-box; he took them from me; 
               
                  drew
               


             the curtain; he went out several times, and every time he locked the door.
Q. Did he lock the door when he was within side?
Bradley. No. He said my Lord and Lady would be at home about twelve o'clock, and all the family would be in bed about one, and that would be about the time.
Q. Did he leave you for any long time?
Bradley. He once staid an hour with my Lord's gentleman, as he told me; one was learning the other French, and the other was learning English of him.
Q. Do you know my Lord's gentleman, if you see him?
Bradley. No, I do not. My Lord and Lady came home about twelve: there was a window; through that I could see the flambeaux as they came past: I staid till he went out and came in again, and said, all the family were secure: that was, as near as I remember, between one and two: then he bid me take a draught of rum, and said, Let us have courage, and follow me: then we went into the kitchen together; I did not know the way: there was a proposal about my getting out at a window: it was a great high window, and opened with a pulley and string: I said, This is a very hard thing, and refused it, because I did not know where I was going to, if I did get out.
Q. Why did he propose your going out there?
Bradley. Because there would be the less probability of being found out. I said, we could make it answer the same end: I took my shoes, that were dirty, and daubed the window and wall, as if I had got out: I got upon the dresser to do it; then we went up stairs both together; we had a candle; we went along a sort of a gallery, and through a large room very elegantly furnished with glasses; we turned on the right hand into a little study; it almost like fronted the door; there was a sort of a bureau, which looked like a writing desk; he told me that was the place where the money was: now, said he, we must break this bureau; and accordingly he broke it open, with a chissel and gimblet: I held the candle.
Q. Where did you get the chissel and gimblet?
Bradley. I don't know where he got them; he had them; there was a flap that seemed to me to be to write on, on the upper part.
Court Look at this chissel: (he takes one in his hand).
Bradley. It was a broad kind of a chissel, like this; I can't say this is it.
(A gimblet is put into his hand.)
Bradley. I can't swear this is the gimblet; it was one like this: I saw nothing made use of but a chissel and gimblet. When he had broke it open, he took the money out; some he gave to me as he took it out; and some he delivered to me coming down stairs; he took out two tin cases, and gave to me; he took three snuff-boxes, and gave to me; these were out of the upper part, where the flap let down; the snuff-boxes had cases upon them; we took and destroyed every thing about them as soon as we could.
Q. What quantity of money did he give you?
Bradley. I can't tell: there was an hundred guineas in one tin case, and ninety-nine in the other; and there were some guineas in papers; I can't tell what quantity; they were put together in a bag; he gave me the bag; I can't tell where he had it; I did not stay to see what was in the bag; I carried all away: I put the guineas that were roll'd up in papers in the bag, and the snuff boxes in my waistcoat pockets; he gave me a watch, I brought that away, but can't tell which pocket I put it in; he gave me two pocket books; I did not then know what was in them; but I afterwards: after this we came down stairs.
Q. What was done with the chissel and gimblet?
Bradley. I know nothing what was done with them: we left the tinder-box with intention they should imagine it was done by somebody that did not know the house: when we came down stairs, he said I must not try to open the door, I should make a noise; he opened the door and delivered the pistols to me for my own security; and I went out directly: he said he would not shut the door, but leave it a-jar; he begged by all means not to see me for a fortnight or three weeks: I made the best of my way: after that, I saw by the papers, all the servants were taken up upon the occasion. The first time I saw him after this, was, a servant maid, an acquaintance of mine, call'd upon me, to go to the play: I there saw Weskett in one of the side-boxes: I was in the gallery; I winked at him and he at me; I met him as he came out, and left that person by herself, and went with him to a house under the piazza, as you come down from Covent Garden play-house, the bottom door; there we had a bottle of wine: he said all things were safe; and hoped I had taken care of every thing that he had delivered to me: I said I thought I had taken care.
Q. Where did you carry the things?
Bradley. I carried them all that very night to Mr. Cooper's house, in New Turn-stile, Holborn.
Q. How came you to carry them there?
Bradley. Because Cooper and I had been intimate acquaintances: I lodged there.
Q. Did he know of this before you carried them?
Bradley. No, he knew nothing of it; but he had a little suspicion I was going upon something.
Q. What time did you get to Cooper's house?
Bradley. It must in course be past two o'clock: I went and knocked at his room door; the outer door was open; it frequently was left open for other lodgers in the house: I asked Mrs. Cooper where Mr. Cooper was? she very roughly answered, You know better than I do: I imagined she might think we had been out drinking together; I went down to a pease-soop shop by Temple-bar; he was not there; then I went to a night-house by Holborn Bars; there I had some brandy hot; I had all the things about me then: after staying about an hour, I returned to Cooper's house, and went and deposited every thing in a sort of a shed in the yard, under no lock: then I went again in search for Cooper, and met him by accident on the other side Temple Bar, that is, on the side nearest here; this was between three and four o'clock; we went and drank together, and when we got home it was quite morning.
Q. Did you mention this affair to him then?
Bradley. He had some reason to imagine I had been doing something; I said, in the morning I would tell him, which I did that day, or the day after.
Q. What did you tell him?
Bradley. I said there were such things, and where they came from, in the manner I have told it here; and went and shewed him them; and said, the safest way would be to bury these things in your cellar, and you need not want money; we will bury them, that they never can be found: I gave him some of the money.
Q. Were the things buried by day or night?
Bradley. I am not sure which; because it is a dark celler, and we had a candle; he dug the hole, and lent me a wooden box to keep the wet from them: when I wanted money, I went there; I never had any about me; and Cooper had money from there several times.
Q. What did you do with the notes?
Bradley. All bills of exchange, and draughts, that did not belong to the bank, we took and destroyed.
Q. What had you got, when you came to look at them?
Bradley. I did not examine all the things thoroughly, for almost a month; as there was enough, I let it rest: I tore the pocket-books immediately, and put them into one of the boxes; I buried the bag, in which were the roloes, the tin cases; the three snuff-boxes, the watch chain, and seal, in the presence of Cooper; he saw them all; I never went there for money without Cooper, because he kept the key, fearing any accident.
Q. Was that cellar always kept locked?
Bradley. I believe it was sometimes locked, and sometimes unlocked; the place was full of wood; this was just as we go in at the door: there were piles of wood on each side; he used to remove wood every day: he sells wood, and keeps a chandler's shop.
Q. Did you never tell Cooper of this intended robbery before it was committed?
Bradley. I never did, to my knowledge.
Q. What did you do with the bank notes?
Bradley. I had several meetings with Weskett; he blamed me for not attempting to put the notes off here: I wanted to go abroad with them: he said, My Lord is well known at all the courts in Europe; you can't put them off without being known. Then I said I'd go to Chester fair, and put them off there: so I went: this was in July, called Midsummer-fair: there I put them off for cloth and bills: I had the 100 l. and 30 l. notes with me: I had two draughts; one upon Mr. Wimpey, in Newgate-street, that was for 12 l. and upwards: (he is shewed a paper) this is it, I am very sure; it is for 12 l. 5 s.
Court. Look upon the back of it.
Bradley. Here is
"Received, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Smith 
               



            ." I was with Weskett when he went there to receive the money.
Court. Look on this other draught. (He takes it in his hand).
Bradley. This I received at Chester also: this is for 43 l. 9 s. I kept company as other merchants did: I said, I was a young one in dealing in linen; and they let me buy the linen as they did that laid out two or three thousand pounds: when I had done, I got a post-chaise, and came with my linen and draughts to London. I had Mr. Wimpey's accepted: then I went to Mr. Alderman Cartwright, and he gave me a draught on his banker, to be paid 2 month or six weeks after.
Q. Did Cooper know of your going to Chester-fair?
Bradley. He did; he went along with me to the Swan and two Necks, in Lad-Lane, when I set out.
Q. What day did you set out?
Bradley. I can't tell the day: I went in the stage-coach in two days: I came to town on a Sunday morning, pretty early, and went to a house in Piccadilly: I had a lodging at that time in Swallow-street: I sent for Cooper, and said, The bank notes had been stopped, and I had like to have been taken into custody; (this I said in joke); he said, he hop'd not: then I shewed him the two draughts: he said, he would not meddle with them; and I said I would go and have them accepted immediately: we staid till it was due. When Weskett came out of Mr. Wimpey's house, he said he had received the money: he said he had signed his name upon the back of it, but it could not be known.
Q. How many names were upon the back of it when you gave it to him for payment?
Bradley. There were not two names then, as I know of: Weskett went with the bill of 43 l. in the same manner: I went with him into Birchin-lane, and staid till he came out; then he told me he had got the money.
Q. Had Weskett and you used to meet together often?
Bradley. We used to meet and drink together; we used sometimes to drink punch; sometimes beer; we used to find liquor, and Cooper used generally to find sugar and lemons; we used to meet frequently at Cooper's house: Weskett and I used to meet at a number of houses where he used.
Q. Did you at any time furnish Weskett with any part of this money?
Bradley. Yes; I gave him thirty guineas once, and fifty guineas once; we did not stand upon an odd guinea; we had no writing at all, fearing, if we were taken up, that would make a discovery; so can't tell the exact times; it was three or four months after the robbery; he had told us he had enough.
Q. Can you tell the amount of the cash you brought from Lord Harrington's?
Bradley. I believe it was between 3 and 400 l. Weskett delivered the roloes to me as we were going down stairs; they were in a bag; I can't tell how many; they were in a canvas bag; I never looked into that bag for a great while; when the money was taken out it was loose, and there were bits of loose paper in the bag: the money was buried in a wet place in the cellar; the water came into the hole three or four inches deep: I think, when I did examine it, I found a little more than an hundred guineas. When I came to the bottom of Gray's-inn-Lane, I desired leave of the landlord to leave the linnen there: (I don't remember the sign). It was a house that I thought I might come from thence to Cooper's house, without being seen by any body that knew me: so I went to Cooper's house, and told him as I mentioned before.
Q. Do you know any thing of a silver candlestick and standish?
Bradley. I do; I remember taking the standish I think, out of the study: it was a silve r one; I think it was upon the table: there was a little candlestick also; I brought them both away, and cut them both to pieces in Cooper's cellar: Cooper let me in, and gave me a chopper to chop them: they were all left in this hole in the cellar. (A parcel of silver chopp'd to pieces produc'd in court). This appears to be them: the clasps were taken off the books, and put amongst the pieces. (He takes a piece of the clasp in his hand.) This is a piece of one, and the watch and boxes are what I carried away, which my Lord has swore to.
Cross Examination.
Q. When was you first before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ?
Bradley. I think it was Sunday was se'ennight, at night.
Q. How came you there? Did you surrender voluntarily?
Bradley. I came without force.
Q. Did not a person come to you, and bring you there?
Bradley. I went as soon as he told me Sir John wanted me.
Q. Did you not know that you was advertised on this occasion?
Bradley. No: I had read an advertisement in regard to Walker.
Q. Where did that man, that came for you, find you?
Bradley. He found me in Wapping.
Q. Did you live there at that time?
Bradley. No.
Q. What was your business there?
Bradley. I went to meet Cooper; he was to bring me some money.
Q. Does Cooper live at Wapping?
Bradley. I believe he has lived there; he told me he would meet me there.
Q. What sort of clothes had you on when you was taken?
Bradley. I had sailor's clothes.
Q. How came you to wear sailor's clothes?
Bradley. Cooper told me, the last time I saw him, that people were after me about a bastard child; and I thought I would not pay the money, because I knew somebody else was concerned as well as I; so I got these clothes for a sort of a disguise.
Sir Richard Adams, to Counsel. You need not put your Examination to prove him a man of bad character, for he is as bad a man as ever appeared in this court.

Q. What was the reason Weskett applied to you to be an accomplice?
Bradley. There had been other things between us, and he thought he could rely upon me more than on any other.
Q. What did you take the tinder-box for?
Bradley. To leave it there, that they might think it was somebody that did not know the house, or where to light a candle.
Q. Was Cooper's cellar door always locked?
Bradley. It was sometimes open, and sometimes not.
Q. Could not the other lodgers go into that cellar?
Bradley. No, not unless they go out into the street; and sometimes Cooper kept the key, and sometimes I did.
Q. Did Cooper know any thing of this affair before you told him?
Bradley. I believe he did not.


                  James 
                  Bevell 
               



            . I am steward to Lord Harrington. When Weskett was hired to be porter in my Lord's service, I gave him instructions as to his duty; to be particular in opening the door; that what letters he received for my Lord, to deliver them to his footman; and likewise every letter for Lady Harrington, to deliver them to the groom of the chamber, or her footman; and what were for the servants, to deliver them himself, and not to stick them up in the hall: he did so for above a year; while the family was in town, no man more careful, or more particular. I remember, some little time before this robbery, after the family came out of the country, I have knocked at the door once or twice before I have got in, and a footman opened the door; I asked where the porter was; I saw him coming down stairs: I have said, where have you been? he said, I have been up to my Lord with a letter: I have told him, he had my Lord's own man to receive letters; you should stay at the door. I have knocked at the door, and could not get in: I have given orders that nobody but the porter should answer the knock. Weskett always knew what time my Lord received his bills and money: he knew these bills were come.
Q. How did he know that?
Bevell. He knew from me; I told him I had received bills, and there were some tradesmen to be paid: I told him I had been to Sir William Hart's, in order to pay them.
Q. What occasion had you to tell him?
Bevell. I said I should send for them to the house, that he might get a crown or half a crown: he knew I had sent to a farmer to come on the Sunday morning to receive 200 l. and upwards; and that person was with me that Sunday when my Lord was getting up, and I heard of the robbery: he has come into the city for bills, and to have them accepted: then I thought him a very honest man: My Lord's footman and valet de chambre were newly come; and the prisoner was the only person in the house, that knew, by going up to my Lord, the drawers where the bills and money were, except a maid or two: he came into my Lord's room two or three days before the robbery: I was there, and when he came in, I walked out: the drawer was then out that contained roloes of money, and the flap was open. On the evening of the day after the robbery, we made a discovery of what things were made use of in breaking the drawers open; the housekeeper found a gimblet and chissel: I went and brought Mr. Philips, who is a better judge than I can pretend to be: both the house-keeper and he are here, to give the court an account of them.
Q. Do you remember Weskett's box being searched, to see if any money could be found?
Bevell. There were about 18 guineas found: this was some little time after the robbery; it might be a week after: after we found out the robbery, I came to the porter's lodge, and said, There are but four or five of us could be concerned in this robbery: I searched his shoes, to see if they were dirty.
Q. Did you observe any place that had the appearance of any person coming in?
Bevell. No, none at all: I examined the out-side of the wall, where there was this appearance of dirt on the in-side the window; there was the print of a foot going up upon the dresser, as if a dirty foot had rubbed against the wall, under the window in the kitchen, and the window was open: there is a wall before that window: had a person got out at that window, they must get over that wall: it is about five feet high; I examined it well; there is moss upon it; so that if any person had put their foot or hand upon it, a mark must have been seen; but we saw no appearance of any such thing; from thence we did conclude no person could come in or go out that way.
Q. Has Bradley described the rooms he has mentioned?
Bevell. He has described them very well.
Q. Was you at Cooper's house?

Bevell. I was, last Saturday was a week; Cooper was with me; he unlocked the cellar door.
Q. How came you and Cooper to be together?
Bevell. When he found he was to be committed, he called Sir John and me together, and told us of the things that were buried in his cellar: that Bradley and Weskett were the two persons that had robbed Lord Harrington; and that he had them of Bradley: he said he had known Bradley ten or a dozen years: that they first became acquainted by living in the Temple: he said, Bradley had come away from his place, from Mr. Commings's, about a month before the robbery, and lodged at his house: upon which I went with him into his cellar; I found, under a tyle and some earth, with some coals over them, two gold snuffboxes enamelled, the repeating watch, and some silver cut to pieces, the same as produced here, in a dirty bag; and in another corner, in a box not buried, a plain gold snuff-box: then I brought Cooper back to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            . That night Mr. Marsden and I found fifty-two guineas in a trunk of Weskett's: we brought the trunk to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            : Weskett was then in the Gatehouse. The first time he was taken up, we found fifteen or sixteen guineas in a horn; that was eight or nine months before; he said they were his property: he was taken up three times: I heard a foot over my head about the hour eleven, on the night of the robbery; I said to the maid, Is my Lord come in? after the robbery I recollected this circumstance, and related it to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            : he examined all the Servants of the house; Weskett declared, upon his examination, he had not been up stairs that might; so did all the other servants, from the time my Lord went out, till they went to bed.
Q. Was my Lord at home at the time you heard that foot-step?
Bevell. No, he was not.
Q. Are you acquainted with Weskett's handwriting?
Bevell. I am well acquainted with it; I have seen him write often.
(He is shown the receipts on the two draughts Bradley brought from Chester, and deposed, he believes the forged names to be wrote by Weskett).
Cross Examination.
Q. When Cooper confessed before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , recollect yourself whether Sir John did not tell him, if he would confess, he would admit him an evidence for the crown.
Bevell. The first time, he said he knew no more of it than the child unborn: the second time, I believe Sir John said, he had better declare what he knew of the affair, and he would use his interest to get him admitted.
Q. Do you know by what means Bradley was taken up?
Bevell. It was by the means of Cooper, by what I hear.
Q. Did not Sir John offer a reward of ten guineas for the taking Bradley up?
Bevell. Yes he did.
Mrs. Street. I am a Servant to my Lord Harrington: I was going up the great stairs on the Saturday night that the robbery was committed; and I saw Weskett in the long gallery, coming from the Mall-room; that room is joining to the room where the robbery was committed.
Q. What time of the night might that be?
Mrs. Street. I believe it was very near 11 o'clock.
Q. Can you go through the Mall-room to the room where the robbery was committed?
Mrs. Street. Yes.
Mr. Philips. I saw the places that were broke open; there was a chissel and gimblet shewed me; (these produced here.) these are they: I tried them to the places where violence was used in wrenching the places open, and they exactly fitted to the places.
Cross Examination.
Q. Are not there many tools of this sort?
Philips. Undoubtedly there are.
Mrs. Johnson. I am house-keeper at Lord Harrington's: these two instruments I found (in a little box, in a closet by my Lady's dressing-room), on the Sunday night after the robbery; they were in a place where all the Servants have access; so that if we want a nail or a hammer, we know where to go for them.


                  William 
                  Peters 
               



            . I am one of my Lord's chairmen: I went away from the house as soon as the servants came down stairs, when it was rather better than twelve o'clock at night, the night the robbery was committed, and I know the door was shut after me; I always try, by shoving my elbow against it; a footman shut it.
Q. to Bevell. Did you search well, to see if it was possible for any person to get in at any other place than the door?
Bevell. I did; I searched all the windows of the house, to see if any marks of feet appeared, and all the locks and walls round the house: I could find nothing to lead me to believe they could come in any way but by the street-door, and there appeared no violence upon that.
Q. Was Weskett turned away, or did he go away?
Bevell. He was turned away.
Mrs. Tompkinson. I am a servant in the family. When I came down, on the Sunday morning, the street-door was wide open; this was between, seven and eight o'clock: I was laying the fire in the steward's room, when the porter came to the door: he asked me if I had seen Old Wag? that is an old man that my Lord keeps out of charity: he said, Have you let him in? I said, no; but the door was wide open when I came down stairs: he turned away, and said, D - n it, who could go and leave the door open.
Cross Examination.
Q. Had that old man used to come often?
Mrs. Tompkinson. He used to come every day.
Justice Spinnage. I was at my Lord Harrington's house, to examine the servants: I examined them very particularly: Weskett told me he had not been up stairs all the day before the robbery, nor the day before that: after he was taken up, I went and searched his box; there were fifteen or sixteen guineas in a drinking horn: I asked him how he came by that money? he said he received it of his Lordship; then he said he had no more; but when he was searched again, then was sixty guineas found: then he said he brought a good deal of money to Lord Harrington's when he came there.
Mr. Sparrow. I have known Weskett between three and four years; he has lodged at my house before he went to my Lord Harrington's, and he has three or four nights since he came away.
Q. Where do you live?
Sparrow. I live in Maddox-street: I keep a public house.
Q. Have you ever seen Weskett and Bradley together?
Sparrow. I have, several times, both at the house where I now live, and the house where I did live.
Q. How long have you known Bradley?
Sparrow. I did not know him till last summer.
Q. What did they appear to come about?
Sparrow. To drink a pot of beer and read the papers.
Q. How many times do you think they have been together at your house?
Sparrow. I am positive they have been there ten or twelve times, I believe. About two or three months after Weskett left Lord Harrington's, he told me he had got some money, and desired me to put it by for him in my bureau: I put it in my waistcoat pocket, till I had an opportunity to put it by. There were seventy guineas of it; I counted it; and about three months after, he had ten guineas out of it: he said it would be safer at my house than at his lodgings.
Q. Did you ever see Cooper at your house?
Sparrow. I never saw him till I saw him at the bar.
Q. to Justice Spinnage. When Cooper was examined at Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, what did he say?
Justice Spinnage. It was suspected he knew a great deal; he protested he knew nothing of the matter: I said, I am very well convinced you do; and if you will tell all you know, I'll do all in my power to serve you: he said, he did not know where Bradley was; and he knew nothing of the robbery. Sir John said, I have a great mind to commit you, for you do know: he was going to commit him: then he said, I have something to say: then they went into a room together; what the conversation was, I know not.
Mr. Dumbar. I am servant to Sir 
               
                  Gregory 
                  Page 
               



            . I have known Weskett five years and upwards, and Cooper about three or four: I knew them acquainted with each other two years ago: I have seen them but seldom together.
Q. Were they acquainted with Bradley, can you tell?
Dunbar. They were; I have seen him with them; I have seen Weskett and Bradley together above a year ago frequently: Weskett lived with me two years at Putney, and he lived at the same place where I lived as butler, in Charles-street, about five or six years ago: at that time no servant upon earth was more at home, or behaved better: he left our service at his own request, by saying the place was not good enough, and Master gave him a character: I believe, at that time, he deserved a good character: where he lived about two years after that, he behaved extremely well. Cooper was also acquainted with Bradley two years ago.
Q. Have you seen either of the three together lately?
Dunbar. I saw Bradley and Weskett together three or four times last summer.

Q. Do you know in what manner Weskett lived last summer?
Dunbar. No, I do not.


                  Joseph 
                  Timewell 
               



            . I keep the Portland-arms, in Portland-street. Bradley brought Weskett to my house, two or three years ago; I saw them togegether about a month ago, at my house; they had a dram at the bar, and away they went.
Q. How often may you have seen them together?
Timewell. I have seen them twenty times together, for what I know. Weskett was out of place, and he left a chest or trunk at my house; Bradley and he came together.
Q. When was this?
Timewell. This was, I believe, two or three years ago.
Q. Who had the key of it?
Timewell. I don't know: Bradley came and took it away.
Weskett's Defence.
There are many things I can contradict, if your lordship will give me leave: I can account for my being in the gallery. As to what Elizabeth Street says, it is well known to all the family, that I used frequently to go over that gallery, to my lady's dressing-room. Another thing, Mr. Devell says I have no right to go to my lord's apartment; I have been by my Lord's order for franks, and many times my Lord's footman has been out of the way, and sometimes he has had no valet de chambre, and my Lady's footman did not care to go; and I have carried them, and my Lord has given me a guinea at a time.
Cooper's Defence.
I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and made a discovery, according to the advertisement: Sir John gave it out I was to be admitted an evidence: It was by my instigation that Bradley was taken, by one Bradshaw; and my Lord was bound over to prosecute Weskett and Bradley.
Q. to Mr. Bevell. Was it Weskett's business to go up stairs?
Bevell. He was cautioned against going up stairs. I never knew of his going up stairs, till the last time of my Lord's returning from the country: to my knowledge, he had not been up to my Lord before.
Lord Harrington. It was the business of my own footman to come up to me with messages. I can't recollect that the prisoner came up to me, till very lately: it was officiously, when he did.
Weskett called nobody to his character.
Cooper called Mr. Jones, with whom he had lived about five years and a half, down till February, 1763. 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Beck 
               



            , who had known him five years, and had lent him money when he went into business, which was last February twelvemonths. Mr. Downs, and Mr. Blare, about ten years; and Mr. Story, a great many years; who all had a good opinion of him, till this affair.
Weskett, 

               Guilty
            . 


               Death
            .
Cooper, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
There was another indictment against Weskett, for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Montague 
               



            , Esq; and stealing a quantity of jewels and money, March 20, 1760; and Cooper, for receiving part of the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.
