





399. (M.) 
               
                  Martha, wife
 of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Stodard 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               that she, on the 4th of June
, about the hour of one in the day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hoy 
                        




                      
                  , did break and enter, no person being therein, and stealing a coat and waistcoat, value 20 s. a man's hat, value 5 s. a perriwig, value 5 s. a shirt, value 5 s. a pair of worsted hose, a silk handkerchief, a gold ring, a pair of iron shoe-buckles plaited, a moiodore, a 6 s. and 9 d. piece, a quarter guinea, and 14 shillings in money, numbered, the property of the said George, in his dwelling-house
            . +



                  George 
                  Hoy 
               



            . I am a labouring man
, and live in Dowl-street, Wapping


, the prisoner was my next door neighbour; I went out to work on the 4th of June, about five; my wife died about a fortnight before, so I locked up my house, and left nobody in it; I came home about six in the afternoon, and found my back-door open which I had left bolted with two bolts; I had but one room; I missed the clothes, ring, and money mentioned in the indictment; the money was taken out of a corner-cupboard which I left locked; two days after I saw my coat hanging up at Mr. Coloman's door in the Minories; he told me he bought it of a woman, which he should know could he see her; he described the prisoner, I took her to him; he said he bought the gold ring of her, but had sold it; I got a search-warrant, and searched her house, and found my hat and shirt, a pair of stockings, and a handkerchief (produced and deposed to;) her husband has since sold all his goods and gone to sea.


                  David 
                  Coleman 
               



            . I gave the prisoner four shillings for a gold ring, but have sold it; I bought this coat of her for seven shillings (produced and deposed to by prosecutor;) the prisoner said he: husband was drowned the day before at London-bridge.
Prisoner's defence.
I never was in his house in my life.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
