





205. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Allison 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a watch, with the outside case tortoise-shell and the inside gold, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Grace 
                           Hall 
                        




                      
                  , spinster
, in the dwelling-house of the said Grace
            , March 3
. ||


                  Grace 
                  Hall 
               



            . I live in Darby-court, Piccadilly


. On the 3d of March I lost a watch, as described in the indictment, out of my bed-chamber. I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             on the Thursday, and had hand-bills dispersed about. The prisoner lodged in my house, and he went away on the Sunday morning without giving me any notice; he is a carpenter by trade. After I had missed the watch, he came again and paid me for his lodging; I told him I had lost my watch, but he would not own any thing of it, neither would he when Mr. Davidson produced it.
Mr. Davidson. I am a pawnbroker. I think it was on Tuesday, March the 4th, the prisoner came into my shop, there was a glazier putting in a pane of glass in the door; the prisoner stood in the shop near an hour. I asked him what he wanted; he said he would tell me presently. After that I asked him again if he wanted any thing particular; he said no. After some time he took out this watch, (produced and deposed to by prosecutrix) and said he wanted three guineas and a half upon it. I said, is it your own; he said no, it is Mr. Burton's, a plumber in the Strand. I took it in and after he was gone, I looked out and saw him standing with some paviours near Mr. Burton's door, which gave me to believe he had told me the truth. On the Thursday in the evening I received a bill from Sir John Fielding. describing the watch; then I went to Mr. Burton, and asked him if he sent a man with such a watch to me; he said no. I said, is there such a young man lives with you; he said there was a young man lived with him, but he was gone out, and when he came in he would send for me. After that I was sent for, but neither I or my wife could be certain to him. We went to Sir John Fielding's to know where the watch was lost from; about ten minutes after came Mr. Burton's young man, who said he had found out where Mrs. Hall lives, and he would go with me to see if he was the person. When we came there, she said she had a suspicion of one Allison that had lodged there; we went and found him working in his business. The prisoner said he was very sorry, and hoped I would be favourable in my evidence.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw Mr. Davidson before I saw him at Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's. I told Mrs. Hall I was going away, and when I went again for my box, she told me her watch was gone. I said I knew nothing of it.
Prosecutrix. One night before he told me he should go away, but at the time of going away he did not.
For the prisoner.


                  Richard 
                  Allison 
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother, I am a hair-dresser. The prosecutrix told me she had the watch in the house on the Tuesday morning.
Prosecutrix. I believe I had it on the Tuesday morning, after he went away on the Sunday.
Mr. Steadman. The prisoner has been in town five months, he worked for Mr. Pilewood, a carpenter in Piccadilly, who gave me a good account of the prisoner, as to his behaviour.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
