





35. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilkinson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten silver table-spoons, value 15 s. two silver tea-spoons, value 2 s. two pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s. one steel sword, with a silver-hilt, and two linnen aprons
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Anderson 
                  




                
            , November 11
. ++


                  Hannah 
                  Champion 
               



            . I live with Mr. Anderson; he is my uncle. The prisoner came as a lodger to our house; I lay in a first pair of stair's room; the prisoner was gone to bed before I went up; his room was up three pair of stairs; I went to go to bed, and heard a disturbance below stairs; I went down stairs, and saw the prisoner at the bar in the fore-room; I asked him, what he wanted; he told me, he wanted to go out; I told him, there was a door backwards; I did not know that any thing was lost at that time; on turning himself round, I saw an apron hang out of his pocket; I took it out, it was my aunt's apron; I went up stairs to call my uncle, and, in the mean time, he went out at the back door; I had observed, there were more things in his pocket, but could not tell what they were; we missed the buckles and spoons out of the chest of drawers in my uncle's room; he had not been in the house above half an hour, before he came down stairs with the things.


                  Peter 
                  Anderson 
               



            . The prisoner came on the Friday morning, and asked me to lend him a little money, saying, he had money coming from a man of war, which he should take on the Monday. I enquired, and found it was so; and, as the man was a good looking man, I let him have 3 s. and 6 d. he asked me, if I would give him liberty to stay at my house, two or three days, till he took his money. I went out, with my wife, to a friend's to dinner; and, when I came home, my niece told me, the prisoner was gone to bed; we went to bed at about eleven; my niece said, she thought there was something taken out of the room; so she sat up after she had seen the prisoner, as she mentioned; she came up with the apron, and said, the man that we had let to lay there, was a thief, and she believed he had got more things. The prisoner was taken in the little house backwards.


                  William 
                  Kinton 
               



            . I am headborough of St. Catharine's. I was informed, a man, that came from Portsmouth, that had taken a lodging at the prosecutor's, had robbed him, and that he was got out into a back-yard: We went out upon the tiles in search for him, and at last took him in the Necessary-house. It was the prisoner at the bar, with all the things mentioned in the indictment upon him; he had the sword in his hand. (The things produced, and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I was very much in liquor. I have been guilty of taking the things, and I am sorry for it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
