





531. (L.) 
               
                  Susannah 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        George 
                        Williams 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one dollar, value 4 s. 6 d. and forty-five shillings in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Foss 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said John
            , May 23
. *


                  John 
                  Foss 
               



            . I keep a grocer's shop
, in the Fleet-market


; the prisoner lives opposite me, in Bear-alley. She came the 22d of May, to clean out our dining-room and bedchamber; in the dining-room is a closet, in which was locked up, in a purse, four crown pieces, six half crowns, ten shillings in silver, and a silver dollar, value 4 s. 6 d. I had seen it the night before, and locked the closet-door. She was cleaning the dining-room; next morning, about eight or nine o'clock, my wife asked me for the key of the closet, to have that cleaned out.
Q. In what part of the closet did your money lie?
Foss. The purse was on the floor; I gave her the key: the next day, I went up, and missed my money. My wife said, perhaps you have put it somewhere else; and said, I dare say the prisoner was honest; so it passed on, till hearing of a little misdemeanor she had done, I went and charged her with taking my money; she said, she never had seen it; at last she owned she had bought a gown in Holborn with some of the silver: it cost nine shillings: I got a constable, and gave him charge of her; the constable told her, if she would not tell what she had done with the dollar, she must go to Newgate: then she said she would tell what she had done with it; and said, that she had pawned it to 
               
                  Adam 
                  Cane 
               



            's Wife, for four shillings.


                  Sarah 
                  Foss 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor: the prisoner was cleaning our house the 22d of May. I put the key in the closet door, and said, if she found any things in the closet, to put them in their places again: I thought she was a very honest woman: she having found two or three things in cleaning some time before, and delivered them to me: after my husband told me he missed the money, I looked in the closet; there was no money there.
Q. Was any other person in the dining-room at that time?
S. Foss. There was nobody in the house but my husband and she and I.
Adam Cane. I am a victualler in the Fleet-market: about six or seven weeks ago, the prisoner came to my spouse with the prosecutor: she said, Mrs. Cane, let me have that dollar which you have for the four shillings: my spouse produced it: the prisoner said, that is the dollar which was in the purse.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to clean the rooms once, and found a Queen Elizabeth 27 s. piece, which I delivered to them, and another time I found a purse of silver buttons, which I delivered also, and a paper of thread. I found this purse with the money in the yard, out at a door which opens into the churchyard.




               Guilty, 39 s
            . 


               T
            .
