





(M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bodger 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two linnen shirts, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Reader 
                        



                      
                  , and 23 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cooper 
                  



                
            , Nov. 27
. ++


                  John 
                  Cooper 
               



            . I live in Sweet-Apple court, Bishopsgate-street


: I went out last Sunday sennight; my wife was going out to an acquaintances, where I was to call for her, I called in the evening for her; I was told she was gone home: I went home, and was much surprized to find the door open, and the house all in darkness: I called to the lodgers, to know if they had seen my wife: they said they had not. I went back again, where my wife was to have been, and found her. I told her the door was open; we went home directly, and found we had been robb'd of 23 s. and 2 d. out of a small leather trunk that was in a drawer, and locked; the shirts were lost out of the same room; we found the trunk was unlocked, and not forced; the key of the trunk was in a nest of drawers, so that we supposed it was somebody that knew it took the key, and unlocked the trunk, and took them; and on Monday the prisoner came into the yard where I was at work; he shook me by the hand, and said he was very sorry for my misfortune: he said it must be my lodgers, or somebody that knew me. I clapt my hand on his shoulder, and said, My friend, was you not nigh my house yesterday? he said no nigher than Hog-lane, which is about a quarter of a mile from my house. I had no suspicion of the prisoner. I went to Justice Fielding's, who advis'd me to advertise the shirts, as they were marked: on the next day (Tuesday) Mrs. Philips, a neighbour, told me that the prisoner had been by my house the day I was robb'd: when she saw him, she thought that he was disappointed of his usual house, as my wife and I were out: upon this, suspicion arose, I pursued him to Tottenham, searched him, and found one of the shirts upon him. I said this is one of the shirts; he denied it. I bid him turn his money out of his pocket; there was a Queen Ann's silver Three-pence, and a George the Second's Two-pence, wrapped up in a piece of paper, which was part of the money stole out of the trunk, and belonged to my child, and also 7 s. I said, what think you of this? He said, Master Cooper, that money is yours, and I am the man that robb'd you. He confess'd the taking of them before the Justice; the shirt he had on was marked with S. R. on the hip.
Mrs. Cooper. I lock'd my door when I went out to a neighbour's, on Sunday evening. I staid there till my husband called; when I locked the door, the money and shirts were safe. (The shirts produced in court, and deposed to by Reader.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I met a woman on Tuesday, in Brown's lane, I bought a shirt and a pair of stockings of her, from thence I went to Tottenham; I call'd in at a public house for a pint of beer, there I met with the prosecutor; he call'd me into another room, and said he was informed I was the man that robb'd him; I told him I was not; the shirt he swore to, but would not to the stockings; they took me to the justice, and I was committed to Clerkenwell.
For the prisoner.


                  Joshua 
                  Dolphin 
               



            . The prisoner has worked for me on and of, 20 months; I thought myself very happy in having such a man to do my business; his general character is that of a very honest sober man; he is as hard a working fellow as ever I knew. I never heard him swear an oath.


                  William 
                  Barnard 
               



            . I have employed the prisoner; I would trust him with untold gold; I never had any suspicion of him, and would employ him again, if he was clear of this.


                  Jonathan 
                  Turner 
               



            . I am a collar-maker, I have known the prisoner 20 months. I never heard any thing amiss of him.
They were all questioned as to the character of the prosecutor, and said they knew nothing but that he was an honest man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
