





269. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Crawley 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing thirty-two yards of linen cloth, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Tomkins 
                  




                
            , Aug. 17
~.


                  Benjamin 
                  Tomkins 
               



            . I live in Bread street, and am a linen draper
: The prisoner was my livery servant
; my servant 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Handcock 
               



             missed some linen cloth before the prisoner absconded, but did not tell me till afterwards. Then I went to Mr. Fielding, and got a search warrant; I had his mother's house searched at Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire, where I had him from; we found nothing; he was taken, and before Justice Fielding he confessed, he came down in the morning and took the key of my warehouse, and took his piece of linen, (it was his business to get up and open the shutters in a morning) and at that time he owned he did it: he said, he took a piece of long lawn from the counter, and concealed it where we put our loose wrappers, and about an hour after he conveyed it away to my porter's house and it was in the porter's w ife's custody several days; that he had part of it cut out for shirts, and the remainder he wanted to dispose of, and he to have the value of it; and upon her being doubtful in what manner he came by it, and very uneasy, he went and got the remainder of it. and directed it for himself. an I sent it down to Aylesbury by the Wooburn-coach, where it was afterwards found; there were thirty-two yards of it when in my shop; he had artfully tore off the ticket which we fix to the end, so that I can only say, what I lost was of the same quality and same sort of cloth as this [Producing it.]


                  Thomas 
                  Handcock 
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Tomkins; the prisoner lived at our house; I remember missing a piece of long-lawn on the 17th of August; it was thirty-two yards; Mr. Tomkins was then ill of the gout, and I did not care to tell him of it, fearing to make him worse; in a day or two the prisoner absconded; he commonly used to come down to open the shutters a few minutes before me; after he was taken, I heard him confess at Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, the same as Mr. Tomkins has mentioned.


                  Jane 
                  Holland 
               



            . I live in Trinity-lane; I am wife to Mr. Tomkins's porter; the prisoner brought me the cloth, to-morrow will be six week in the morning, and desired me to make him five shirts of it; when one was made, we began to suspect he did not come honestly by it; I asked him how he came by it? he said, he bought it at the Sun in Cheapside in a lot: I went, and found there had been goods sold there by lot; still I was uneasy, till I made him take the cloth away; in about an hour after he was gone, it appeared he stole it.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
