





153. (M) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Harwood 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one flock bed, value 2 s. two linnen sheets, value 9 d. one pair of bellows, value 6 d. one tin pot, value 3 d. and one iron pot, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Holmes 
                        




                      
                  , the same being, in a certain lodging-room, let by contract, to be used by the said Sarah
            , &c. Nov. 29
. ++.


                  John 
                  Holmes 
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my house.
Q. How long did she lodge there?
Holmes. I believe about nineteen weeks.
Q. Who let her the lodgings?
Holmes. She agreed with me for the lodgings, ready furnished.
Q. Did you let her these goods mentioned in the indictment, with the lodging?
Holmes. I did. Last Sunday morning I sent my house-keeper to the apartment where the prisoner lodged; she came again, and said, the door was left open, and the things were gone. I sent her for the prisoner to her father's house. She came, and said she had taken them away for conveniency.

Q. How for conveniency?
Holmes. Because she worked on the other side Moorfields. At that time she owed me 9 s. She said she would bring them all again on the morrow. I asked her for the key, she said it was at her father's; she went and fetched it. This being Sunday, I took no farther notice then, because I would not have a disturbance on that day. On the Monday I got a warrant, and went and took her up, and then I found she had pawned the things.
Q. Where had she pawned them?
Holmes. At one Ellis's, in Winfield-street, near George-yard. I went there the next morning: they denied them. Then I got a search-warrant, and found one sheet only. I carried the sheet to justice Fielding, he said I should have brought the pawnbroker too. I went back for them, but they were gone.
Prisoner. It was but a pint tin-pot. I acknowledge my fault, and crave your mercy. I lately had my arm broke, or I had not been necessitated. Mr. Holmes made an agreement to take them again if I would put them in the room again.
Q. to Holmes. Did you make such agreement?
Holmes. I never agreed with her for any such a thing.
Prisoner. He said, let her alone, if she will put the things in their places again, it will be all well.
Holmes. My house-keeper wanted me to secure her that Sunday-night, but I was not for making an uproar then; but I took her up the next day. [The headborough produced a sheet.]
Prosecutor. This is my property, and what I let to the prisoner with the room.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


