





231. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Upgood 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of iron shoe-buckles, plated with silver, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Howard 
                  




                
            , February 25
. *


                  Richard 
                  Howard 
               



            . I live in the parish of Hanwell


, and am a clock and watchmaker
. On the 25th of February, I was called home about half an hour after 8 at night, and told a person had robbed my shop, and the man described to me that was seen to run out of the shop. I caused a hue and cry to be made about the country. I was told such a man was seen going into Brentford. I was coming to London, to acquaint Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             of it, and we overtook the prisoner at Hammersmith, about half an hour after 1 o'clock, at the Harrow alehouse. We brought him back to Brentford: there a person said he had seen the prisoner in a field. The prisoner at first denied it; at last he said he would shew us where the buckles were: they were found accordingly. I was not by when he told this, but I heard him confess all afterwards.


                  William 
                  Slatter 
               



            . On the 25th of February I was in bed; Mr. Howard sent for me; I went. He told me he had been robbed; (I am a constable at Brentford;) we took him before a Justice of the peace. He a long time denied knowing where the buckles were; but when we got him to the Justice's yard, then he said he would tell us where they were, if we would not let a mob be about him. I and Mr. Howard's man went with him to the place where he said they were; it was a garden near Brentford. He said they were on the other side the pales; I got over, and there found them (three pair produced;) he said he had them out of Mr. Howard's shop.
Prosecutor. These are of the same pattern as they I lost: they are my buckles.


                  John 
                  Wade 
               



            , servant to Mr. Howard, confirmed the tesitmony given by Slatter the constable.
Prisoner's defence.
They made me drunk, to speak things that I never knew.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
