





181. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Thompson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one feather-bed, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George Basset 
                           Hutchins 
                        




                     
                  , in a certain lodging room, let by contract
            , &c. April 20.*
George Basset Hutchins. I live in Water-lane, Black-friars


. I let the prisoner at the bar a lodging, with only a bed and bedstead, at eight-pence per week.
Q. How long had she lodged with you?
Hutchins. She had lodged in my house going on two years in a back garret. She was over the water at work. I went up and missed the bed, and she had nothing but straw upon the bedstead to lie upon; this was on the 20th of April. My wife went over the water to her, and brought her home. I charged her with taking the bed; she said, if I would let her go, she would make me restitution for it?
Q. Did you ever get it again?
Hutchins. No, I never saw it afterwards.
Q. What did she say was become of it?
Hutchins. She said, she had sold it at different places, by taking out the feathers at different times.
Q. What is the value of it?
Hutchins. I value it at 10 s.
Q. What did she say she had done with the ticken?
Hutchins. She owned she had sold that.
Prisoner's Defence.
I left my door tied with a string, having never a lock to it, the bed was lost in the manner he speaks of; there is Mr. Seymour, one of the jury, knows me, if he will speak for me.
For the prisoner.
Mr. Seymour. She worked for me two or three years ago, she behaved very well then.
Frances Fisher. I have known her upwards of 20 years, she lived with my mother and me above three years, she was very honest, and a very good servant; I never heard of her doing any thing amiss before this, she has never been half a year from my house this 20 years, she nursed me with two children.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


