





411. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Beaden 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve pounds weight of Bohea tea, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William John 
                     Andrews 
                  



               
            , Esq
; and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Middleditch 
                  



                
            , June 7
. ||


                  Joseph 
                  Middleditch 
               



            . I live in Budge-row. The prisoner was coachman
 to Mr. Andrews, my partner: we are grocers

. On the 12th of June last, we found a great deficiency in our tea; the excise-officer makes us take an account of our stock four times in the month, and we could not give an account how this decrease came; we supposed by our book, twenty pounds of tea were deficient: we had no suspicion of the prisoner, he having no connection with the shop; so we entertained a bad opinion of honest servants, and had determined to turn them all away; but on the 20th of June last, a servant of ours went into the shop earlier than common, and the prisoner at the bar was found in the shop, without his shoes and stockings: this was between five and six o'clock. I was called up, and went in about five minutes; there I saw the prisoner: he begged of me to have mercy on him; he owned he had taken tea out of a cannister, and put it into a paper bag; I suppose it might hold about eight pounds; he being frightened, put it back into the cannister again. He said, if I would forgive him, he would never do the like again; and told us he had robbed us before, and how he got into the shop: that on the 7th of June, he had taken some tea, and wrapped it up in canvas, and sent it to one 
               
                  John 
                  Smallwood 
               



            , a very bad fellow, somewhere near Ipswich; we endeavoured to take that man, but it was blown about, and he got off. I believe the prisoner is a very young offender; he never denied it. I never heard any ill of him before.
Q. How did he say he got in?
Middleditch. The door had two capital bolts, and he had made a breach by the side of the door, in the lath and plaister; he could get his hand in, and with a stick could undo, and also fasten again the bolts; he made the same confession before my Lord Mayor; and on the account of his penitence, I recommend him to mercy.


                  George Gilbert 
                  Slack 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. On Wednesday morning, the 20th of June, about 6 o'clock, I went into the shop; upon unlocking the door, I perceived the prisoner at the bar at a cannister, emptying tea into a paper bag. I walked about two yards into the shop before he saw me, I believe; he fell on his knees, and said, I am ruined, I am ruined; What shall I do? I said, I cannot tell what you must do; as I have been suspected in taking of tea, I am obliged to tell my masters of it, and it was in vain to speak to me. He got up from his knees, and went to the paper bag, and returned the tea out of it, into the cannister again, and went up stairs into his own room, and put on the remainder of his cloaths, having then on nothing but his breeches and shirt. In that time, I went and called Mr. Middleditch up, who immediately followed me, as soon as he could put his cloaths on. When I returned, the prisoner was coming along the shop to come to the door, in order to go out: Mr. Middleditch said, Young man, I have a suspicion of your taking the tea; he made no answer: then Mr. Middleditch said, Did you not take the other tea that was missing? he fell down on his knees, and confessed taking about twelve or fourteen pounds before, and had sent it into Suffolk, to one Smallwood, a smuggler, to sell for him: this he also confessed before my Lord Mayor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never did take any, but that time, and that was for my own use, as I had seen the other servants do so before; I was not very well at the time. As to a confession, I said any thing whatever they asked me, but I am quite innocent of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
