





302. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Victoire 
                     Donvilla 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing five linen gowns, value 36 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Rickaby 
                  




                
            , April 19
. *
The prisoner, being a French woman, and could not speak English, an interpreter was sworn.


                  Sarah 
                  Shelfe 
               



            . I am a mantua-maker, and live in Castle-street, Leicester-fields


: the prisoner took a lodging of me by the week, at a week's warning; she only staid one night, the 18th of April: the next day she went out, between 11 and 12 in the day. She had lain in the parlour where the five gowns lay, bundled up, mentioned in the indictment, which I made for Mrs. Rickaby, and were ready done up to carry home. I went out about the time she did, but returned in about five minutes, and then missed the five gowns.
Q. Do you understand French?
S. Shelfe. No, I do not, but she spoke English so that I could understand her: there was nobody in the parlour the morning that she went away, but she and I. My husband and another man went about to the pawnbrokers, to give notice, if such should be brought, to stop them; I went about after that, and found the gowns at another pawnbroker's; they sent to us, and we went and secured her.


                  George 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am pawnbroker, and live in Long-Acre. [He produced five linen gowns, deposed to by Mrs. Shelfe, to be the property of Mrs. Rickaby, and taken out of her parlour at the time she before mentioned, and that Mrs. Rickaby was gone to Warwickshire.] These five gowns the prisoner at the bar brought to me on the 19th of April, before 12 o'clock; she said they were her own; I sent her 1 l. 15 s. upon them.
Prisoner's Defence.
These gowns were in the parlour where I lodged. I asked Mrs. Shelfe what they were for; she said they were to be sold: upon that I said I would buy them, but could not pay for them then. I bought them, and having some money to pay, I went and pawned them.
To her Character.
She called 
               
                  Frances 
                  Bolioe 
               



            , a milliner in Dean-street, and her Husband, 
               
                  John
                   L'Esperance
               



            , and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Brumley 
               



            , who gave her a good Character.



               Guilty
            .


               T
            .
