





225. (L.) 
               
                  Frances 
                  Green 
               



            , widow
, otherwise Frances, wife of - Green, was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton gown, val. 12 s. one shirt, two handkerchiefs, two caps, two yards of ribbon, one hat, one cloth cloak
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert Olton 
                     Vring 
                  




               
            , April 28
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Vring 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Robert Oston 
                  Vring 
               



            . I went out on the 28th of April, between 11 and 12, and desired the prisoner to take care of my house till I came back; she worked for me in making sailor's jackets; when I came back again, I found my little child with a farthing worth of gingerbread in her hand, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment and prisoner. She came the 2d of May to me with the hat on her head and the cloak on her back, I charged her with taking the things; then she owned, she had pawned my gown for 8 s. at the Three blue Balls, on Ludgate Hill, on the 28th of April, she went with me there, there I found it.


                  John 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. (He produced the gown, deposed to by prosecutrix,) this was pawned to me by the prisoner at the bar on the 28th of April, in the name of Frances Green, I lent her 8 s. upon it.


                  Susanna 
                  Lovechild 
               



             and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Wright 
               



             deposed to that of the prisoner's confessing, she had stole the gown and pawned it for 8 s.
The prisoner in her defence said, the prosecutrix lent her the gown.
The prosecutrix, upon being asked, denied it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
