





378. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davies 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of leather harness, two bridles, and one collar, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Kendall 
                  Mason 
               




             , Esq
; April 30
. ++


                  Daniel 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I am a servant to squire Mason in Mark-lane


; I was in the country when the harness was stole; when I returned, Mr. Miller that belongs to the inn, told me the things mentioned in the indictment were stole. I came back on the 30th of April, and I saw the prisoner the 1st or 2d of May; he had used to lie about the yard; he was in prison; we went into the taproom, he told us as near as he could where he had sold them; Mr. Miller got a search warrant, and we found them.


                  George 
                  Miller 
               



            . Mr. Mason rented a stable of me, at the time this harness; was lost there was an advertisement about some Irish stuffs stole out of my yard; he was stopped about these goods in the Borough, he having offered them to sell; one of our servants went and saw him there in Bridewell; he came home and told me; I then mistrusted he had stole the harness; I went to him, and said, John, you have stole these things; how shall I get you off? he said, master, I wish you could. I asked him about the harness; he told me he had sold them at the Black-horse in Aldersgate-street; I went with two or three of my servants, and found them there, one Green bought them; we took them away. I had five different actions for several things that have been stole out of my yard, and I verily believe the prisoner stole them all.
Thomas Green. I am a master coachman; I bought the harness of the prisoner at the bar some time in April, I cannot tell the day: I gave him 18 s. 7 d. for them,
Q. Did you know him before?
Green. I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Q. Was there a crest upon them?
Green. No, that was taken off; there were bridles and a false collar belonging to them; he said, he had them to sell for a gentleman's coachman, who was gone into the country, and he was to give his wife the money.
Prisoner's defence.
I had this harness of madam Croucher's coachman; they may swear away my life if they please



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
