





259. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Horton 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one man's cloth coat, value 40 s. one linnen handkerchief, value 2 d. and one pair of leather gloves, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Rowland 
                     Friend 
                  




                
            , July 18
. ++


                  Rowland 
                  Friend 
               



            . I lost my coat with a pair of breeches, and a handkerchief in the pocket.
Q. When?
Friend. Seven weeks ago last Friday; I left nobody in the room but the prisoner at the bar; he very much importuned me to go and fetch him a pint of beer, and while I was gone, he was gone and my coat also.
Q. Are you sure your coat was in the room when you went out?
Friend. I am sure it was; as sure as we are all here.
Q. Did you ever get your things, or any of them again?
Friend. I got the handkerchief and gloves again the next day.
Q. Why did you not accuse him the last sessions?
Friend. He was then in Tothill-fields bridewell.
Q. Did the prisoner confess any thing?
Friend. He said he was quite innocent.


                  John 
                  Bacon 
               



            . I am serjeant in the same company with the prisoner; the prosecutor came to me on the 19th of July, in the morning, and told me he had been robbed of his coat and things by the prisoner; I told him the prisoner had lain out of the barracks all night; the prosecutor described the coat: in about half an hour's time the prisoner came, and I confined him; after which I saw him take and throw the gloves into the hole as he was coming out (produc'd in court, and depos'd to) then I took a candle and looked about, and I saw this handkerchief, (produced, and deposed to) I charged the prisoner with the coat, he denied it; Mr. Friend said he should be contented to have him tried by a court marshal; but the court would not try him; he having been punished several times for such crimes before; then the colonel gave me a shilling to go and get a warrant from Mr. Fielding, and gave him up to the law.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing at all of it; as I was coming down stairs in this man's house I took up the gloves and handkerchief, and put them into my pocket.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


