





167. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Young 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six silver tea-spoons, one silver tea-strainer, and two tin cannisters, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Wallis 
                        



                      
                  ; and one cloth cardinal, value 17 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Donavell 
                  



                
            , Jan. 14
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Wallis 
               



            . I keep a public-house
 in David-street, Hanover-square


; the prisoner and another man came into my house on the 14th of January, between eight and nine at night; they called for a tankard of beer; my maid carried it in: they ordered some bread and cheese; the next morning when my wife and girl got up, the girl's cloak was missing; in looking about, I saw the tea chest was open, and the cannisters, spoons, and strainer were gone.
Q. Was the chest broke open?
Wallis. It was.
Q. What room were the things missing taken from?
Wallis. From out of the kitchen, where the prisoner and his companion were drinking. On the Monday following, between nine and ten at night, a man came and asked my wife if she had not lost such things; she said she had: he said to me, if I would go along with him, he would help me to the sight of the man that took them: I did not know but he was one of their gang (being a stranger) and might rob me at that time; I would not go; he left directions where the place was, and that the man's name was Young. I went the next morning to justice Fielding, and got a search-warrant  and a constable, and went and found the prisoner in bed; I asked him if his name was Young; he said no, Young had dressed himself and gone out; I looked about the room; there stood my two tin cannisters in the closet; I charged him with taking them; he said he knew nothing about them; we took him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , he directed us to a woman named Langstaff, at Charing-cross, for the cloak; we went there; she was in bed, and would not open the door at first, but when we said we would break it, then she did; we found the cloak under her bed; we took her and the cloak to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fieldings 
               



            ; then I fetched my maid, who swore to the cloak; then the woman told us, she and two men had sold the spoons to a silversmith in St. Martin's church-court; she went along with us to the house, where we found them.


                  Mary 
                  Donavell 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Wallis; I saw the prisoner and another man come into our house that night, between eight and nine o'clock; there was no other person in that room after they were gone; the prisoner paid the reckoning at their going away; I saw my cloak in the room when they were there, and I missed it the next morning about nine o'clock.


                  Sarah 
                  Lang 
               



             staff. I called at Mr. Young's lodgings on the 15th of January: he asked me to pledge a cloak and some tea spoons for him; I said, I was not fond of such a thing, but to oblige him I would do it; I carried them to Mr. Trip, in St. Martin's-lane; he lent me 6 s. upon the cloak, and 13 s. on the other things, and brought the money to Mr. Young: I called again on the 19th, and said I was going to buy a scarlet-cloak; he said I might have that if I would redeem it: and I knowing it to be a serviceable cloak, went and redeemed it: after that, he thought it was a pity the things should lie and eat themselves up, so he desired me to get some person or other to let me have money to redeem them; I went to a person in the Butcher-row that does those things, and got some money, and took them out, and sold them to Mr. Hudson, a silversmith, for 15 s. and a penny; I was surprized at the knocking at the door, made me hide the cloak.


                  John 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I am a silversmith. On Monday the 12th of January, two men and this last evidence came and had gave tea-spoons to me; I gave 2 s. 6 d. an ounce for them; (Produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Joseph 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I think it was on the 19th of January that I was known to sent for to serve a woman, we found two tin canisters in the prisoner's, and the cloak at the evidence; Langstaff's; I asked the prisoner, when I came into the room where he was in bed, if his name was Young; he said his name was not Young; he said Young was got up and gone out; he said his name was Smith.
Prisoner's defence.
I know no more of the things than nothing at all; a friend came to me, and asked me to pawn these things, I said I would endeavour to get a person to do it for them: I asked this evidence, and she was very agreeable to do it upon my account; which way he came by the things I do not know,



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him for stealing a silver tankard.
