





440. (M.) 
               
                  Thomas, otherwise 
John, otherwise 
Robert Cross


            , was indicted for 


               stealing two live hens, value 5 s. and two live cocks, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Harmon 
                  




                
            , widow
, Sept. 13
. *
Robert Goodwright. I am servant to Mrs. Hanmon, she lives at Great Ealing


, in Middlesex: my mistress had ten hens, two cocks, six ducks and a drake stolen, on the 13th of September, in the night, out of a place on the side of the yard; (one of the fowls shewn him,) I am sure this is one of the cocks my mistress lost; i know him by his head and his claws; his claws are rotted off, occasioned by a hurt when he was a chicken. I saw three hens and a drake the watchman had.


                  John 
                  Pemberton 
               



            . I am a watchman in Marybone parish. I carried my rattle to the watch house last Saturday morning, between four and five o'clock, and was going down the road home; there were the prisoner and another man sitting on the King's-head ale-house bench, the corner of Balsover-street; the prisoner had a sack lying upon the bench by him; the other man had a sort of a meal-sack hanging wallet-fashion, over his shoulder; I heard one of them say some thing about St. James's parish: when I came up to them, I said, this is not St. James's Parish, this is Marybone parish. The prisoner said, no master, what we are talking of, is Golden-square, and that is in St. James's parish, and the watchman does not go off there till five o'clock. I said, friend, you seem to be hard loaded this morning; the prisoner said, he was heavy loaded; that he bought it dear, and carried it a great way, having brought it 8 miles. I laid my hand upon the bag, and found that it contained fowls, or something of that sort, that were stolen goods: I went away, with a pretence to go home; they followed me; when they came opposite Argyle Buildings, they crossed over the way; I was a little before them, and turned back. There is a watchman's box at the end of the buildings; I asked the watchman if he had seen them? he said they were just gone by; we ran as fast as we could down Argyle-street: when I came to the top of Great Marlborough-street, I could just see the prisoner; I called to him to stop, he would not; so I told him, if he did not stop, I would set the dog on him. I laid hold of him, and the watchman run after the other, but could not overtake him: we took the prisoner to St. James's watch-house; he made some-resistance by the way, but I told him if he would not go quietly, I would set the dog upon him. The beadle of the watch-house took the fowls out; there were three hens and a cock, three ducks and a drake; the cock that is here produced, is the cock that was in the bag.
Q. How did he say he came by them?
Pemberton. He said, the man that was along with him, gave him a shilling and part of a pot of purl, to help him to carry them from Kensington-Gravel-pits to Temple-bar, the other man looked like a brewer's servant, or a bargeman, with a light great coat.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of it: I went with an acquaintance on Saturday morning last, as far as Kensington Gravel-pits; we were taking our leave of each other. and this man came by, and said, Soldier, are you going to London? if you will take part of my load, I'll give you a shilling and part of a pot of purl, at the first house that is open: I did not know what was in the sack, till it was opened at the round-house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
