





533. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bourn 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one guinea, one half guinea, one quarter guinea, and three shilling in money numbered
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Devene 
                  




                
            , October 14
. ||


                  John 
                  Devene 
               



            . Last Monday in the afternoon, after dark, I met the prisoner and one Sullivan, in the street: I wanted a pennyworth of tobacco: the prisoner undertook to get me a guinea changed; he went with it, and staid a long time; but at last brought me my change, a little short: I put up with that: we then went to a public house: they wanted me to stay there all night: I did not like the house nor them neither: there was a woman called me on one side, and got me down on the bed: I insisted upon getting up again, and did: I said, I would give her a dram, then I would go home to my lodgings: I took my money out to pay for it; and had it in my left hand: the prisoner snapt the money out of my hand; and said, I'll take care of this, and see you home: he turned and went out at the door; and so did Sullivan: I insisted on having my money again: they would not let me have it: they walked along, and I followed them, till we got into a dark alley; there I lost them. I went then to a place where I knew he was known: there a woman went with me, and shewed me the house where he lived. There were two women and a soldier drinking: I asked if it was Mr. Bourn's house? the woman said, he would be in presently: in five or six minutes I heard his tongue: I ran out; there was he and Sullivan: I took hold of the prisoner: Sullivan ran away: the prisoner got from me: there were two men, I told them he had robbed me; but they would not assist me: then I thought it was best to dodge him; which I did, to the Red-lion, in Nightingale-lane: I told a young man in a shop I had been robbed, by a man just gone in there; he went along with me: just as we got to the door, they were coming out with a parcel of women about them: I shewed him to the gentleman: we took him, and brought him to the watch-house then I charged him with having taken my money: he denied ever knowing me, or having a penny of my money: he said, he never saw me in his life, before he changed a guinea for me in the day. When before the Justice, he acknowledged the other man took the guinea, half guinea, and quarter guinea, and three or four shillings, out of my hand, and gave him part of it.
Q. What money did you lost?
Devene. I had above two guineas in my pocket in the morning; but I had spent some on them.
Mr. Mold. I am constable of Aldgate: I, and my brother constable, had been collecting money for the watch: about nine o'clock that day, the prosecutor came into a public house where we were; and said, I understand you are a constable, and I have been robbed; and if you will go along with me, to such a place in Nightingale-lane, we might take the man: he mentioned the same sum of money as he has here: we went with him, taking two watchmen with us, and just as we came to the Red-lion, there was the prisoner coming out of the house, with several women: the poor man said, that is the man, I desire you will take him: the prisoner was a little obstropulous: but we got him to the watch-house, and put him in the cage: then we searched his pockets, and found nine or ten shillings, one farthing, a knife, and a key: which we produced before the Justices in Whitechapel. He declared over and over, the next day, that he knew nothing of the matter: the prosecutor declared he was along with one Sullivan: the prisoner declared he had not seen Sullivan: for several days; and that they wanted to swear his life away. When we came before the Justice, then he said, he believed Sullivan had taken it; and had thrown him down half a guinea, and he would not take it; and they then drank it in egg-hot.
Prisoner. I never saw the prosecutor in my life, till yesterday at three o'clock.
Mr. Humphrys. I am the other constable: the prosecutor came and enquired for a constable; he was admitted into the parlour to us: he told us he had been robbed of a guinea, half a guinea, a quarter guinea, and some silver, which he could not be certain of: we went along with him : when we came to the Red-lion, Nightingale-lane, the prisoner was coming out at the door, with some women: he said, this is the man: I took the prisoner by the collar, and my partner by the other side: we brought him to the watch-house: he denied at first, that he had ever been in the prosecutor's company, only that evening for three or four hours; and that he had never seen Sullivan for several days: after he came before the Justices, he acknowledged, at the Coach and Horses, that he and Sullivan had been together; and that Sullivan was the man that robbed the prosecutor, and he threw him down half a guinea for his share, and he would have none of it: so they drank it in egg hot.
Prisoner's Defence.
The prosecutor was in a disorderly house, yesterday : I was going by at the back of the White-Swan, East Smithfield; he was along with a woman, on a bed: they had a sidler in the house: he called me in to drink: I believe I drank to the amount of two or three pots of half-in-half: there was a man called me out, to go and take a warrant out against a man: the prosecutor took out a guinea to change to buy some tobacco; the woman could not change it: I went out, and brought him the change, all but six-pence: we were all three of us walking arm in arm down Ratcliff-highway; we met Sullivan, who asked me to take share of a pot of beer : I said, I was going home: he insisted on my going to take share of a pint with him: we had it in the street: the prosecutor wanted to go to the same house again: we went up as far as Buckle-Street; he left me in the house, and gave me half a guinea out of his pocket: he came back again, with Sullivan and two disorderly women: he asked me where the money was; and said, let us drink it out: I went home to my wife: I was not at home five minutes before I went out, and went in at the Red-lion for a pint of beer; the woman drawed it me: these men came, and the prosecutor said, this is the man that took the money out of my hand: I said, I never saw you since three o'clock in the afternoon : he charged the gentlemen with me; and said, he was robbed in my house. I don't keep a house.
For the prisoner.


                  Michael 
                  Knowlton 
               



            . I and a shipmate happened to meet the prisoner and prosecutor: he wanted to buy some tobacco: he went into a shop, and pulled out a guinea: the woman could not change it
said the prisoner, I'll go and change it: he took it, and brought him change, all but six-pence.


                  Jane 
                  Martin 
               



            . I live by the Maypole, in East Smithfield: on Monday morning the prisoner came to me: we go-out together to buy old cloaths: he said, he was going out after a bargain : I said, I could not go; I had not been well all night: I gave him nine shillings out of my pocket, and asked him, if he had any money of his own: he said, he had about three or four shillings: he and another went out together. About nine o'clock, or something after, Suannah Bourn and this young man came to our house, and said, her husband was at the Red lion, drinking with 
               
                  James 
                  Sullivan 
               



            : he is a person of bad character, and she did not like him: I went with her, and said to him, what have you done with my money : he said, I have it about me: we were no sooner come out of the house, but they came and took hold of him, and carried him to the cage : I went there, and the prosecutor was put in one cage, and he in another: I said to the prosecutor, what are you here for: he said, I had some money in my hand, and was with two women on the bed, and I gave my money to that man; he said, he would take care of it; I saw him go out at the door, and I followed him. and so they made me bring him here; he said, if he had his money again, he would not hurt a hair of his head: I asked him where he lived: he said, it was no matter where: I said, where did this man rob you: said he, in his own house: I said, how can you swear faisely: said he, are you a justice of the peace: no, said I: said he, I shall say no more to you.


                  Ann 
                  King 
               



            . I was coming out of a public house with my sister: I saw 
               
                  James 
                  Sullvian 
               



             and the prisoner: the prosecutor came, he shewed the gentlemen the prisoner: they took hold of him, and let Sullivan run away. I heard the prosecutor charge the prisoner: then the prisoner charged him: then there was charge for charge: this was very near ten o'clock at night.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Brown 
               



            . The prosecutor came into the prisoner's house: he sat down, and asked me if Mr. Bourn was within: I said, no, but I expected him home very soon: we asked him, if he would drink; he did: he said, he was robbed in this house. After coming from the Justice's, we brought him into the room: we asked him, if that was the room he was robbed in: he said, he believed it was. 



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
