






307, 308. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gray 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Colnett 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, val. 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Harris 
                  




                
            , June 18
. ||


                  Robert 
                  Harris 
               



            . I have been seven years almost at sea, I came on shore three weeks ago last Wednesday, I met Gray with another man in Wapping, the other person tapt me on the shoulder, and said, there was a man had got eleven guineas, and they were going to game with him, if I would go, I might get some. (They were quite strangers to me, I never was in London before.) I said, I did not want any man's money; then he said, come and drink; I went in with them, but do not know the house; they got the cards, and began to lay a guinea a time, they got me to put money down, I lost a shilling, after that another, and after that a 5 s. and 3 d. piece, so I would lay no more, then the others went away, and I was left with Gray, then we went out together, he would have me go and take share of a pot of beer, so he carried me to the King's Arms in Old Castle-street


; and called for a pint of twopenny: Colnet joined us in going there; going along, they wanted me to let them have my watch to sell, they said, a sugar-baker's son, whose father allowed him 12 guineas a day, would give me 4 guineas for it, but I would not part with it upon any account; after the twopenny they called for a pint of beer with some other liquor in it; I had not been in bed that night. I laid my head down to take a nap, Gray tapt me and said, what o'clock is it? I pulled my watch out of my pocket, he snapt it out of my hand and gave it Colnett, and Colnett went away with it directly, Gray staid behind to pay the reckoning, and he was stopt by 
               
                  William 
                  Broomfield 
               



            , who came in accidentally.


                  Betty 
                  Tale 
               



            . My husband keeps the King's Arms. The two prisoners and prosecutor came into the house between 2 and 3 o'clock, I never saw either of them before, they called for a pint of twopenny, then a pen and ink, then for a pint of cold slip; there were three brewer's servants in the kitchen, as soon as they were gone, Colnett went to my husband and asked, if he would let them speak a word or two in private to Harris? Going through the passage, Harris asked them what their names were? Harris appeared to be in liquor. They came into the kitchen and sat down at the table, and called for a pen and ink again, then Colnett desired me to walk out of the kitchen, I said, that was my apartment, and I would not. Harris happened to drop asleep. I saw Gray take the watch out of Harris's hand and give it to Colnett, he put it under his apron, and went out with it. I called my husband and said, that young man's watch is gone, there is something going on I did not like. Harris dropt a shilling between his legs, and Gray took it up, and paid the reckoning with it; when my husband took the reckoning, Gray whispered him and said, I talked what did not concern me, and that Colnett was only gone for a little tea for the sailor. I said, Gray should not go till the young man had his watch again. A man, by overhearing me, went and found Colnett, and returned and said, he would be back in a quarter of an hour; Colnett came in about that distance of time and said, what do you keep the man in custody for? I said, till the young man has the watch, and now you are come, I insist upon your being charged. He used me very ill. Mr. Bird the constable was sent for, I insisted upon his taking them both away, but he would not for a great while, neither did he chuse to take charge of them. Colnett wanted Harris to pay him his charges while he had been gone with the watch, and said, he had pawned it for 1 l. 16 s. and threw that money on the table; this was after Colnett was charged; the young man wanted his watch, and would not take the money, then Colnet said, he should not have watch nor money neither.


                  William 
                  Broomfield 
               



            . I called in to drink, I saw the prosecutor and Gray sit opposite one another, I said to the prosecutor, what is the matter? he said, this man snatched my watch out of my hand, and gave it to another man, and he is run away with it. We kept Gray till Colnett came back. The constable was sent for, and came before Colnet returned.
Q. Did Harris say he had sent it out to be pawned?
Broomfield. No, he did not.
Q. to Prosecutor. Are you sure you did not deliver the watch for them to pawn it?
Prosecutor. I am sure I did not.
Broomfield. Colnett threw down 36 s. and said, here is the money that I pawned the watch for; the prosecutor said, he wanted his watch, he would not take 36 s. for it.
The prisoners both in their defence said, the prosecutor wanted them to sell his watch, which the prosecutor positively denied.
Colnett called 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hatch 
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Burdet 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Plunket 
               



            , 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ewer 
               



            , and 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Fonseica 
               



            , who said, he was a cooper by trade, and gave him a good character.
Gray called 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Caston 
               



             and Mary Mansfield, who said, he was a currier, and an industrious man.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
