





330. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Tate 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a copper pottage-pot, value 3 s. a pair of linen sheets, value 3 s. and a flat iron, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        Hyde 
                        Hassan 
                     




                   , in a certain lodging room let by contract by the said Hyde to the said William, &c
            . October 20
. ++


                  Ann 
                  Hassan 
               



            . I am wife to Hyde Hassan: we live in Newtoner's-lane


 he died a week before Christmas: I let the prisoner a ready-furnished lodging in the beginning of October last; he was with me but about three weeks; my servant went into his room, about the 20th of October, she came and said she did not see the pottage-pot: I desired her to go and ask for it; she did. He said his wife was going to make some paste to paper a room (he is a paper-hanger
); after that he came into my house for a pint of beer, his wife was sitting on a bench at the door: I asked her for the pot; she said as soon as her husband came home I should have it: I said, your husband is in my house: I came and told him to go and fetch it; he got up and went away, and I never heard any thing of him till I heard he was in New-Prison last Monday. I had broke open the door of his room, and miss'd the things mentioned in the indictment; they were part of the furniture let with the lodging. I went to him last Tuesday, and asked him what he had done with my things; he said he did not know where they were.


                  Mary 
                  Graves 
               



            , her servant, confirmed her evidence.
The prisoner, in his defence, said he absconded on account that the prosecutrix demanded her rent, and not about the things.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
