





231. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Emanuel 
                     Hyam 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver crown, gilt with gold, value 10 l. a tissue cloke, value 3 l. a silk roller, value 12 d. and a silk curtain, with gold fringe, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Solomons 
                  




                
            , widow
, February 24
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Gompertz 
               



            . I am overseer of the poor in our synagogue


. On the 25th of February, in the morning, the clerk came to me, and told me our synagogue had been robbed, on the 24th at night. I went to Goldsmith's-Hall, and had these goods advertised, ten guineas reward. The Friday following, being the 2d of March, Mr. Smithson came to my house with the prisoner, and brought the goods; and told me, that the prisoner was the person that took them out of the synagogue. The prisoner then owned he was locked into the synagogue, and when we were all gone out, he took the things away. (The goods produced in court.) These are the property of Mrs. Hannah Solomons: the clerk brings them on the Friday afternoon, to be used on the Saturday morning, our sabbath.
Mr. Smithson. The prisoner is a Jew; he used to look after my horse: I went to give the horse some corn in the stable; I had sent the prisoner out: I seeing a bag, took it out; there were these things here produced in it; I went and carried the bag, with the things in it, to Mr. Ritherdson's, and ran back to the stable, and met the prisoner. I took him back to the stable, and locked the door, and went home. I had not been at home above ten minutes, before the prisoner came to my house; I said to him, Stay here till I go to Mr. Ritherdon. When I came there, Mr. Ritherdon shot them out, and said, These are the things which the synagogue was robbed of: I said it must be the prisoner that took them; I said he was then at my house: I went to him, and said, Emanuel, what the d - I have you been doing of? he fell a crying. I took him to Mr. Ritherdon, who asked him how he came by them? he said, he got into the synagogue one night; that the door went with a spring lock, so that they within could get out; and they without, could not get in; he let himself out with the things, and nobody was concerned with him, and that nobody persuaded him to do it. I went with the prisoner to Mr. Gompertz's: there he told Mr. Gompertz how he got in and out, all the same as he had told me; and after that, he told it before us and Mr. Gompertz's two sons, that he did it himself, and no other was concerned with him. Though I was in the country all that night, yet I was accused by the Jews as being a party concerned with him: the boy said before my Lord Mayor, that I carried part of the things to the stable; and he produced two men, one said he had seen me five or six times in the synagogue (and I never was there in my life): the prisoner confessed he had sold part of the gold fringe to Mr. Plunk, in Long-acre; and after that, he said I was along with him in Long-acre, and received part of the money.
Mr. Ritherdon. On Friday the 2d of March, between one and two in the day, Mr. Smithson came running into my shop, with a bag in his hand; I having a customer in the shop, could not speak to him, but sent for him presently after; he said to me, Have you locked at these things? I looked at them, and immediately said, these are the things that were taken out of the Jew's synagogue: he said, then the Jew boy that looks after my horse has done it, and he is at my house now; I said, go and fetch him; he did: I told the boy he had done something that I believed would hang him: he said, no; he had broke no lock. I said, was any body concerned with you? he said, no, nobody. I asked him, what could induce him to do it? he said, he could not tell. Mr. Smithson asked him the same questions, and he answered him the same. He said it was the first fact he ever did, and desired I would speak to Mr. Gompertz for him.
Q. Why did the Jews charge Mr. Smithson with it?
Ritherdon. After the prisoner had been with young Mr. Gompertz, Mr. Solomons was very earnest to have the boy go with him; I said to Smithson, you must not let him go out of your sight. Mr. Smithson said to him, What do you want with the boy? his answer was, I'll plump you, and away they went together. Presently after they came back; he came to me in the shop, and said, Mr. Ritherdon, I want to speak with you; the boy says Mr. Smithson is concerned.
Q. Is Mr. Smithson a Jew?
Ritherdon. No, he is not; that Solomons is a Jew; he is son to the clerk of the synagogue.


                  Coleman 
                  Solomons 
               



            . As soon as these things were brought to Mr. Gompertz's, he sent to let me know they were found, and the person that took them. Mr. Gompertz said he was going to carry the prisoner to his father, to know what to do with him; he delivered him to me, and I brought him to the Compter. I said to him, how came you to be guilty of this rash action? he said Mr. Smithson had learned him to do it, and delivered a bit of the ornament to the cloke from his pocket, as we were going along. I said, if any body is concerned with you, you ought to tell it; the boy said the same before my Lord Mayor.
Q. Did you know then that Mr. Smithson had brought it to Mr. Ritherdon.
Solomons. No, I did not. I knew he had brought it to Mr. Gompertz's for the reward.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, but called 
               
                  Peter 
                  Feather 
               



            , who had known him nine years; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Robinson 
               



            , 
               
                  Alice
                   M'Clalin
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Beal 
               



            , 
               
                  Martha 
                  Lilley 
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Carnes 
               



            , who had known him seven or eight years; and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Wilsber 
               



            , between three and four years, who said, they never knew any ill of him.
Q. Is Mr. Plank of Long-acre here?
Ritherdon. He is not. I went to him with Mr. Smithson; he said he never saw him before, to his knowledge.
Court. You should have brought him here.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            . 
