





183 (M) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Matthews 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one fustian coat, value 2 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 6 d. and one linnen wrapper, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Stanford 
                  




                
            , June 5
. +


                  George 
                  Stanford 
               



            . My child went to school near where I work, about 12 o'clock, and called upon me for a halfpenny.
Q. When was this?
Stanford. This was on the 5th of this instant. Whether the prisoner heard him call, I know not, but within about ten or fifteen minutes, his mother came to me with him, without his coat or waistcoat; I went in pursuit of the person that took them, and near Little Turnstile, I was informed where he was. He had the coat, waistcoat and wrapper, that the child wore before him, in his possession when taken.
Q. How came you to meet with him?
Stanford. The time I was in pursuit of such a person, a woman told me he was taken, and at the Three Kings, near Bloomsbury-square. He was carried before justice Welch and committed. My child was carried there, and the cloaths put on him: they are my property.


                  Samuel 
                  Clay 
               



            . On the 5th of June the prisoner was brought to my door, and I had charge given of him; I am a constable.
Q. Who gave you charge of him?
Clay. One Mr. Frogsham did; he said the prisoner had endeavoured to decoy his young son into Devonshire-street, in order to strip him, but he did not make things appear so plain as to warrant me to hold him; he was taken to a publick house, I went to search him, he refused being searched, then I was the more for searching him, and in his great coat pocket I found a sustain coat, a waistcoat, and a brown holland wrapper; I then took him to justice Welch, and the prosecutor came and brought his child without coat or waistcoat; he swore to the cloaths, and they were put on the child. [ The boy was in court with the coat on; the waistcoat and wrapper produced and deposed to. The boy about four or five years of age.]
Q. What did the prisoner say, when the cloaths were found upon him?
Clay. He said they were his sister's child's cloaths, and that he was going somewhere with them, I cannot now recollect where.



                  William 
                  Frogsham 
               



            . On the 5th of June, about 12 o'clock, a neighbour informed me, a dirty sort of a fellow was inticing a little child of mine about the houses, and that if I ran round the corner, I should see him walking along with him; the little boy came from him home, and the fellow, which is the prisoner, waited at the door: I stepp'd into a butcher's shop, where I had an opportunity of seeing them. My boy came out, and they went on together; on the other side of Theobald's-row, he went to make water against the wall, and a woman lifted my boy over the kennel; they went down Devonshire-street, which is near a quarter of a mile from my house. My wife having got scent of it, searing the child might be murdered, came and interfered, and prevented my seeing his intention. The fellow got away, and I pursued him into Red-lion-street, and took him to Mr. 
               
                  Clay
               


             the constable, who said he did not know that he could hold him, without he could find something upon him: I observed a bundle in his pocket. We took him to Mr. Welch's, there the cloaths were taken out of his pocket, which the prosecutor has swore to.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have a sister that has a little boy of her own, and I was coming along Holborn, an old woman had some things in her hand; I asked her the price of them: I said I did not know whether they would fit the little boy or not, but I'll leave you as much money as you think fit, and take them and try them; she was to meet me to know if they fitted, and if they did not, I was to return them. As I was coming back again the gentleman came and examined me, and said I wanted to take some things from his boy, and said I must go along with him. I did, and in an alehouse I shewed them what I had: they took me before the justice, and then to gaol. I was to have met the woman at the Two Brewers the next morning. She plies in Rag-fair.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


