





28. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Hamilton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 3 cloth coats, value 20 s. one pair of breeches, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Walker 
                  




                
            . Oct.22
. ++


                  John 
                  Walker 
               



            . On the 22d of October, the things mentioned were stolen from me; I missed them the next morning. I wrote bills, describing the cloaths, and dispersed them to the pawnbrokers, by which means the prisoner was apprehended, and taken before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            . Sir John sent for me; I was not at home, my wife went. She came and told me there were strong marks of guilt on the person taken up, and that I must attend, which I did. I heard the prisoner confess he had pawned the things mentioned at two different pawnbrokers, Mr. Waltam and Mr. Scriven, where they were found.


                  James 
                  Waltam 
               



            . On the 26th of October, the prisoner pledged two coats with me, in the name of Johnson, about 11 o'clock in the day time.


                  James 
                  Jommet 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Scriven; the prisoner pawned a coat and a pair of everlasting breeches with me, on the 22d of Oct. (the goods produced and deposed to).
Prisoner's Defence.
Johnson asked me to go along with him, which I did, not with intent to do any thing bad: he said he was going to see a lady, but he knew she was not at home. I happened to be a little in liquor, and staid while he brought the things. I am the man that pawn'd them, I confess: I have been lately discharged from a man of war. I was a midshipman.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
