






2, 3. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lally 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Frazier 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 20 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 7 s. and one pair of cloth breeches, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wyatt 
                  




                
            , Oct. 20
. *


                  Lion 
                  Levi 
               



            . I live in Rosemary-lane, journeyman to Mr. Philips, a salesman. On the day before last sessions, the two prisoners brought a coat, waistcoat, and breeches, and sold them for 30 s. Lally said they were his property, and put the coat on, and it fitted him. On the next day, came the prosecutor Wyatt, and Frazier with him; they were delivered to the prosecutor. Frazier said, he put the waistcoat on at Mr. Blackwood's office, in St. Mildred's Court, and went out with that, and that Lally took away the coat and breeches; that they had them from under the pillow where the prosecutor lay, as they all lay in one room together, being to go to the East-Indies in the company's service. Wyatt swore before the justice the cloaths were his property.


                  John 
                  Newton 
               



            . I am an officer, Lally was brought to me at the watch-house, for knocking a man down in the street, and robbing him of his hat and wig, and a 5 d and 3 d. piece, between 11 and 12 at night. In the morning, I took him to the justices, at the Angel and Crown, Whitechapel: there came the prosecutor, Levi, and others, with the cloaths; there was Frazier in the room, I took him into custody. I took him aside, and examined him. He said, he did not steal all the things, he only took the waistcoat, and that Lally took the rest, and they had sold them to one Philips, in Rosemary-lane, for 30 s. and he had 10 s. of the money, and Lally kept the other 20. I examined Lally, they both of them owned the cloaths were the property of Wyatt. Lally owned he had 20 s. of the money, but said he brought away from Mr. Blackwood's only the coat.


                  Solomon 
                  Samuel 
               



            , another journeyman to Mr. Philips, confirmed the account given by Levi.
The prosecutor is gone on board, and failed for the East Indies, by all account I can get.
Lally's Defence.
The owner of the cloaths gave us them out of Mr Blackwood's house, to make money on. We went and sold them for 30 s. We had not come a quarter of a mile from the house, before we were knocked down, and all the money taken from us, and when Wyatt came for the money, we went back with him to where we had sold the cloaths.
Frazier's defence to the same purport.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
