





568. (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Pinchin , otherwise 
White, otherwise 
Painter




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linen apron, value 6 d. three linen pockets, value 6 d. three iron keys, value 2 d. one iron hammer, value one penny, and 33 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hogg 
                  




                
            , September 18
. ||


                  Mary 
                  Hogg 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Hogg 
               



            ; I had been out to sell some pease and beans; the man that drove the cart for me, left me at Bow: I was forc'd to get another person to drive the cart home; The prisoner came and said he would work for me; he went and sat down; I desired him to go home. and I would go and get a fresh sack of pease, and put them on the top, and so sell them on the morrow: he would not go till he had had a sleep in my arm chair; I told him my husband was coming home; and he knew my husband did not like him: he then swore by his eyes he would not go without a dram; I took my pocket-apron from under my child's head, and took out some money to send my nurse for a dram; then he said he would go home. I said, if you have a mind to come to work in the morning, do: I got up, and began to look for my pocket, and found it was gone: there was in the pocket thirty-four shillings; I went to his house, and asked him for it; and said, if he had spent a crown of it. I would past that by: then he swore he had been in bed with me two hours, and would not give me my apron, not any thing else. The constable would not take charge of him: I got a warrant and took him up two days after.


                  Mary 
                  Carnon 
               



            . The prisoner came into my house yesterday was a month, and asked for a pint of beer, between ten and eleven in the evening, on a Tuesday night; he gave me a six-pence to change; he went round to the corner of the box, and picked out a white pocket-apron, and untwisted it, and turned out a quantity of silver, and three keys: he did not say now he came by it.
Q. Where do you live?
M. Carnon. I live in Featherstone-street, Bunhill-row.
Q. to prosecutrix. What day did you lose your pocket-apron?
Prosecutrix. On the 18th day of September, on a Tuesday night; I had three keys in my pocket, and a hammer.


                  John 
                  Salmon 
               



            . I was drinking a pint of beer at Mrs. Carnon's; the prisoner came in with a pocket apron, and turned all the money out on the table: I heard the money rattle, and there was a quantity of silver and half pence: I was at a distance, and did not observe any keys: the apron was a white one.
Prosecutrix. Here is the fellow to it. (Producing a white one).


                  George 
                  Bulmore 
               



            . I am a constable. I had the prisoner in custody; coming back from the magistrate, he owned he took the money.
Q. Did he say how he took it?
Bulmore. No, he did not.
Q. Did he say how much?
Bulmore. No, he did not: he owned he had the money that she accused him with.
Q. How came he to tell you that?
Bulmore. That came in discourse: there was some wrangling with them; he said, he had laid with her, and afterwards he denied it
Q. Did he say he had it on that account?
Bulmore. No, he did not pretend to say that.
Prisoner's Defence.
I worked for her a year and a half; this very coat I have on, she bought, unknown to her husband, and he is jealous of me, and she wants to swear my life away.
Prosecutrix. That is all false. I never bought a coat for him: he has been the occasion of my husband using me very ill.
Bulmore. Hearing of those wrangles, I enquired the woman's character in the neighbourhood, and was informed she has a very good one; this I heard no longer than yesterday; and I heard the prisoner say afterwards, that she never bought him any cloaths.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried before, No. 415. in Alderman Bethell's mayoralty.
