





511. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Knight 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. one steel watch-chain, value 1 s. and one seal, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Appleton 
                        




                      
                  , privately from the person of the said John
            , July 23
. ++


                  John 
                  Appleton 
               



            . I live in Great Bell alley in Coleman-street; on the 23d of July, about two in the morning, I was coming home from spending the evening with some friends in Lawrence-lane; when I got out at the door I found I had lost my legs pretty much, I staggered very much; when I got into Coleman-street


 I saw the watchman on his stand by our corner; I saw two women within about three doors of mine, the prisoner was one, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Brown 
               



             the other; she accosted me in this manner, Sir, I will see you home; in answer to that I said, d - n you, I am at home, I want none of your assistance; said she, but, Sir, you will fall down, let me take hold of your arm; accordingly she did, I was then within about three doors of my own; when I came to my door I had the key in my pocket, I took it out, and unlocked the door; when I had done that, I could not get from her, without coming round her; there is a balluster that faces the street-door that goes up the stairs, she propped me up against them; my wife was awake in bed up one pair of stairs, and had left the chamber-door open for my coming in; she not hearing me shut the door, imagined I was a little overtaken in liquor, and that some neighbour had come to see me home; she clapped on her petticoats to see who it was; she called, who is there; I said, I do not know, it is some d - d whore, I do not know who; the prisoner's companion, who is here an evidence, stood on the outside the door; she seeing my wife, made off immediately; my wife came down, and clapped her hand on the prisoner's shoulder, then she ran off; I then put my hand to my pocket, and said, d - n the b - h, she has got my watch; my wife said, do not go after her, you will fall down; I ran, but had not ran above five or six yards before I fell down, and hurt my hand and my nose; in the morning when I got up, I told the constable of the affair, I said there was no soul in the alley but the two women, and who they were I could not tell; I said, if you enquire of the watchman at the corner, he saw me cross the way, may be he may know the women; the constable took the prisoner on the Sunday, I knew her face again, having seen her before in this place.

Q. Are you sure you had your watch about you at the time?
Appleton. I took it out of my pocket just before I came out of the house in Lawrence-lane, it was then just two o'clock; I put it in again, and no body came near me; as I came along all was still and quiet, till I saw these two women; I did not feel when it went from me, I cannot judge at what particular moment it was taken.


                  Mary 
                  Brown 
               



            . I was once in trouble with the prisoner at the bar; that night I was going down the Old Jewry, the prisoner turned down the same; I asked her where she lived; she said, in Tenter-alley; she asked me if I was going home; I said, yes; she said, cannot you go my way; in going a little about, we came down Coleman-street together, we saw this gentleman cross the way to Bell-alley, I believe it was then betwixt one and two o'clock, he was a little in liquor; she said, there is a gentleman, I will go after him; she went after him, and said, come, Polly, will you follow me, which I did; she took hold of him, and said, shall I go in with you; what answer he made I cannot tell, I was at a distance; he put his hand to his right-hand pocket, and unlocked the door, and went in, and she after him; I went and stood at the door; I heard the gentleman's spouse call from the top of the stairs, and say, my dear, you are in liquor I believe; I cannot say what he said in answer; in some minutes after the gentlewoman came down, and catched hold of the prisoner; she cried out, and ran away.
Appleton. I believe she cried out murder.
M. Brown. Then I ran away, I was making off towards my own house, the prisoner came after me, and said, take hold; I said, of what, I perceived it was a watch.
Q. Where did she overtake you?
M. Brown. I ran first, she overtook me a little before I came to Little Bell-alley, I refused taking it several times; at last she gave it into my hand, I told her I was frighted; she said, take it, and go off; I took it; she bid me take it home to my room, I gave it to her directly.
Q. Was there a chain to it?
M. Brown. I do not know whether there was or not, it was a large watch; she asked me where I lived; I told her at Mr. Simpkins's, in Three Tun alley; we parted, she came to me in my room at nine that morning, and asked me if I knew where to pawn or sell the watch; she had it with her then; I said, I did not know where; she said, if I did not know she did, and went away, and took the watch with her: between five and six o'clock that evening, knowing me to be low in the world, she took me with her, and left me at an acquaintance's house in Whitechapel for above three hours before ever I saw her; when she came she said, never be dead-hearted, for I will give you something to make you recompence, because I have known you a great while; she gave me 5 s. of the money, but she took some of it back again; we had some liquor, I had about 4 s. 6 d.
Q. How long have you and she known one another?
M. Brown. I have known her a great while in the streets, for five or six years.
Q. Did you see her take the watch?
M. Brown. No, I did not.


                  Ralph 
                  Watson 
               



            . I live in Mansfield-street, Goodman's-fields, I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner at the bar came on the 23d of July, between twelve and one, and pledged this watch with me (producing a large silver watch)
Appleton. This is my watch which I lost that night, I have had it years, it was my father's before me.
Watson. My wife and I were sitting behind the counter, she asked a guinea upon it; she said it was her husband's, we let her have a guinea upon it.
Q. Did you know her before?
Watson. I might have seen her backwards and forwards in the streets before.
Q. to Brown. What did the prisoner give you that money for?
M. Brown. Because I was in distress, and I had relieved her when she has been in trouble.


                  Alexander 
                  Melvil 
               



            . I am the constable, as soon as I had found the two prisoners they were in the Round house; the evidence passed one of my watchmen, he knowing her we took her in custody, and she gave information of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Knight 
               



             the prisoner; when I went into her room, she asked me what I wanted, she was going out; I told her I came to prevent her journey; she said she had a watch, and had pawned it for a guinea, but did not know whose it was; she said the prosecutor should have it, if he would make it appear it was his property; I took her to my house, and sent for Mr. Appleton; when he came I told him there were two prisoners that had told me of the watch, and I believed he might have it again; upon which he said, if he had it again, he did not want to prosecute, but as it was an old family watch he did not chuse to lose it.

Prisoner's defence.
I did pick up this gentleman, and I went into the house with him; the woman tore my handkerchief and hat off, and when I got out at the door she threw them after me; I stooped to pick them up, and said to the young woman at the door, hold my hat while I put my handkerchief on; after that I put my hat on; I kicked the gentleman's watch before me, and broke the glass; I stooped and picked it up; I got a glass, and went and pawned it for a guinea; I have used that pawnbroker's house these seven years, I no more robbed the gentleman of his watch than the child unborn.
Appleton. The prisoner owned she picked my pocket of it at Mr. Melvil's the constable, and said she hoped I would forgive her, and not prosecute her, and I should have the watch again, and she would go down on her knees.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
See her tried by the name of Mary Cluse, No 98, in Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Kite 
               



            's Mayoralty; and by the name of Mary Knight, No 169, in this Mayoralty.
