





359. (L) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Moody 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he on the 20th of June
, about the hour of two in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Bigge 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing two flat irons, value 12 d. a towel, value 12 d. a linen handkerchief; value 6 d. a cloaths-brush, value 1 d. and three pounds of veal, the property of the said Robert
            . ||


                  Robert 
                  Bigge 
               



            . On Friday the 20th of June I removed from Five-bell-alley, Little Moorfields, into Grub-street


; in the hurry of removing, I had intermixed my things very promiscuously together; at night I thought I had got them all safe into my house in Grub-street; we went to bed, and soon after two o'clock on the Saturday morning I was alarmed by the calling of several voices in the street, that my house was broke open, and I was robbed, and the prisoner taken. I came down as soon as I conveniently could, and found the prisoner at the bar in custody of a watchman.
Q. Who locked the door?
Bigge. The street-door was safely locked; the back-door was bolted with two bolts; there was a window-shutter, that I fear was not properly secured; the sash-window was down; the watchman told me he had catched the prisoner with the greatest part of his body in at that window, and had pulled him out by his legs; he shewed me a handkerchief, in which were tied up two flat irons, a round towel, a piece of veal, and a piece of bread; they were tied up in the handkerchief, and safe in my house before I went to bed, which was a little after eleven o'clock, which he said he found upon the prisoner.



                  Thomas 
                  Yates 
               



            . I am a watchman; about one o'clock the prisoner, another man, and a woman, came by me; they said nothing to me, nor I to them: they went up the street and were gone about half an hour; then I saw the other man and woman come from the prisoner; soon after that, I heard something fall, which I take to be the flat irons. I went and saw the prisoner on the opposite side the way to Mr. Bigge's house; I saw him look at the handkerchief which he had in his hand; he set it down by the side of the house, and crossed the way, and went directly in at Mr. Bigge's parlour-window; I went and took hold of his feet, and pulled him out; he was all in but one foot: I said, what business have you here, and whether he belonged to the house: he said he was doing no harm; when he was out, he struggl ed very hard to get away; but I held him fast till assistance came. A man looked out at a window at the next house when he heard us, and said, hold him fast, I will be with you presently. He came down; I desired him to get a cord, which he did, and I tied the prisoner's hands behind him; then I knocked at the door for the gentleman of the house, he came down; I showed him the handkerchief and things in it; (the things mentioned in the indictment, except the veal, produced in court.)


                  John 
                  Barton 
               



            . About half an hour after two that morning, the watchman called for assistance; I looked out, and saw him have hold of a man's legs at the window; the prisoner began to be resolute; I got a cord, and we tied him round one hand; he offered to hit me on the face; then I flung up his heels, and tied his other hand, and brought him, like a person going to the gallows. Mr. Bigge came down, and owned the handkerchief, and things in it; in the mean time, the brush dropped out of the prisoner's bosom; when we came to the watch-house the prisoner said, the other man that had been with him, whom he called Murphy, and his wife, were the two people that enticed him to do it, and they left him in it; this he said also before Mr. Alderman Cockayne.


                  Mary 
                  Bigge 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; that morning I came down to the door, the watchman, or somebody else, shewed me the handkerchief and things; I know them to be mine; one of the flat irons has a remarkable hole at one and, by which I can with safety swear to it; the other things I know to be our property.
Prisoner's defence.
I came home from my daily labour at nine o'clock; I went to a house in Little Moorfields, and from thence I was coming up Grub street about two o'clock; I saw this place open, I hallooed out to tell the people the house was open; a young fellow and I went down the street, and came up again; it was still open; after that the watchman came and took me to the watch-house, and after that two men brought a handkerchief, and meat, and bread there; I never put my hand upon any thing.
To his character.


                  Thomas 
                  Milbourn 
               



            . I have known the prisoner four or five years; I keep a public-house in Grub-street; he has lately lodged in my house; I never heard any harm of him till this; he was apprentice to a cabinet-maker.


                  John 
                  Russel 
               



            . I have known him about sixteen or eighteen months, I used to mend his shoes for him, I never knew any ill of him.


                  Peter 
                  Box 
               



            . I have known him a year and a half; he lodged at my daughter's in Little Moorfields, he behaved just and honest there.


                  Joseph 
                  Hooper 
               



            . I have known him about six years; I employed him, I alway looked upon him as an honest man.




               Guilty of stealing the goods
            . 


               T
            .
