






582, 583. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hooper 
                  



                
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 18 linen handkerchiefs, value 30 s. 18 silk handkerchiefs, value 40 s. 1 silk cardinal, 8 caps, a child's blanket, a child's barrow, 4 yards of gauze, a gauze handkerchief, 4 silk caps, one velvet cap, 12 pair of gloves, 3 pair of leather clogs, 8 linen stocks, 9 fans, 100 yards of ribbon, 30 yards of lace, a child's stay, a silk stomacher, and several other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Clark 
                  



                
            , widow
; and 
               
                  Eleanor, wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Axtell 
                     







            , for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , September 12

. ||


                  Elizabeth 
                  Clark 
               



            . I live in Great Turnstile, Holborn



; I am a millener
; Hooper was in the capacity of a servant
 to me, about fourteen weeks; she was recommended by her brother, who is gone to sea; my daughter being ill, I went into the country about three months; my servant that I had left with Hooper, was ill while I was gone; when I returned, she said she had much to tell me, that Mrs. Hooper had been robbing me of a great many things: I had her box searched, and found a great many of my things there, I found she had taken something of almost every thing in my shop: she confessed she had sold things to Mrs. Axtell; she owned she had bought many things of Hooper, and all she had by her were delivered up.

Mr. Marsden, clerk to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , proved the confession of Hooper, taken the 15th of September, before Justice Spinage; wherein was mentioned her taking abundance of things, and selling them at several times to Axtell. The prosecutrix, on her cross examination, said, she did agree before the Justice, that Axtell should be admitted an evidence against Hooper; and that she was bound over accordingly to give evidence; that she acted open, and delivered up all she had by her, and offered to make satisfaction for what she had parted with; that she made it appear before the Justice, that Hooper had imposed upon her, by telling her she had a sister died at Portsmouth, that was a millener, who had lost her the things.
Hooper 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Axtell 

               Acquitted
            .
