





636. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Roe 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a looking-glass, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Wright 
                  




               
            , Sept. 22
. +


                  Stephen 
                  Wright 
               



            . I live at the King's Head in the Poultry


. On the 22d of September, about seven in the evening, a gentleman came and asked me if I had lost a pier-glass, he had seen some boys with one, and thought they went out of the passage; we went out, but could not find them: soon after I heard there was a boy gone to the Compter; I missed a glass which was not fastened with a screw, but hung up in a room.


                  Charles 
                  Sinclare 
               



            . On the 22d of September before eight o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner with two other boys in Cannon-street, he had a pier-glass, I thought they had stole it; 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Horsey 
               



             went and asked him how he came by it; he threw it down and broke the glass to pieces; I took hold of him and delivered him to a constable, and he was committed to the Compter.


                  Samuel 
                  Horsey 
               



             gave the same evidence as Sinclare did.


                  Richard 
                  Howard 
               



            . I was servant at the King's Head, (the frame of the glass produced in court,) I know this to be Mr. Wright's property.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming along Cannon-street, I heard the cry stop thief, and a gentleman laid hold of me, and took me away to the Compter; I go about the streets with greens with a jack-ass.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
