






459, 460. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Moody 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dunn 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a watch, made of yellow metal, value 40 s.
             the property of a person unknown, May 30
. ++

- Magennis. We had a search warrant under the hand of Mr. Welch, to apprehend all vagrants. About twelve or one o'clock at night, we met a man in Church-lane, with a soldier's hat and coat *; the next morning, when we brought what prisoners we had got, to Mr. Welch's office; we found the two prisoners had been in company with Etridge and one Husk: Mr. Welch examined Etridge, who told us where to find the prisoners: I was ordered, with others, to go and see for them. About six in the evening, I met with Husk and Dunn together; I said, there is a young led in the round-house, pray take a walk and see him; I got them there, and ordered the keeper to secure them: then Husk, when before Mr. Welch, said they were in company together, and they robbed a gentleman of a yellow watch: Moody could not be found, but was taken at last in Tottenham-court-road: Husk told me I should find the watch in a cellar, in Monmouth-street; Mr. Welch sent me there, and the woman brought it to the justices.
* See trial of Etridge, No. 445.


                  Christopher 
                  Husk 
               



            . I and Dunn were going down the Haymarket, between eleven and twelve, on a Sunday night; we met with Moody; he came along with us down Jermyn-street; we overtook a gentleman in the Strand; he asked us the way to Berkley-square; I laid hold on one of his arms, and Dunn on the other, and Moody took his watch and ran away with it; and we followed him: then we went about the Strand till Monday morning nine o'clock; then Moody went into a cellar in Monmouth-street to sell it; he left it there in pawn for 12 s. we shared the money, 4 s. each. Moody was a school-fellow of mine; and I got acquainted with Dunn by seeing him at play in St. Giles's, when I came from school: I am seventeen years old


                  Lucy 
                  Variot 
               



            . I sell old cloaths in a cellar in Monmouth-street: a customer that was in my shop lent Moody 12 s. upon it; he came with it between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, and offered to sell it me: It was a yellow watch: I don't know who that person was; he left word where he was to be found, in Earl-street, near the Seven Dials. When the evidence came for it, I sent my child, about eleven years old, for it; he gave it her, and I delivered it.
Moody's Defence.
Dunn, Husk, and I, came through the park; we came up James-street, and into Jermyn-street; we crossed the way to see what was the matter; there was a mob; I saw something; I stooped, and found it was a watch; I took it up; said Husk, let's look at it; I gave it him in his hand; we were so late we were forced to be out all night: the next morning I came down Monmouth-street; by a cellar window I asked the woman if she would buy it; she said, she had no money: a friend of hers was by; he lent me 12 s. upon it.
Dunn's Defence.
I came along with Moody, and saw him pick up this watch.
Both 

               Guilty
            , 



               T
            .
