





238. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Pierce 
                     Dempsay 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that he, by false pretences, did obtain 3 s. 6 d. into his custody, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cheshire 
                        




                      
                  , with intent to cheat and defraud him of the same
            , July 8
. ++


                  Wm 
                  Priest 
               



            . I am clerk to the court of request; the prisoner came to me on the 8th of July, and demanded money in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Cheshire 
               



            ; he told me that was his name; I told him there was 2 s. paid into court.
Q. What was the whole debt?
Priest. That was 37 s. he made his mark to a receipt I wrote in the book, and he took the money out, he had 3 s. 6 d. which were 2 payments. 
               
                  John 
                  Cheshire 
               



             came afterwards and desir'd to have the money out. I told him I had deliver'd out 2 payments; he said, he never receiv'd any out of the court; then we found the prisoner out, and he acknowledg'd he had received it of me; and I also knew him again.


                  John 
                  Cheshire 
               



            . I had a demand upon one 
               
                  William 
                  London 
               



             for 1 l. 17 s. 5 d. he was to pay the debt in at so much per week, but I never receiv'd any. I am acquainted very well with the prisoner, he is a near neighbour to me; he must come at the knowledge of this by my mother's speaking of it, for I had not told him.
Prisoner's Defence.
His mother sent me for it.
Prosecutor. I am certain she never did.
Priest. The prisoner did not say he came from 
               
                  John 
                  Cheshire 
               



            , he said that was his name.
For the prisoner.


                  Rachael 
                  Bulger 
               



            . I have known him 14 years; he is a shoemaker, and lives by his labour, I never knew any ill of him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


