





116. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Giles 
                     Bishop 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four yards of woollen cloth, value 3 l. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     More 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Theyer 
                  Townsend 
               



             , January 11
. ||


                  John 
                  Williams 
               



            . I live with Mr. Cotton, a packer in Aldermanbury; Messrs. More and Townsend are partners, and factors; they attend Blackwell-hall


, where the cloth is exposed to sale; they have had three pieces of cloth cut within six or seven weeks; four yards from two pieces, and three yards and a half from one: I was hid in a pile of cloth, in the Hall on Thursday last; we having missed a whole piece from the rest, I was to watch to see if this piece would come back again; I saw the prisoner bring the piece in from his own stand, where he used to attend about half an hour after three o'clock; that is another stand in the Hall: the prisoner was the first person that came in after the Hall-keeper had opened the door; he put the piece down to Messrs. More and Townsend's stand: the Hall is opened at ten in the morning, and shut at twelve, and opened again at three, and shut at five: I was there a quarter before three; the Hall-keeper let me in on purpose. I got out, and sent a person for Mr. Webb; when he came, I took the prisoner by the coat, and asked him, what cloth that was he put to More and Townsend's stand? he said he put none there; I said he did, I saw him; he said, you was not there; I said I was; he said he did not see me; I said, no, he did not; I was hid in a pile: we charged the constable with him in the Hall; there was none cut from that piece; when he was charged with cutting pieces, he denied it at first: but he confessed he cut all the three pieces, after he was in the Compter, while I went into Coleman-street.
Jermine Gibson. I heard the prisoner confess in the Compter, that his fellow-apprentice and he were concerned together in cutting the cloth; I went and got a constable immediately, and took up his fellow-apprentice; he is now in the Compter.


                  Joseph 
                  Cotton 
               



            . I am trusted with a deal of cloth of Messrs. More and Townsend in Blackwell-hall. There has been three cloths cut within six or seven weeks; I suspected the prisoner a long time. I hid my man in a Pile on purpose, by which means the prisoner was discovered: the prisoner has confessed, and given it me in his own hand-writing, that he cut three pieces of More and Townsend's; for which hundreds of people have been taken up in the country, and carried before the magistrates. He owned he cut four yards from two of them, and three from one piece; he said he was sorry he ever meddled with any thing that I was concerned with; I always found him out too soon.
Theyer Townsend. I am in partnership with Mr. More: (he produced the pieces which the four yards was cut from, and the pieces; they corresponded exactly). I heard the prisoner confess, he took and cut the pieces, and sold the pieces to one Bulcock, piecebroker, without Temple-bar, behind St. Clement's Church. We took a warrant to search his house, and secure him: we found these four yards here produced, which he owned he bought at eight shillings.
Cotton. The prisoner owned he sold all that he cut from our cloth to this Bulcock, who is now in Newgate.
Prisoner's Defence.
I cut no cloth but this last; as to the other, they extorted a confession from me after they got me fuddled.
Townsend. He was quite sober when he made this confession.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
