






485. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Pool 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a gold watch, value 5 l. and a gold chain, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Ferguson 
                  




                
            , April 6
. *


                  Henry 
                  Ferguson 
               



            . I am a sheriff's officer
. The prisoner was a prisoner in my house, in Stanhope-street, Clare market


, in April last, at which time I, lost a gold watch, and gold chain from out of my parlour: the prisoner had been at my house about three weeks, at the suit of one Mr. Hill. I advertised a reward for the watch: some time after, I was sent for to Mr. Wytick's, a watch-maker, at Charing cross, where was the prisoner and the watch; I found he had carried it to pawn, and was stopped with it. I asked him how he came by it, and he said, he took it out of necessity.
Q. from Prisoner. Whether he did not agree to take 25 guineas to make it up, and go after my brother for that purpose?
Ferguson. I did by his desire go and tell his brother that he was in trouble, but I did not agree about any such thing: he offered me no money, neither had he any to give; his brother begged I would not prosecute him to the uttermost; I said, I did not want to hang him.
Q. from Prisoner. Whether the prosecutor has not received a sum of money from my wife's grandfather to carry on this prosecution.
Ferguson. No, I have not. I know none of his relations but his brother.
Q. from Prisoner. Whether at this time he has not some expectations from my wife's relations for carrying on this prosecution?
Ferguson. No, I have not.


                  George 
                  Curtoes 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Hounsditch: the prisoner at the bar brought this gold watch to me to pawn, on the 25th of July; (Producing it. Deposed to by Prosecutor.) it was in a shagreen case, and he asked ten guineas upon it. I asked him if it was his own? he said, it was. I looked into a book that I keep for advertised watches lost; there I saw it advertised, and the reward to be paid by Mr. Wytick, a watchmaker, at Charing cross. I asked the prisoner who he bought the watch of? he said, he bought it of a Jew, for twelve guineas. I said, that watch is lost, and I shall stop you and the watch too: then I took him to Mr. Wytick's, and Mr. Ferguson was sent for, who owned the watch, and Mr. Wytick said he made it for Mr. Ferguson.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Ferguson 
               



            . This is my watch which I used to wear; I am wife to the prosecutor: when it was missing, the prisoner told me nobody could have it, but another prisoner that was at our house, or his wife: he was very officious, and drew up the advertisement and the bill to go to Goldsmith's hall; the chain cost nine guineas, and he has owned he sold that in the street to a Jew, for about 38 s. I asked him, where he hid the watch, while he was at our house? he said, he had it in a pocket in his breeches.
Prisoner's Defence.
The prosecutor knows very well, that this prosecution is at the sole expence of my wife's grandfather. It is some time since I married a young lady, against the inclination of her parents: soon after I was married, they took every method to get me separated from her: I was soon arrested, and put into custody: after they could not prevail upon her to leave me, they pretended friendship, I thought, with intention to be reconciled. They got her home, and then sent for part of her goods; she told me, it was their intention to part us; they have offered to send her to France; I well know the influence of her relations: I told my friends of it, and they advised me to decline and leave it: my being carried to the prosecutor's house, was owing to the cruelty of my wife's relations. She had learned music, and there was a harpsichord brought: after that, a bill was brought to me, by order of her friends, to pay for all, for which I was arrested.
Q. to Prosecutor. When did the prisoner get released out of custody?
Prosecutor. He went to the King's Bench, I believe, about a week or ten days after the watch was lost: he soon got released out of the King's Bench.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Prosecutor. He has been a lieutenant in the sea-service
.
Prisoner. I am a Buckinghamshire man
.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
