





83. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lewin 
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 16 pounds weight of coach nails, value 1 s. three coach-shackles, value 2 s. two brass hinges for coach doors, value 6 d. and two iron bolts, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Johnson 
                  




                
            , January 31
. +


                  William 
                  Johnson 
               



            . The prisoner is a neighbour's child of mine.
Q. How old is he?
Johnson. Not quite 15 years old. I keep several coaches to let out; there was a door left unlocked where my corn and things lie. I went up into that room on the 31st of January, and found the prisoner in the room, with some nails in his pocket; I looked about, and missed some bolts; I took him before justice Welch, and there he confessed he had taken things before, and sold them at a shop on Saffron-hill. I took out a search warrant, and went there, and found some goods, my property, which he had sold there. There were three shackles, two iron bolts, and some brass hinges to a coach door.
Q. What is the woman's name where he sold them?
Johnson. Her name is Darling. [The goods mentioned, produced in court and deposed to.]


                  Sarah 
                  Charlton 
               



            . I am daughter to Mrs. Darling, the boy brought those things to sell, and my mistress was out of the way, and I bought them of him; she keeps a cloaths shop, and buys such things.
Prisoner. Her mistress was at home.
Q. What time of the day did you buy them?
Charlton. At about eleven o'clock in the day, three weeks ago; he said he came honestly by them.
Prisoner. She paid me, and asked me if I should bring any more; I said, I believed I should; she said, I should have a penny a pound for them, and her mother paid me for them.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


