





440. (M.) 
               
                  William 
                  Angels 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Farler 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , July 6
. ++
The prosecutor being a foreigner, an interpreter was sworn.


                  Henry 
                  Farler 
               



            . I am a journeyman taylor
, and lodge in Fleet-street; I went to St. James's in order to see his Majesty to go to the chapel royal; I was in a crowd just turning out of St. James's house


, a little after eleven o'clock, on the 6th of July, I lost my watch; I know not who took it, I think I saw the prisoner there at the time, but cannot swear positively; I advertised it, and a pawnbroker brought it to Justice Fielding's.


                  Thomas 
                  Burch 
               



             I am a pawnbroker, and live in Fox-court; on Monday morning the 7th of July, the prisoner brought this watch to me; I asked him if it was his own property, and by his behaviour I had no reason to doubt it; I lent him two guineas upon it; after that I read the Advertiser, the advertisement mentioned a green ribbon, but this is a white one, every thing else answers; I immediately went with it to Justice Fielding, and told him of it; he asked me if I knew the man, or if I had ever dealt with him before; I said I had not, but I should know him again: he was taken, and I saw him before Justice Girdler, and knew him again (the watch produced in court and deposed to by prosecutor.) When he brought it, I asked him where he lived; he said in Gray's-inn-lane; I mentioned that to Sir John, and I was told he was taken at the Queen's-head, very near Gray's-inn-lane.


                  Michael 
                  Ross 
               



            , the interpreter. I made the watch for the prosecutor, and delivered it to him the Saturday before it was lost, I know it to be his property.
Prisoner's defence.
This watch I bought of a man at the Castle in Castle-yard, Holbourn, on Sunday evening between six and seven o'clock, the 6th of July; he said he was an ostler, and his father or mother was sick, and he was going down into the country, and must dispose of it for want of money; there was an acquaintance of mine in the room, he looked at it, and asked what the man asked for it; he said three guineas and an half; I had two guineas and an half of my own, and a guinea I borrowed of a friend; he wanting his guinea, I pawned it on the Monday morning for two guineas, in order to pay him again; I have my father's maid here, to prove I was in bed in my own house, I keep a house at the back of Baldwin's-gardens.
For the prisoner.
Mary Green. The prisoner is a shoemaker
, he keeps a house on the corner of Baldwin's square. I am his mother's servant, she lives in Church-entry, Harp alley, by Fleet-ditch; I carried a bundle of linen to his house on Sunday the sixth of July, at near eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner in bed; I waited for his going with me; he went with me to his father's betwixt one and two, so that I saw him that day from eleven o'clock till after one.
Q. to Burch. What day was the prisoner taken up?
Burch. He was taken up the 9th of July.
Q. to Green. When did you hear of his being taken up?
M. Green. I heard of his being taken up on the Thursday; I saw his mother in great grief before, and she would not tell me what was the matter.
Q. Was you sent for to Justice Girdler's?
M. Green. I was there.
Q. Did you tell the Justice that you saw him in bed the Sunday before at eleven o'clock?
M. Green. I did.
Q. Did you ever go to the Justice's at all?
M. Green. No answer.
Q. Where is the Justice's house?
M. Green. - I can't tell the exact spot of ground where his house is.
Q. Was you ever at his house?
M. Green. - I don't know.
Q. Then how came you tell me what you have now?
M. Green. No answer.
Q. Did you tell the Justice this story?
M. Green. - I don't know.
Q. How long have you lived with the prisoner's mother?
M. Green. About two years.
Q. On what account did you go to the prisoner's house?
M. Green. We washed the prisoner's cloaths, by reason the washerwoman was taken sick.
Q. Is he a married man?

M. Green. He has been married about six months.
Court. Now you can answer these two or three last questions, the jury cannot but take notice of your behaviour on some former questions.
Q. Did the prisoner dine that Sunday at his father's?
M. Green. He did; I don't know but he drank tea, for I was out at the time.
Q. Now tell me again whether you know Justice Girdler?
M. Green. - I cannot say whether I rightly know the gentleman.
Q. Do, or do you not know him?
M. Green. - I can't say I know him.
Q. Was you ever sent for to go to him?
M. Green. - His mother did not send for me till she could not help it.
Q. When did she break it out to you?
M. Green. I believe that was on the Thursday.
Q. Now tell me, and tell me the truth, did you ever go to Justice Girdler?
M. Green. I never did. - I went before a parcel of gentlemen, but I don't know whether it was Justice Girdler.
Q. When?
M. Green. - It was on Thursday.
Q. To what place?
M. Green. No answer.


                  William 
                  Angess 
               



            . I live in Harp-alley, I am the prisoner's father; he dined with me on Sunday the 6th of July, he came before twelve o'clock.
Q. Was you at home?
W. Angess. I was, and he was with me till five in the afternoon; I did not know of his being taken up till the Thursday; he was in Clerkenwell-bridewell when I had the first account of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Marry 
               



            . I am a writer to Mr. Parkinson, for attornies; I was in company with the prisoner that Sunday evening, I believe it was between seven and eight o'clock; I met him in Holbourn, and we went to drink together at the Castle in Castle-yard; we had been some time in the house, and there came in a young-fellow and sat down in the same box; after some time, he told us he had spent some money that he ought not to have done; he shewed me a letter, he was going to his father in the country, his father was sick; he shewed us a watch, and Mr. Angess looked at it, the young man offered it to sell; Mr. Angess asked him what the watch cost him; he said it cost five guineas, but he would sell it for four: Mr. Angess bid him three and a half; he put his hand in his pocket, and had but two guineas and a half; he asked me to lend him a guinea; I said I could, but I should want it again; I lent it him: he said there was some money owing him, and he would pay me the guinea on the Monday morning. I called upon him on the Monday morning, I believe about seven or eight o'clock; he was then in bed; he told me to call in about a couple of hours, and he would let me have the guinea; I called again about nine, or between nine and ten, and he gave me the guinea; he said he had pawned the watch.
Q. Did he tell you where he pawned it?
Murry. No, he did not. (A messenger is sent for Mr. Parkinson.)
Mr. Roberts. I am a shoemaker; I have known the prisoner about five or six years, he worked at his business for me.
Q. Do you know whether he has followed his business?
Roberts. I know before he married he did; I do not know that he does since; I heard he married a woman with some substance.
Q. What is his character?
Roberts. A very worthy sober fellow.


                  Sarah 
                  King 
               



            . I have known him from his birth; I never knew nothing amiss of him in my life.
Q. to Burch. What time did the prisoner bring the watch to your shop?
Burch. He brought it about eleven o'clock on the Monday morning.
Q. What name did he pawn it in?
Burch. He pawned it in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Angess 
               



            .
Q. Was you before Justice Girdler when the prisoner was there?
Burch. I was.
Q. What did the prisoner say there?
Burch. He denied his ever pledging the watch to me; he denied knowing any thing about it.
Q. Was any thing mentioned there about his being at the Castle?
Burch. No, not a word.
Q. Was any mention made about his being in bed on the Sunday at eleven o'clock, or at his father's at the time the robbery was committed?
Burch. No, nothing about it.
Q. Did the prosecutor mention his being robbed of this watch in St. James's Park there, in the hearing of the prisoner?
Burch. He did the same as he has now.
Q. Do you think the prisoner heard the charge?
Burch. He did, and gave no answer to it. The Justice asked him what he had to say for himself; he strictly denied pawning the watch, or knowing any thing of it.
Q. Did he appear to be sober?

Burch. He did.
Q. Was he sober when he brought the watch to you?
Burch. He was very sober.
Q. to Ross. Was you at Justice Girdler's?
Ross. I was; the prosecutor told the same to Justice Girdler as he has here; the prisoner denied knowing any thing of the watch, he said nothing about being at the Castle, or being a bed, or at his father's, at the time of the robbery.
Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Parkinson 
               



             came into court and was sworn.
Q. to Mr. Parkinson. A circumstance in the prisoner's defence made it necessary to send for you. Do you know 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Murry 
               



            , he says he writes for you?
Parkinson. He does.
Q. How long have you known him?
Parkinson. I have known him going on two years.
Q. Was he in your service about the 6th of July last?
Parkinson. He was.
Q. At that time was he in a situation in life to lend a sum of money?
Parkinson. I have no reason to believe he was; he might have money other ways for what I know; I allowed him a shilling a day, or four or five shillings on a Saturday night; that was a dead time of the year, when he was not in full employ; of ten or a dozen men, some I pay weekly, those that were economists; those that were not, had their money by the day.
Q. How had you use to pay Mr. Murry?
Parkinson. He used to spend his money; it struck me in that light to allow him his by the day.
Q. Have you any knowledge of his connections?
Parkinson. I am totally unacquainted with his connections.
Q. Has he any substantial relations or friends?
Parkinson. I can't recollect ever hearing him say he has any.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately, from the person
            . 


               T
            .
