






80, 81. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clark 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wilson 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing an inland bill of exchange, subscribed J. Adams, bearing date the 17th of November, 1768, for the payment of 18 l. directed to Mess. Baldero and Co. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Smallwood 
                        




                      
                  , the same being due, and unsatisfied
            , December 11
. +


                  William 
                  Smallwood 
               



            . On Sunday evening, the 11th of December, I was at Mr. Thornley's in Russell-Street, Covent-Garden. About eight in the evening, Mr. Phillips of Drury-Lane came to me, and told me we had been robbed. I immediately went home, and found my bookcase open, and a drawer, in which I kept the principal part of my papers, quite empty, I missed some cash in gold, two crown pieces, and two pieces of old coin. I was informed by the servant that lives in the other part of the house (it is a double house) that she had let Clark in thro' her house. Clark was my servant. I immediately went to his mother's in Old-Bedlam, I told her what had happened, but he had not been there. I came home, and sent two messengers to Harwich, and I sent to the Gravesend tilt-boats, describing the prisoners. The other prisoner, Wilson, was an apprentice to Mr. Phillips of Drury-Lane, who was missing at the time, and they being intimate, we suspected they were gone together. I sent Mr. Swanston and my son to Dover, and on the Tuesday they returned with the two prisoners to London. They brought me four of my bills. That mentioned in the indictment was one, and some of the money which is laid in another indictment. (The bill in question produced and road, to the purport as in the indictment.) The prisoners were brought in a coach to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's; they were committed. I never conversed with them at all.


                  Timothy 
                  Swanston 
               



            . I went with Mr. Smallwood's son to Dover. One Mr. Pain had taken the two prisoners before I came there, I not going so fast in a chaise, as the other on horseback. I brought the prisoners to town. They confessed the whole to me, and they both said, they proposed, after they got to Calais, to return the bill back to Mr. Smallwood.


                  John 
                  Pain 
               



            . I keep the London Inn at Dover. On the 12th of December, the two prisoners came and breakfasted at my house in the morning they desired the waiter to get a box to put their clothes in, and said they were going to Deal, to go on board an India ship. Soon after they were gone, came Mr. Smallwood's son, and another man on horseback; they asked, whether such persons had been at my house? I told them there had, and I would assist them in taking them. I ordered my horse to be saddled. I found; instead of going to Deal, they were gone to Folkstone; then I applied to the mayor, to stop any body that was suspected: I then went round the town, and in the middle of the town I met them both; I laid hold of them, took them into a house, and searched them. Clark delivered the bills up to me, out of a pocket book. When I told them, I was informed they had robbed their masters, they made very little answer; one delivered up the pocket book, and the other about 29 l. in cash. I brought them back to Dover; by that time Mr. Swanston was come, and I delivered the prisoners up to them.
Clark's Defence.
I was a little in liquor.
Wilson's Defence.
I was also in liquor.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
There was another indictment against them for stealing five guineas, and two crown pieces, the property of Mr. Smallwood.
