





370. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Kelly 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four mahogany chairs, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hunter 
                  




                
            , July 11
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hunter 
               



            . I live in Nightingale-lane


. The morning that the fire was, in removing my goods, I lost four mahogany chairs; I was absent, so can give no account of it.


                  John 
                  Buttery 
               



            . I live with the prosecutrix, she is my daughter. The chairs were handed out of the house by some people at the time of the fire, I cannot say by who, they were found again at the house of Mr. Woolger, in St. George's parish. Mr. Berry sent for the prisoner from New-prison, to hear what he had to say; he said, a woman gave them to him. I know them to be my daughter's property, I have two of the same, they exactly correspond, and the bottoms are numbered, and agree with the others.


                  William 
                  Woolger 
               



            . I was burnt out at the fire; I went to my brother's house, while I was there, the prisoner brought a book-case and desired leave to set it in there; it was my book-case. My brother lives in the Highway, he is a brazier and broker. I three times asked the prisoner, if that book-case was his own? he answered it was, and he also owned the four chairs mentioned in this indictment, which he brought there, he said he had been working hard for them, and was afraid he should loose his all; I did not know but he would bring more, so I gave him liberty to bring his goods, that I might detect him. At last when he came to take them away, I got an officer and took him up; I then did not know whose chairs they were; as soon as he was charged, he went on his knees and begged for mercy; this was at my brother's house, about half a mile from where the fire was.


                  Alexander 
                  Goodey 
               



            . I live in Shadwell parish. A man came to me and said, I had no occasion to trouble myself, he would take the chairs and carry them, they were delivered to me out of the prosecutrix's house, I delivered the chairs to him and the bottoms to a woman; I am not certain that the prisoner is the man, they went away together.


                  Isaac 
                  Newton 
               



            . I live in Shadwell; I saw the chairs handed out of the prosecutrix's house, after that I saw a man go up the walk with some chairs on his back.


                  Ann 
                  Holland 
               



            . I handed four chairs out of the street-door and gave them to Mr. Goodey.
Keasey Woolger. My husband is a brazier and broker. The prisoner brought four chairs to our house, I received them of him, he had brought the book-case before; he said, that they were his own, and that he had been at sea, and worked very hard for them, and was very loath to loose them, he begged he might ease his burden, I said he was welcome, he might put them in at the door, which he did; he said a great many times over that they were his own, and he came afterwards to take them away, when he was taken up.
Job Biffin. I am an officer. Mr. Woolger sent for me, he clapped his hand on the book-case and said, is this yours? the prisoner said it was; then he said, the case is my own property, and charged me with him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I begged leave to leave them at the door till the owners came for them. I was a little elevated with liquor, but know what I di d.
He called 
               
                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            , 
               
                  Emanuel 
                  Compton 
               



            , John Benson, 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Fibbs 
               



            , 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Reynolds 
               



            , James Theron, and - Sweney, who all said he was an honest man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T.
            

