





526. (L.) 
               
                  John 
                  Henshaw 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a woollen cloth coat, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Ustenson 
                  




                
            , October 5
. *


                  Samuel 
                  Ustenson 
               



            . I am a carpenter
 and boxmaker
, and live in Foster-lane


: the prisoner came into my shop, last Saturday was se'nnight; I was in a little room at the back part of the shop; he did not see me: he took up my coat which lay on the farthest side of the shop; he looked about him, and whip'd it under his coat, and ran away into the street; I ran after him, and did not lose fight of him till I took him. He threw the coat into an oil-shop at the corner, but I did not observe that: when he got into Crane-court, I said, my friend, you need not run any farther, that being no thoroughfare; there I'took him: the coat was brought to me.
(Produced and deposed to).
Cross Examination.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Ustenson. This was near two o'clock in the day.
Q. Was the prisoner sober?
Ustenson. He was, I believe, or he could not have run in that manner.
Q. Did you know him before?
Ustenson. I never saw him in my life, to my knowledge, before.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was very much in liquor: I went to see a young fellow, they told me he work'd at a box-maker's shop; I went in there, and took the coat, and dropped it, but where I cannot tell; that is all I know about it.
To his Character.


                  George 
                  Galley 
               



            . I have been acquainted with the prisoner six years; he is a smith
 by trade, so am I; he worked with me six years ago.
Q. What is his general character?
Galley. I never knew any thing amiss of him in my life before this affair, which surprized me very much.


                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I have known him between four and five years; he worked very near me; I never heard any thing amiss of him before this.


                  Edward 
                  Sumerfield 
               



            . The prisoner was a shop-mate with me, in Crutched-Friars, the last place he work'd in; he behaved very well there.


                  Mary 
                  Batson 
               



            . The prisoner married my daughter; I have known him almost six years, and never knew any fault of this kind against him before this.
Q. Where do you live?

Batson. I live at Westminster, so does he and his wife.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
