






289. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary, wife

 of 
                        
                           Martindale 
                           Allen 
                        







               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 3 s. and a woollen cloth coat, value 1 s. 
            the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gillilan 
                  




                
            , April 19
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Gillilan 
               



            . I live at Clerkenwell-green


; I am a house-broker
; I lost 2 coats on the 19th of April; my wife sells old cloaths; the prisoner was pursued, as she was seen to take them, and taken and brought back with them (produced and deposed to.)


                  Thomas 
                  Blowman 
               



            . I live in Turnmill-street; I heard a great uproar in the street between twelve and one in the day, on the 19th of April; I pursued, hearing the prosecutor had been robbed, I stopped the prisoner; she had the two coats under her arms; I carried her back to the prosecutor's house. She was taken before Justice Girdler, and he committed her.
Mr. Smith. I was at the prosecutor's house in the back parlour; there was an uproar in the street, which made Mrs. Gillilan go into the shop; she then missed the two coats; I had seen them at coming in a little before. I went out, and met Mr. Blowman bringing the prisoner back.
Prisoner's defence.
I am a young beginner in buying and selling old cloaths; I gave 13 s. for these two coats, and was going by the prosecutor's house, and the people cried, Stop that woman: I bought them of a woman in Cow-cross.
Q. to Smith. How long before the prisoner was brought back, that you saw the coats at your going in? Smith. I went into the shop about one o'clock, I believe I had been in about 4 or 5 minutes, when I heard the alarm given by a baker and a dustman, who came and knocked at the door, and asked Mrs. Gillilan if she had lost any thing; I believe it was morally impossible for the prisoner to contract a bargain in the time.
To her character.


                  John 
                  Whitaker 
               



            . I live at the Roebuck and French-horn; I have known the prisoner and her husband 5 years; I never heard any thing amiss of her.


                  Samuel 
                  Elson 
               



            . I have known her about half a year; I always took her to be a painstaking woman.


                  Susanna 
                  Lay 
               



            . I have known her 9 months, she lived 7 of them in my house; I never knew any harm of her.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Tigh 
               



            . I have known her betwixt 12 and 13 years; she is a very honest and just woman; she has lately dealt in old cloaths.


                  Mary 
                  Saunders 
               



            . I have known her better than 3 years; I never heard but that she was a very honest woman.



               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
