





389. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Grinald 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault on 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mintern 
                        




                      
                  , on the King's highway, with a certain pistol, with a felonious intent the money of the said John to steal
            , May 13
. *


                  John 
                  Mintern 
               



            . I am a watch-maker
, and live in Shadwell. On the 13th of May I was going through Sun Tavern-Fields


, about half an hour after ten at night, when I saw some men leaning upon some posts by the gap. A few yards before I got to the posts three men advanced, one of them said, Stand, and deliver your money; not a word, or we will blow your brains out. I retreated a few steps, 
               
                  drew
               


             a tuck out of my stick, and said, If you advance, you are a dead man, and immediately called murder. Upon that a number of people came to my assistance, and they all flew. I pursued the prisoner about ten yards; and he finding I was close upon him, he turned round and made a blow at my head with the pistol, which I catched with my hand; but it hurt my finger. He ran off, and I saw no more of him. I knew him the moment I saw him after, which was the next morning, at a public house, the Barley Mow, at the head of Gravel-Lane. I did not chuse to attempt to take him in the company he was in, but I gave information of him, and he was taken the Thursday following.


                  Thomas 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I know the prisoner by the information the prosecutor gave of him. I took him up.
Prisoner's Defence.
That Saturday night I was drinking at the King's Arms in New Gravel-Lane: we went in about seven, and sat there till half an hour after ten: then I went to the Barley Mow and drank there till half after eleven. After that the prosecutor came and said three men had stopped him. I said, Should you know them again? He said he believed he should. On the Monday after I met the prosecutor again, coming up to the same place. He said nothing to me, and after that, when he saw me, he said he could swear to me by my handkerchief.
For the Prisoner.


                  Jeremiah 
                  Amlet 
               



            . I drank with the prisoner that Saturday night, at the King's Arms, New Gravel-Lane, from a little after eight till almost eleven.


                  Hannah 
                  Man 
               



            . I saw the prisoner at nine and ten, and just before eleven, at Mr. Greenwood's, at the King's Arms. He was alone.


                  John 
                  Mayfield 
               



            . I keep the Barley Mow. I remember seeing him at my house on that Saturday evening. He came in about nine, and stayed a trifle of time, and went out again, and I saw him no more.


                  Mary 
                  Greenwood 
               



            , Calcot Chambers, Cutbbert Alder, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Owen 
               



            , 
               
                  Michael 
                  Murphy 
               



            , and 
               
                  Oliver 
                  Bourn 
               



            , gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
