






10, 11. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Thomas 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Thorman 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing twenty-six linen shirts, value 10 l. four linen shifts, three linen neckcloths, eight linen stocks, two cotton caps, ten napkins, four table cloths, three shirts, three aprons, one pair of thread stockings, and one linen petticoat
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Delap 
                  




                
            , widow
, October 28
. *


                  Mary 
                  Delap 
               



            . I live in Gloucester-Court, No. 3, Black-fryars


. I am a washer woman
: the things laid in the indictment, were taken out of three baskets in my shed, ( mentioning them by name) on the 28th of October, between the hours of twelve at night, and half an hour after five in the morning. I had been there after the clock struck twelve. I knowing nobody could get them but they must go through the next house, I ran there; I asked if the woman's husband was at home, she said he was in bed. I told her, her doors were both open, and that I was robbed. I suspected the prisoners, knowing they lived abandoned lives. Thorman lived with his father at the next house; and the other lived upon Puddle-Dock Dunghill. I did not see them all the next day. I took them both up on the Saturday morning. I charged Thorman with taking the things, he denied it, then I took up Thomas. I took them to the Mansion-House; Thomas would own to nothing. I found the things in the house where 
               
                  Edward 
                  Thomas 
               



            's mother lives, crammed up a chimney in an empty garret, on the 29th, about one o'clock. There were a great many things wanting. I only have laid the things which I found again, in the indictment. (Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Charles 
                  Walker 
               



            . I am a constable, I went with the search-warrant to Puddle-Dock, Black-fryars; where Thomas's mother lodges; and found these things up in a chimney in the garret. I understood one of the prisoners had confessed where the things were; and before my lord mayor, I heard Thorman say, it was by his direction that the things were found. Thomas said, he would suffer before he would confess any thing.


                  James 
                  Ford 
               



            . I went by my Lord's order with the Marshal's Man, to Mr. Walker, I heard Thorman confess in Wood-street Counter; where the things were, and described the house upon Puddle-Dock Dunghill; he said the prisoner Thomas was in the yard, and handed them over to him. Thomas was in the Poultry Counter. I never heard him say any thing about the things.


                  Thomas 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I live in Gloucester Court, Blackfryars. I was coming home that night from my club, I met the two prisoners in Church Entry, just by where I live, close to the prosecutrix; I said to Thorman, is it not time for you to be at home in bed; he said yes. They both came with me to the door where I live. I desired Thorman to come up stairs with me: he said he would come presently. I left them both at the door, he lies in the same room I do; he did not come up.
Thomas's Defence.
I am as innocent as the child unborn: there are other people lie in that house, where the things were found; they were as likely to take them as any body.
Thorman's Defence.
I know nothing of the things.
Thomas called George Chesham, a lighterman with whom he worked, and 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Hawkins 
               



            , who gave him a good character.
Thorman called Mary Castleton, George Parker, and 
               
                  John 
                  Roberts 
               



            , who gave him the same character.
Thomas, 

               Acquitted
            .
Thorman, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
