





51. (M.) 
               
                  Jane, alias 
Catharine Obrian


            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s. one steel chain, value 4 d. one silver seal, value 1 s. and two brass watch keys, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cliff 
                        




                      
                   (privately from his person)
            
Nov. 7
. *


                  William 
                  Cliff 
               



            . Going to work at Whitechapel, on the 7th of Nov. about 6 o'clock in the morning, called for a pint of purl at the Black Boy, on Salt-petre-Bank


; I had been up all night, and was not quite sober: the prisoner was drinking with some people when I went in: we entered into a discourse, till one of the men picked a quarrel with me. I had some victuals tied up in a handkerchief, which I set on the table; the man struck at me, and I struck him again; the prisoner took my victuals from off the table, and went out at the door, I followed her; she went in at a house about three doors lower down; I asked her why she took my victuals away? she said, for fear we should fling it down, and break the bason. I sent for purl there; it was on the ground floor: while we sat, she pulled my watch out of my pocket, and hung it upon a nail. I said, you have no business with that, it is mine; I took it down, and put it in my waistcoat pocket. I fell into a doze, she took it out of my waistcoat pocket, unknown to me; there was only she and I in the room when I missed it, I charged her with it, and she did not deny it: She told me, if I would hold my tongue, I should have it in a few minutes; she said it was gone to pawn for a shilling, and that she would carry something to pawn, and fetch it again, if I did not let the landlady of the house know of it. I sat still a little time, and she did not go: I made a noise, and the woman of the house heard me; she came down, and made an uproar, and many people came in: I would not let the prisoner go out till I sent for an officer, who took her; she had never been out of the room. They pulled me about, that I might let her go. The constable took her to the justice at Whitechapel; as we were going to the justice, she turned round, and seeing my silver buckles, said, if I had known of them, you dog, I would have had them too. ( The watch produced in court, and deposed to, by prosecutor.)


                  William 
                  Champlain 
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to Saltpetre-bank; the prosecutor gave me charge of the prisoner; I asked him if he was sure she had robbed him? he said. I am sure. I took her before the bench of justices; she denied the whole. I was ordered to take her to New Prison: we called at the Coach and Horses; I told the prosecutor I would try a scheme to get the watch. I told her that if she would produce the watch, I would prosecute the prosecutor, and acquit her: She said, she had really taken the watch, and sent another person to pawn it for 7 s. I asked her if she could get the watch again? she went to her house; the woman there would not talk English; one of them fell into a sham fit. I said, I see how the matter is, the watch is here, and you want to bubble the man out of it. I gave charge of one. and another, on purpose to frighten them. The landlady ran into a back room, and I followed her, and shut the rest out: she pulled off the bedcloaths, I saw the watch, and took it up. She said the watch was not there, but she would search. Going out of the coach and horses, she took hold of my watch, but could not get it out.
Q. Did she confess she had taken the watch?
Champlain. She said she took the watch, and another person pawned it.

Prisoner's Defence.
The prosecutor bid me take away his victuals, for fear it should be thrown down, as he and another person were fighting. He followed me home, and wanted to be rude with me. I would not let him: he threw his coat and waistcoat off in a passion on the bed, in the other room, when I suppose the watch dropt out.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately, from the person
            . 


               T
            .
