





293. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Watkins 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one blue surtout coat, value 5 s. one brown cloth coat, value 6 s. one brown cloth waistcoat, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Clinton 
                        



                      
                  , and one pair of leather boots, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clinton 
                  



                
            , October, 2
. ||


                  Henry 
                  Clinton 
               



            . I am a blicklayer's labourer
. The prisoner lay along with me. I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, and the prisoner was missing also. He was taken afterwards, and being charg'd, he confessed they were in pawn at the three Blue-halls, in Swallow-street, and that he had pawned them there, and they were found there accordingly.


                  John 
                  Clinton 
               



            . The prosecutor and I are brother's children. He missed his cloaths, and I my boots were missing at the same time. I lost other things also, but they are in another indictment. Being taken in his ready furnish'd lodgings, we got a warrant, and took up the prisoner, and he confessed where they were pawned before the justice, and they were found at Mr. James's, in Swallow-street.


                  Thomas 
                  James 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I took in those things of the prisoner at the bar. [Produced in court, and deposed to by the respective owners.]
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            .
He was not tried on the other indictment.




[Transportation. See summary.]


