





91. 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Sherman 
                  



               
            , Spinster
, (M.) was indicted for 


               stealing one cap and one handkerchief, val. 1 s. seven bottles of wine, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
Mr.
 Barnard


            , Feb. 8
.*
Mr. Barnard. The prisoner at the bar was a servant
 of mine, and on the 8th of February my wife turned her away; and she was going out of the house with her box, when my wife insisted upon seeing what it contained. She at first refused it; then I insisted upon her setting down the box, and forced it open. On the top of the box were the seven bottles of wine mentioned in the indictment, viz, two bottles of Sherry, three of Malaga, and two of Madeira.
Q. The indictment mentions them to be your property: how do you know that?
Barnard. I went down in my cellar to see, and there I saw the vacancies where those bottles had stood.
Q. Do you keep those different sorts of wine in different places?
Barnard. Yes.
Q. When did you see the wine before?
Barnard. About two hours before, I went down with this servant, and I unfortunately left the key in the door.
Q. Did you, when you went in with the prisoner, take any notice whether the wine was all there?
Barnard. I observed it in the same situation as I had placed it; the Madeira stood by the Sherry, and there were only two bottles of each in that place.
Q. When you opened the box, you say you saw the bottles of wine at the top?
Barnard. Yes, my Lord, and several other things, as soap, starch, &c. not mentioned in the indictment. I then sent for a constable; and, upon his searching, he found the night-cap and handkerchief in her pocket?
Q. Was you there when he searched her pockets?
Barnard. No, my Lord.
Q. How then do you know that the cap and handkerchief taken from her were your property?
Barnard. They were my wife's, as my maid will prove.
Q. Was there any particular mark upon the corks or the bottles?
Barnard. No, my Lord, but she acknowledged before the justice her taking them out of my cellar.


                  Henry 
                  Ledger 
               



            , constable. In the evening, on the 8th of this instant, I was sent for to Mr. Barnard's, on account of some bottles of wine, &c. that were found in the prisoner's box.
Q. Did you see the prisoner?
Ledger. Yes; and, being desired, I was going to search her pockets, but she prevented me by putting her hand in her pocket, and pulling out this cap and handkerchief, and dropping them under her coats, which I immediately took up, and have kept ever since.
Q. Was you before the justice with her? what did she say there?
Ledger. The justice asked where she had the wine, and I think she said it was her master's.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hall 
               



            . This cap and handkerchief are my mistress's.
Q. What particular knowledge have you of the cap and handkerchief, whereby you can be sure of it?
E. Hall. I have had them in my hands often; I have washed and ironed them, and have not the least doubt about it.

Prisoner's Defence.
The cap and handkerchief were my own, and I put them in my pocket; and as I was going away, I thought the box would be cumbersome to carry, and I left the box locked; and when I came again, it was unlocked, and I know not what was put in or taken out?
Q. Have you any witnesses to call?


                  Catherine 
                  Grey 
               



            . The prisoner is a neighbour's child, of a sober family, and I have known her a great while at service at Mile-end, and elsewhere, and I always thought her a very honest person, and never heard any thing to the contrary before.


                  Hannah 
                  Wilcox 
               



             and 
               
                  Mercy 
                  Halibank 
               



             were called, and both deposed to the same purpose.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


