





55. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Lucretia 
                     Saunders 
                  



               
            , wife
 of - Saunders, was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of mens shoes, and one pair of womens shoes, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Knight 
                        




                      
                  , privately in his shop
            , December 12
. ++


                  John 
                  Knight 
               



            . The woman at the bar came into my shop to buy a pair of shoes; I was sitting in my compting-house, and saw her come in; my lad came to me after she had been there a little time, and told me that another of my servants said the prisoner had put a pair of shoes into her pocket. I went into the shop. She bought a pair of shoes and paid for them. She was very difficult, and was well dressed. I let her go out of my shop. Said the lad, shall not we call her back? I said, are you sure she has got a pair? He said, I am sure she has, I saw her put them into her pocket. Then I said call her back. He went to her, but instead of coming back she endeavoured to get away from him, so he called out for help. I was at the door, and went and laid hold of her arm.
Q. How far was she got from your house?
Knight. She was about two doors from mine. Then she threw herself upon the ground, got her hand into a great pocket that she had, pulled out two pair of mens shoes, and dropped them on the ground. I took them up and still lug'd her along, and said she should be searched. We brought her in, and in my back warehouse she said, you shall not search me; I will not be searched by a man. Said I, the women shall search you. Then she got her hand into her left hand pocket, and pull'd out a pair of womens shoes. [The shoes produced in court, and deposed to.]


                  Thomas 
                  Hildrop 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar came into our shop on the 12th of December last, about the dusk of the evening; I was upstairs at dinner, and only my fellow servant below to serve; he called me down, and said privately, look sharp after this woman, she seems to be very difficult. She had tried on a shoe; I put my hand on the toe, and it sitted her well: In my stooping I had my eye up under her cloak, and saw she had something under it. I went in and said to my master, that woman has certainly got some shoes. My master came into the shop, and we were all about her some time. After she had bought a pair, I told my master I was positive I saw her put something into her pocket, so he bid me go after her. I went to her in the street, and said, mistress, you have got something that is not your own, and asked her to come back; but she endeavoured to get away from me. I called to my master, and he came to me. Then she flung herself all along the ground, took out two pair of mens shoes, and flung them in the street. We took her into our back shop, and there, while my mistress was searching her, she hustled a pair of women's shoes out. These shoes here are the same which she had taken, and are my master's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was in liquor, and really do not know what I did; I have four children, and I hope you will have compassion on them.
For the Prisoner:


                  Prudence 
                  Lythall 
               



            . I have known the prisoner sixteen years.
Q. What is her general character?
P. Lythall. Never nothing but a hard working, honest woman; she lodged six years in my mother's house, in her first husband's time.
Q. How did she get her living?
P. Lythall. She took in a little washing, and worked at her needle. Her first husband was a coppersmith, and her husband which she has now belongs to the Keys. I have been backwards and forwards at her room for these sixteen years.


                  Hannah 
                  Godfrey 
               



            . I have known her these ten years.
Q. How has she behaved?
H. Godfrey. I never knew any ill of her in my life, to wrong any body, till now.


                  Susannah 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I have known her about nine years, down to this time.
Q. What is her character?
S. Johnson. Her character in Bishopsgate parish has been very good: I never heard to the contrary.


                  Sarah 
                  Shefield 
               



            . I have known the prisoner almost six years, and she is a very honest, endeavouring woman; she was left a window with four children, and is now married again. 




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


