





47. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     May 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 20 s. a thickset frock and waistcoat, value 12 s. a yard and a half of silver lace, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Westfield 
                        



                      
                  ; a cloth great coat, a silk handkerchief, two shirts, a linen neckcloth, and a linen handkerchief, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Gale 
                        



                      
                  , privately in the stable of the said 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Westfield 
                     



, Nov. 6
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Gale 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Westfield at Mile-end


; our stable was broke open on the 6th of November; I found the closet door open within the stable, and the things mentioned in the indictment gone; I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, and had hand bills dispersed about, with five guineas reward; not a month after I was sent for to the Justice, there I found this frock I have on and waistcoat, two shirts, a silk handkerchief, and the lace which was taken from off a hat; the prisoner was there; I never saw him in my life before.


                  Francis 
                  Peat 
               



            . I buy and sell clothes in Rosemary-lane; I bought a thickset frock and waistcoat of the prisoner at the bar on the 7th of November for 16 s. (produced and deposed to)


                  Robert 
                  Barret 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Mason a salesman in Rosemary-lane; I bought a great coat, a livery coat, two shirts, and a neckcloth, of the prisoner, on the 7th of November; he told the Justice he went into a stable and took them.
Prisoner's defence.
I bought these things of a Jew in Whitechapel.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the stable
            . 


               T
            .
