







432, 433, 434. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Smith 
                  




                     John 
                     Hilliard 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pullein 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the two first for 


               stealing nine linnen handkerchiefs, value 15 s. and three silk handkerchiefs, value 6 s.
            
 the property of persons unknown, and Pullein, for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , July 4

. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Barrow 
               



            . About three weeks ago I had a search warrant to search Pullein's house; he lives in Chick-lane, and buys and sells old cloaths: I searched, and found 105 handkerchiefs; some were pinned up hanging at the door, and some up stairs.
Q. How came you to go there to search?
Barrow. Mr. Fielding had an information from the evidence, Hussey.


                  John 
                  Hussey 
               



            . On a Wednesday night, about three weeks ago, I went along with the two lads at the bar, to Mr. Pullein's house, with twelve or thirteen handkerchiefs to sell; there were three silk ones among them; he gave us 12 s. for them all.
Q. Did you go in the day time to sell them?
Hussey. No, it was between ten and eleven o'clock at night; and sold them to him in the back part of the shop: there is a curtain divides the shop, and we sold them behind that.
Q. Had you ever sold him any before?
Hussey. Yes, I went two or three times before; he never made no scruple; he always bought them.
Q. How did you come by them?
Hussey. We got them in the Strand, out of gentlemens pockets.
Q. How long were you in getting these twelve or thirteen you speak of?
Hussey. We got them all in one night.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with the two lads?
Hussey. About a month.
Q. How came you to be taken up?
Hussey. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Smith 
               



             was taken up, and in Clarkenwell bridewell; I and Hilliard went to see him, and we were stopped: they carried me before Justice Fielding, and he admitted me an evidence.


                  Mary 
                  Fross 
               



            . I live in the house of Mr. Pullein, and have done, so before he came to it. I wash for him as a servant: I used to see these boys come to the house and sell handkerchiefs: the last time I saw them there, was about three weeks ago; they came between eleven and twelve o'clock.
Q. How many handkerchiefs might they sell that time.
Fross. I believe there were about twelve; he gave 12 s. for them: I came down while the boys were selling them; he never minded my seeing him; there were two or three silk ones, some cotton, and some linen. I have seen these boys several times come on nights; he never refused any.
Q. How many times may you have seen these boys with handkerchiefs there?
Fross. I believe ten times; I never went to bed till between eleven and twelve.
On her cross examination, she said, Pullein was a staymaker; that his wife looked after the shop; that he understood the buying and selling every thing in the shop, but linen for shirts: that she was taken up when he was; and then, and not before, she made this discovery: that when she was examined, and asked, if she knew the evidence, she said, no; not being willing to bring Pullein into trouble: but at last she owned to the truth.


                  William 
                  Langley 
               



            . 
               
                  Charles 
                  Smith 
               



             was in prison; he told the justice of the other two; and there was an order to stop them, if they came. They said before Sir John, they sold the handkerchiefs to Pullein: Sir John asked me, if I heard the words they said, and bound me over.


                  Edward 
                  Wright 
               



            . This woman lodges in Pullein's house. The two boys at the bar, told me we might find 5 or 600 handkerchiefs there: we went, and found these here produced; there were some of them up stairs in a closet: I made his wife separate them; there were twenty-one silk ones, sixty-nine linen, and fifty silk and cotton ones. When Fross was taken up, she said Mr. Pullein made it his business to buy handkerchiefs of these boys. (The handkerchiefs produced in court.)
Smith's Defence.
I was so much frighted I did not know what to say; when I was taken up, the justice said I should be an evidence. I shall be sixteen years of age, the 29th of May next.
Hilliard's Defence.
Hussey and I went to Clerkenwell, to see Smith; they stopped us there, and carried us to Justice Fielding; he said we used to go picking pockets together: I never saw the lad in my life before.
Pullein's Defence.
The day before I was committed, this woman, Fross, (upon a soldier's having a summons for me, for buying a shirt, I was taken before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ) offered her service to go and make affidavit, that I had no connection with the shop; she went there and swore the same, that what was done in the shop, was done by my wife, and not by me. What handkerchiefs are here, I bought of pawnbrokers, among 64 l. worth of things.
For Pullein.


                  Hugh 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I heard Fross say, she must either transport her master, or be transported herself. I have known Pullein fifteen years; he has a good character.


                  Jane 
                  Morris 
               



            . I live by doing needle work. I was at Mr. Pullein's house, on Wednesday, the 4th of July, from one o'clock, to almost twelve at night; I did not see Mrs. Fross there at that time: I was mending linen to wash the next day. I sat in the shop, and could see every body that came in or out: she lodg'd in the house, but was in her own room,
Q. Is there not a curtain goes a-cross the shop?
Morris. No, there is not.
Wright. There is a curtain to draw a cross the middle of the shop.


                  Sarah 
                  Bracy 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Frankline, in Turnmill-street. Mr. Pullein bought as many goods there as came to 64 l. goods that were pawned and not redeemed; there were handkerchiefs among them, some silk, some cotton, some linen, and all sorts.
Q. Do you keep any shop-book?
Bracy. Yes.
Q. Did you put down what things were sold for that 64 l. in that book?
Bracy. I do not know: we book them when we take them in.


                  James 
                  Radford 
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Commery 
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Prescot 
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Hawst 
               



            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Cluton 
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Atkins 
               



            , gave him a good character.
Smith and Hilliard, 

               Guilty
            , 



               T
            .
Pullein, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
