





164. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        James 
                        Rice 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing one laced handkerchief, value 20 s. one printed cotton gown, value 4 s. one black silk cardinal, value 12 s. and one quilted gown, val. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mark 
                     Jenks 
                  




                
            , Mar. 20
*


                  Elizabeth 
                  Jenks 
               



            . My husband's name is Mark; we live in Holborn


; the prisoner was about 6 or 7 months ago my servant
; I lost a great many things while she was with me, and the things mentioned in the indictment [ mentioning each particular]. I did not miss them till after she was gone, when she left my service, I had a great opinion of her, and had no sort of suspicion that she was the person that robbed me. She had told me her lady with whom she had lived was dead, but she had a daughter alive. I went to the house, and found the prisoner had been guilty of robberies there. Then I went with Mrs. Hunt, on the 20th of March, to the prisoner's lodgings. Mrs. Hunt went up first. As I was following her, she being in the room, called to me, and said, Mrs. Jenks, she has thrown something out of the window. I went down; and, as I came to the bottom of the stairs, a pair of laced ruffles and a laced handkerchief were picked up in the street by somebody, I do not know who, and delivered to me. Then I went up into the prisoner's room; there I saw the other things which I did not know that I had lost before, a printed gown, a petticoat, a quilted bed-gown. The prisoner was in a very great fright, and told me I should have every thing. I asked her how she came by them? She told me she took them out of the chest in her room, that had a padlock upon it; but the lock had the staple put in the wrong way; and it was not put on till the day after, and sh e took an opportunity to take the things in that time.


                  Mary 
                  Hunt 
               



            . I went with Mrs. Jenks to the prisoner's lodgings. When I went into the room, she asked the reason of my coming there. I said I was very sorry I came on such an errand, but we had a warrant to search for some things; then she opened the casement, and threw some things out into the street; I could see there was lace on them; they lodged in the way, and I poked them down with a broom handle, and Mrs. Jenks afterwards brought up a laced handkerchief and a pair of laced ruffles. Then the prisoner fell down on her knees, and gave the things to Mrs. Jenks, and begged forgiveness. I heard her say she took them out of Mrs. Jenks's chest. [The goods produced and deposed to.]


                  John 
                  Steel 
               



            . I was sent for by Mrs. Jenks some time in March: she told me she had the thief and the goods. I heard the prisoner own she had stole them; the went on her knees, and asked forgiveness.


                  Ann 
                  Gomery 
               



            . I know the laced handkerchief and petticoat to be Mrs. Jenk's property, and I heard the prisoner own them to be Mrs. Jenks's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take the things; Mrs. Jenks made it all up with me: I had a hat which I paid her seven shillings for.
Q. to Mrs. Jenks. Did you take money of the prisoner for a hat?
Mrs. Jenks. I did. This she paid me for at my house.
Prisoner. Please to examine Mr. Steel.
Steel to the question. Mrs. Jenks did omit doing any thing for sometime, on the account the prisoner said she could produce the person that she bought some holland of, but she did not produce such a person.
Q. to Prosecutrix. When did you take the prisoner up?
Prosecutrix. I did not take her up till last Saturday. Then I said, Betty, you shall have as much fair play as possible; you say the holland is yours; produce the man you bought it of
Q. Why did you not take her up before?
Prosecutrix. My husband was in trouble, and I lost a child in the mean time; and I could not be certain to it before, but I have found two marks in it since.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            



               T
            .
