





119. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harding 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk purse, value 1 s. one piece of gold, called a Jacobus, value 25 s. and 3 s. in money, numbered; the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Fulton 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , December 6
. ++


                  James 
                  Fulton 
               



            . I came to London on the 5th of December: I went to drink with a gentleman of my acquaintance, at the house of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Robinson 
               



             by the Hermitage-bridge


; the prisoner introduced himself into our company; we drank pretty heartily; when my acquaintance was gone, I laid down on a chair to sleep, I slept about three hours; the prisoner was with me when I went to sleep; I was told the next day, that the prisoner was put in prison for using his landlady ill, and he had pledged a piece of money; I was desired to go and see it; I did, and it appeared to be my Jacobus: by that time the prisoner had made his escape away: he was afterwards taken up upon another fact, on the 15th of December: I went the next day with him before the Justice, and swore to my piece of money; he said he took it from off the ground in the room where I slept.


                  John 
                  Macloud 
               



            . The prisoner and his landlady had quarrelled; she sent him to the Watch-house; he sent for me, I went; (I did not know him before) he wanted me to lend him money on this piece of money; ( produced in court) he said it was his father's, and he had a value for it, having had it some time; I lent him four shillings. The next morning he sent one of the watchmen for me again; he wanted more money; I lent him half a guinea more on it; after that I saw him go past my door; I said, so I see you are cleared; he said he was going for a friend, to ask him to appear for him; I never heard more of him till after he was taken again for stealing a spoon; then I went before the Justice, and produced this piece of money.
Q. To prosecutor. When had you seen this piece of money before?
Prosecutor. I had it in my pocket, in a green purse, when I went to sleep.

Prisoner's Defence.
I was in liquor; I picked the piece of money from the ground; I went in and quarrelled with my landlady, and she sent me to the watch-house; I being in liquor, made away with it; if I had been sober, I should not.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
