





238. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Lockett 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 12 yards of green ribbon, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Allen 
                  




                
            , Aug. 29
.~


                  John 
                  Allen 
               



            . My wife is in the haberdashery way of business, I was not in the shop at the time this ribbon was lost; but I know it to be my property. [Holding it in his hand.]


                  Eleanor 
                  Allen 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. The prisoner came into my shop on the 29th of Aug. and asked for a half penny-worth of yellow silk: I had some ribbons in the window, he began to cheapen some; I turned my head a little on one side, in order to reach a paper of silk, and saw him putting a piece of ribbon in his pocket: I said, it is my ribbon, he immediately laid it down. Presently after I missed another piece, I told him I missed another piece, he ran away; and I followed him, and called out, stop thief, and he ran and called stop thief too: he ran down a gate-way, and my husband and a neighbour pursued and took him. I was with him before a magistrate on the Monday morning, he was charged with taking the piece of ribbon, but he denied it.


                  Mary 
                  Frost 
               



            . I live in Three Horseshoe-court, Long-lane: I saw the prisoner running along with his left-hand in his pocket, it was an inside pocket. He pulled out a piece of ribbon at th e corner of my house, and threw it against a cart-wheel, and it bounded and fell in the channel: I went and took it up, [She takes it in her hand ] Here is my mark upon it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home from work: I called in at that gentlewoman's shop, I was not there a moment, there was another man there: the man that was in the shop went out; I was a little in liquor; she said I had taken a piece of ribbon; I said, what do you mean by that? and took up my half-penny, and went out; they apprehended me, and swore I stole a piece of ribbon out of the shop.
Q. to Mrs. Allen. Was there any other person in the shop at the time?
Mrs. Allen. No, there was none but the prisoner at the bar; I had told the prisoner, he had got a piece of ribbon just before the other person came in; then I rung for my husband, and called my servant in; then he snatched up his half-penny, and run down Charter-house-street, and up Long lane; there he was taken.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


