





13. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Noony 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two cheeses, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Dodd 
                        




                      
                  , privately, in his shop
            . Nov. 24
. *


                  John 
                  Dodd 
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live in Newgate-street


. I was not at home when the cheeses were taken out of my shop. My brother Peter, who is my servant, sent for me, after he had secured the prisoner in the counting-house, on the 24th of Nov. about 8 at night. I saw the cheeses, (produced in court, and deposed to) they are marked T. P. I bought them of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Price 
               



            , in Whitechapel, they had been in my shop about 6 weeks.
Q. When had you seen them in your shop last?
Dodd. I had seen them in my shop that very day.
Q. Were there any quantity of that mark?
Dodd. There were about five hundred weight of them, I found three more of them in another place; there were about half a ton of them at first.
Q. How many cheeses had you in your shop of that sort?
Dodd. There were about 50 of them on the shelf, the pile was full in the morning (that was 5 or 6) which were gone before I came home; that pile was on the shelf, very near to the outside of the window, the person need not come into the shop to take them; they might draw them from off the pile.
Q. Describe the situation of the shelf.
Dodd. The shelf is about three inches higher than the lower part of the window, where the sashes drop down.
Q. Did you know the prisoner at the bar before?
Dodd. I never saw him before, to my knowledge.


                  Peter 
                  Dodd 
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutor. I was serving behind the counter about a quarter after eight o'clock that night. I saw two cheeses move from the shelf; I came from behind the counter (which is the opposite side the shop, my face was towards the shelf); there then was only they two on the pile; I ran out at the door, seeing them go out at the window, and followed the prisoner, who had got about 10 or 12 yards, and saw him put something under the flap of his coat. I went before him, and said, Friend, where are you going with them cheeses, and tapped him on the shoulder? He said, no where, only in a joke. I called him, and brought him into the shop, and took the two cheeses from under his arm. These are the same here produced; I am certain they are my master's property. I took him into the counting house, and sent for my master; then the prisoner said, Lord bless me, what have I done this for! a man put the cheeses into my hand as I was standing at the corner.
Prisoner's Defence.
On the 24th of last month, I was drinking at the Dolphin, in Honey-lane Market, till about 20 minutes after eight at night. I went home; a man that lodges in the house of Mr. Leven, said, James, I should be very much obliged to you, if you had come home sooner, and gone of an errand for me; said I, I'll go on an errand for you ten miles, if you want it, or for any body else; said he, carry these slides, belonging to a watch. to such a man in Holborn. I set out with them about 20 minutes after eight, and came opposite to Warwick lane; there I stopt to make water, and was buttoning up my breeches; coming out of the passage, a man said, be kind enough to lay hold of these two cheeses for a moment. Immediately I mist him; I had them not a minute in my hand before the man came and laid hold on me, and said, What are you doing with these cheeses? Said I, I am holding them for a man that is making water, or casing himself. I had been but five minutes out of our own house, before that man took me into his house: There were three more cheeses found in a house on the outside Newgate, and two others under Newgate. I never went out of our house till 25 minutes after eight o'clock.

Mr. Dodd's brother went to another shop, and wanted the man to swear I was the man that left three cheeses there; the man said, he could not swear, whether I was or was not the man; there were two cheeses left under Newgate; he could not swear that I was the man that left them. My Lord would not hear any character of me; I had as good a character as any man in the world. I have been seven years to serve his Majesty, and am a freeman of the city of London; I am as innocent as a child unborn.
For the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Leven 
               



            . I keep the Bell in Bow-lane, and do business in the watch-branch. The prisoner lodged with me.
Q. What is he?
Leven. He is a barber. On Thursday se'nnight some time, I believe between eight and nine, the prisoner came in, much in liquor, and a man that works with me in the motion branch, desired he would take three slides up to a person in Leather-lane, Holborn. I saw him go out with them; the next morning I had a note from him, to tell me he was in the Counter, and that he had not carried the slides. He bares a very good character. as far as ever I heard; he hardly was ever out of my house after eight or nine o'clock.
Q. What is his employ at your house?
Leven. He sometimes works at wig-making, or mending in the garret.
Q. How long has he lodged with you?
Leven. He has lodged at my house between four and five months.


                  Geo 
                  Gadard 
               



            . I have known the prisoner four or five months; he has altered a wig or two for me, and has shaved me. I always found him to be a very honest fellow, and never heard to the contrary.




               Guilty. 4 s
            . 


               T
            .
