






259, 260. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mitchell 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Anderson 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 18 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Frith 
                  




                
            , March. 8
 ++


                  Samuel 
                  Frith 
               



            . On Sunday the 8th of March, about eight in the evening, I was coming by St. Dunstan's church


. The lecture was just done. I had felt my handkerchief in my pocket when at Temple-bar, and before I got to the hither end of the church, Mr. Pain asked me if my pocket was not picked; I found my handkerchief was gone; he shewed me and said, that what was the person that took it; I secured him; Pain went a little farther and took Anderson; Mitchell dropt two handkerchiefs cut of his pocket in taking him cross Fleet-street, neither of them were mine; we took them to Wood-street Compter, there we found five upon them; two upon Mitchell and three upon Anderson.


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . On Sunday the 8th of March, I had been at St. Dunstan's church; I came out at the hither door, and saw the two prisoners, and two others less than they; the prosecutor came by with his coat unbottoned; they all four turned about; Mitchell was first and Anderson next; I saw Mitchell put his hand in the prosecutor's pocket, and take out a handkerchief; I tapp'd him on the shoulder, and told him what I had seen; he felt, and said, I have lost it sure enough; we seized the prisoners, the others made off; I had observed Anderson backwards and forwards with them several times, before the gentleman came by; he dropt a handkerchief just before I got him to St. Paul's church yard.
Mitchell's defence.
I never did such a thing in my life.
He called 
               
                  George 
                  Fowler 
               



            , 
               
                  Mary 
                  Rice 
               



            , and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Beadle 
               



            , who gave him a good character.
Mitchell 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Anderson 

               Acquitted
            .
