





210. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Carroll 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mugg, value 38 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Dennis 
                     Commins 
                  




                
            , June 15
. ||
Mrs. Commins. My husband's name is 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Commins 
               



            ; we live at the King's head, the corner of Prince's street, Drury lane


, a public house.
Q. Was the prisoner your servant?
Commins. She was a chairwoman
 at my house.
Q. How long had she been chairwoman at your house?
Commins. Not above a week. I had lived there 3 months or better; on the 15th of June last I lost a silver mugg, and miss'd her at the same time from my house.
Q. When had you seen it last?
Commins. I gave it to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Wailey 
               



            , my maid, to wash it with others; she brought me 5 silver tankards, and left 2 muggs behind, presently I found one of the muggs was missing.
Q. Had the prisoner used to lie in your house?
Commins. She lay with the maid; the prisoner came in about 20 minutes after: I accused her with taking it; she denied it; I took her into a private room, and sent for a constable, and then to the Roundhouse; a gentleman named Turner, went to our other house (we kept two houses) and he carried the mugg to my husband.
Mr. Turner. I keep the Crown and Cusheon, Russel street, Covent Garden (a public house) the prisoner used to come to my house sometimes for a pint of beer; she came on the 15th of June, at near 12 o'clock, and had a pint of beer, paid me for it, and desired to leave this silver mugg with me (producing one) I asked her no questions, haveing no body at home but myself to attend my house, and being busy with my customers. She not coming again for it, as she proposed, I look'd at it, and found the name Matthews, at the Angel and Crown St. Martin's lane, that was Mrs. Commins's former husband's name. I sent immediately to St. Martin's lane; Mr. Commins came and own'd the mugg; then we went to their other house near Drury lane. Mrs. Commins had sent the prisoner to the Roundhouse.

Q. from prisoner. Whether I did not say to you, the servant had given it to me?
Turn. She did say something of a servant maid, but the words I did not take particular notice of, being busy; she said, she would soon call again for it.
Prisoner's Defence.
On the Saturday night, the maid told me, her Mistress would not let her in, and they had had a dispute; but she said she would be even with her, she got a large glass of Brandy for me, when she was washing the pots; I was shelling of pease; she call'd me. and said, take this pint mugg, and carry it abroad, till I call for it; I took it, and carried it to Mr. Turner's house.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


