





92. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Kelly 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one gold watch, value 7 l. one silver watch, value 3 l. one silver table-spoon, value 10 s. and one gold laced hat, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Lugar 
                  




                
            , Dec. 27
. ++


                  Francis 
                  Lugar 
               



            . I am an attorney
, and live by the new church in the Strand


. The prisoner was my clerk
, and to do any thing that I had to do.
Q. How long had he been with you?
Lugar. About three months. On the 27th of December, it being holyday time, he went out and came home about two o'clock; then staid a little time, and went out again. Then he came in again. I was ill and confined to my bed room. He was soon gone again, and then I missed my gold watch, which was just before hanging up in my room. I did not see him for three weeks; but, in that time, he was frequently sending me letters by porters. When I met with him, I charged him with taking the gold watch: he owned he had taken it from the place where it did hang, and had pawned it. I also charged him with taking a silver one, which I had lost about 10 days before I lost the gold one; and also a silver table-spoon, and a gold laced hat. He owned to the taking them all, and told me where he had pawned them.
Q. Where did you miss your silver watch from?
Lugar. From the place where it hung in my dining-room. I sent for a constable, and he would not come because there was no warrant, so the prisoner got away. He was at last taken up by some pawnbroker, where he had pawned other things, and Mr. Fielding sent for me; there I went and charged him.
Q. from prisoner. Did not you let me put that silver watch in my pocket to walk out with you into the Park one Sunday evening?
Lugar. No, I did not.
Q. from prisoner. Did you never lend it me?
Lugar. No.
Prisoner. I came and told him I had a misfortune happen'd to me, and I had pawn'd the watch for two guineas, and I would get it again in a short time; and I would give him my note for the two guineas, if he would lend it me to fetch it out again; and the hat I mentioned likewise.
Lugar. Upon this man's coming to me, he was arrested by a person in Holbourn. Here is the paper, which the prisoner calls a note. It is no note, it is an account of things of his that I took out of pawn for him. Here is paid for him 2 l. 3 s. 6 d. This indeed is my silver watch, but the others are all his own things. A suit of cloaths, a hat, not my gold laced hat, a hat-buckle, a ring, and other things of his own; and at the bottom he has wrote.
Rec'd. the above by me 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Kelly 
               



            .
Prisoner. After this I told him I was going to an assembly at Westminster, and desired he would lend me his gold watch. I took it, and came home the next night. I desire he may be asked if he did not lend it me.
Prosecutor to the question. No, I never lent it him, nor never gave him authority to take it, nor the silver one neither.


                  Robert 
                  Bowers 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Russel-street. On the 20th of last December the prisoner pawned a gold laced hat with me. [Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.] On the 27th of December he pawned a gold watch with m me for 7 l. and on the 12th of January he pawned a silver table-spoon for half a guinea. [Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Prisoner's Defence.
After I wrote to him of what I had done, and that I was sorry for it, he desired me to come to him; and I was to pay the money at a guinea, or half a guinea at a time. His maid was in the room at the time. I made over a note to him for this silver watch, value received, and for other things that were pawned. He went to his desk, and took the purse in his hands several times; and was on and off, thinking what to do for the best, till it grew too late to go to the pawnbroker. Then he desired me to be with him by ten o'clock the next morning, to go and take the things out of pawn. When I came, he said, Go into Holbourn, there is a gentleman there to whom I pawned this watch for ten guineas; desire him to take this watch (that was the gold one) and bring me his note for the money. I begged he would excuse me in that, and said, if he would give me 7 l. it would be better to go for the watch, than to go to the gentleman. I have several times drank tea with him at his house since, till one evening he wanted me to stay right or wrong, and I would not. Then he said he would call a constable, and have me taken. He kept me till ten at night, which deprived me of another master; so I lost my place by that. Then I got away, and a man said. He does not want to hurt you, he only wants to frighten you. I hope you'll take pity of me, as I am a stranger in this country, and have no friend here. I served my time to Mr. Muroe, in Lombard-street.


                  George 
                  Cook 
               



            . I heard the prosecutor warn the prisoner from coming to his lodgings any more, saying, he was a thief.
Q. When was this?
Cook. I cannot exactly tell the time.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


