






14. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wiltshire 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing sixty-seven pair of leather shoes, value 8 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Job 
                  Heath 
               




             , Nov. 5
. ++


                  Job 
                  Heath 
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in White-Cross-Street. On the 6th of November, Mr. Robinson came to me, and asked me if I had not lost some shoes, saying, a man was stopt with some, and by the manner of his selling them, there was reason to suspect he had stole them, and that he had stopt him, and shewed the shoes to a master shoemaker, who said they were mine; he brought some with him. I know them to be mine. I had sent sixty-seven pair on the Thursday before to Mr. Houch's Waggon, to go to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Turner 
               



             of Naynand, in Suffolk; I went and saw the shoes, there were ten pair deficient. I went immediately to Mr. Houch's, book-keeper, to know if my man had delivered them, there I found he had, and they were booked. On the Monday morning, the prisoner, who had been offering some to sale, was brought before the Justice; it appeared that he was the man that drove the cart out of the inn yard.


                  Andrew 
                  Rolinson 
               



            . I live in Colchester-Street, White-Chapel. The prisoner came to my house to lodge, on the 5th of November at night, he having no money; and he offered a pair of shoes for a pot of beer. He had a parcel of shoes in a bag. I went to a shoemaker, and asked him whose mark it was upon them, he told me, Mr. Heath's. I went to the watch-house, and got the constable of the night, and secured the prisoner, and the next morning I went and informed Mr. Heath of it.


                  Joseph 
                  King 
               



            . I am a book-keeper to Mr. Houch's waggon. I booked a bag to Mr. Turner, in Naynand; the porter took and put them in the cart.


                  James 
                  Little 
               



            . I am the porter. I received the bag from Mr. Heath's man, it was directed to Mr. Turner at Naynand; I put it in the cart: the prisoner was the man that drove the cart out of the inn yard.
Prisoner's Defence. I drove the cart no farther than off the stones. I found the bag of shoes in the road at Burnt-wood.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
