





5. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Daws 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloath great coat, value 20 s. a fustian frock, value 10 s. a pair of leather breeches, value 8 s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 6 d. a neckcloth, value 2 d. and a tobacco box, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tapping 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the stable of 
                     
                        James 
                        Garret 
                     



, October 24
. *


                  John 
                  Tapping 
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Garret 
               



             at Isleworth


, who keeps hackney coaches; on the 22d of October, in the evening, I came home, and hung my great coat up in the stable; I mist it about six o'clock on the Sunday morning; then I searched my box, I found it broke open, and mist the other things. The prisoner was a servant
 out of place, and had used to be at times in the yard. I suspected him.
Q. Had you locked the stable door?
Tapping. No, I had not. I was at Hownslow on the Monday morning; I saw the prisoner in the basket behind the Bath coach, going for Bath. I called to the coachman to stop; he did. I got from my coachbox, and got him from the basket; he had my great coat on, and the rest of the things, laid in the indictment, were found in the basket. (Produced and deposed to.) I took him before the Justice, he acknowledged he took them, and offered me all the money he had if I would let him go.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, but called for Blackbourn, a victualler at Twittenham, who said the prisoner had served him about eleven or thirteen months, as a coachman, and behaved well in that time.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the stable
            . 


               T
            .
