





210. (M) 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Fogarty 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one beak-iron, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Savage 
                  




                
            , May 23
. .~


                  James 
                  Savage 
               



            . I keep a cooperage
 at Shadwell


, and was burnt out at the late fire; since which time I set my servants to watch that nothing should be carried away. On the 23d of May, about 11 at night, 
               
                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



             took the prisoner at the bar with a beak-iron in his possession; it weighs about a quarter of a hundred weight. I went with the prisoner to the justice of peace. He was there charged with taking it, but he denied it. I cannot swear to me beak-iron, my servant can give the best account of that.


                  James 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Savage, I was appointed to watch the ruins after the fire, where Mr. Savage had his cooperage. On the 23d of May, about 11 at night, the prisoner came upon the premises, and this beak-iron was standing fastened on a stake in the ground: I saw the prisoner take and shake and wriggle it about, and get it out; he got it out, and was walking off with it. I went and laid hold of his collar, when he had it upon him. He had got it across his knees, and was going off with it, stooping that I should not see him. Then he dropped it down. I brought him into my master's house, and charged an officer with him. [The house is joining to the yard.] He was put into the watch-house till the Monday morning; then he was taken before the justice, and committed.
Q. How near to him was you when he was getting the beak-iron out of the stake?
Taylor. I might be about 10 or 11 yards distance.
Q. How long did you observe him at it before you seized him?
Taylor. Not above two minutes, or thereabouts.
Q. Whose property is the iron?
Taylor. It is Mr. Savage's property, I put it into the stake myself, and rounded some koops that had been in the fire, and worked at it all day on the Friday, which was the 22 d. I asked the prisoner how he came there; he said he lost his way.
Q. from prisoner. What is the reason you did not bring the beak-iron along with me into your master's house?
Taylor. As the iron was pretty heavy, I thought proper to take care of the prisoner first; then I went and fetched that.
Q. Was the prisoner making off from you, or towards you?
Taylor. He was coming towards me, that was his way out of the yard, he could not go backwards, without going into the dock, or by water.
Prisoner's Defence.
When I was carried in, they let me go; he went out, and came in again, and brought this beak iron, and then charged me with taking it. I was fuddled, and I went there and lay down, slept, and got myself sober. When I awaked, I could not tell where I was; I saw this man with a lanthorn; he called, Hallos, and asked me what business I had there; I told him I wanted to get out. He said, Come along with me, and I'll shew you the way out. He took me by the hand to his master's house. Then he said, Here is a man was got upon the premises as far as the small-beer cellar. They examined to see if I had got any thing. He staid some time, then went out again, and brought this thing in, and desired them not to let me go; for he said, he found it where I had been. When I first saw him, with his lanthorn, I might have gone off; I had time enough, had I thought myself guilty.
Q. to Taylor. When you first discovered the prisoner, did he tell you he had lost his way?
Taylor. Yes, he did.
Q. Did you tell him you would shew him his way?
Taylor. I did; then I took him to my master's house.
Q. Did you go out of the house without charging him with any thing?
Taylor. I left him in charge with another watchman before I went out.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


