





100. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Molney 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a bank note, value 30 l. marked No. 428. dated 12th of November
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bryant 
                  




                
            , Esq
; Dec. 19, 1766
. ++


                  John 
                  Mason 
               



            , Esq; I am partner with Mr. Bryant; I live at Greenwich, he lives at Deptford-bridge. On Tuesday the 18th of December, 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Biles 
               



            , who is book-keeper to Mr. Bryant, came to my house, and told me, he was very apprehensive that Peter Molney, who was Mr. Bryant's footman
, had got a note of his master's, and brought me the particulars of the date, and name to whom payable. On the morning of the 19th, I called upon Mr. James. who had had some transactions with Mr. Bryant, and told him our suspicion. Mr. James said, upon my describing the note, that was one of the notes which he had paid Mr. Bryant; the prisoner was asked, how he came by the note; he said, he found it on the Royal Exchange.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Biles 
               



            . I am a book-keeper to Mess. Bryant and Mason. On Thursday evening the 18th of December, the housekeeper brought me a quarter of a sheet of paper into the counting-house, and in it a bank-note of 30 l. No. 428. Nov. 12, 1766, payable to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Rossy 
               



            , Esq; and Co. signed 
               
                  Charles 
                  Iveson 
               



            , entered S. Gore. I ordered her to lay the paper and note in it where she found it; the prisoner was then undressing his master, and putting him to bed. I went into the kitchen, where the paper lay upon the table; I observed on the top of the paper a promissory note for three guineas, payable to the prisoner, signed 
               
                  William 
                  Thompson 
               



            . The prisoner came up to me; I asked him if that belonged to him; he said it did; I said, there is something in the paper, and opened it; there was the 30 l. bank note; I asked him whether that note was his property; he said it was; I asked him over again; he said the same; then I asked him who he received it of; he told me, of one Mr. Singleton; I said if that was his note, I thought he had as great a right to it as any body, and put it into his hands again; I then went down to Greenwich to Mr. Mason, and informed him what had passed, and gave him the number and other remarks that I had made.


                  William 
                  James 
               



            . On the 12th of November, I dined with Mr. Bryant at the King's Arms tavern; he had some money to pay after dinner; he took out a draft upon Mr. Hankey for 66 l. 5 s. and desired me to take it to his banker; I did, and received for it two 80 l. notes and 6 l. 5 s. in money, which I gave Mr. Bryant; I sent for the banker's clerk, who described the particulars of the notes; one of them corresponded with that which the prisoner is indicted for.



                  James 
                  Balchard 
               



            . I am coachman to 'Squire Bryant; the prisoner was my fellow servant. One morning before the prisoner ws taken up, he had my master's clothes to brush; I went into the room when he was brushing them; he was taking some papers out of my master's pocket;  he tols me, he was looking for the character that came from his late master; I saw in one of the papers were two bank notes; he shewed them to me; I said, they are certainly bank notes; he said, if they were, they were not filled up; he doubled again in the same manner they were before, and put them into master's pocket again. The prisoner took his clothes away without master giving him warning.


                  Richard 
                  Down 
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Rossy; Mr. James brought a draft for 66 l. 5 s. and I gave him in change for it two 30 l. notes, and the rest in money, on the 12th of November. The No. of one of the notes was 428, dated Nov. 12, 1766, payable to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Rossy 
               



            , Esq; and Co. (he takes the note in question in his hand) this is the note.
Prisoner's defence.
I went to fetch my master from 'Change, and I found this paper lying on the ground near him; I took it up, and put it in my pocket, and in the afternoon I had occasion to write a little bill; I sat down to do it by the kitchen-table; I left my book on the table, when I went up to get my master to bed; when I came down I was asked if it was mine; I said yes; after that, I was asked by Mr. Mason if I had a bank note of 30 l. and I delivered it to him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
