





359. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pitman 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a shagreen watch, value 20 s. and a mettle watch hook and chain
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Hewerdine 
                  




                
            , spinster
, July 14
. +


                  Sarah 
                  Hewerdine 
               



            . I live opposite Gun-dock, Wapping


. Yesterday in the afternoon the prisoner came into my shop to buy a shirt and stockings, he had no money to pay for them; he agreed for them, and said he would come again and pay; he went away and left them; when he was gone, the girl told me she believed he had taken my watch; she saw him put his hand near where it lay on the counter; I looked and found it gone (I had had it in my hand not five minutes before, and laid it down) I went to the door, and called stop thief, and some watermen's boys and others pursued and took him; he was brought back, and searched by the constable; it was not found upon him; I sent the people out to look on the ground the way he ran, and my watch was brought in; it was found by a dunghill which I saw him run over.
- Lavender. I heard the cry stop thief the day before yesterday, and saw the prisoner running behind the church close to the brick-wall very fast; I and one Domony ran a nearer way, and came round to him; we called stop thief; an old man went to stop him, but he got out of his hands; we called out again; then Mr. Smith a butcher stopt him.
Q. Did you ever lose sight of him?
Lavender. No, we never did; when we came up to him he went to strike us; but after he got a knock on the left-side of his cheek, he was pretty quiet.
Q. Did you see him throw any thing away?
Lavender. No, I did not.


                  John 
                  Branham 
               



            . I heard the cry stop thief; I ran to see what was the matter, the butcher had just stopt the prisoner; they could not find the watch about him; then a gentleman said, you that saw him run, go and look about, and see if you can find it; I went with others, and found it in some mud, about a stone's cast from the prosecutrix's house (produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence.
They can't say they saw me with any thing in my hands; I have no friends here to speak for me, they are at Portsmouth.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
