





208. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Welch 
                  , otherwise 
Edwards




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three linnen shirts, value 5 s. two linnen shifts, value 4 s. four pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s. one coloured linnen handkerchief, value 6 d. one white linnen handkerchief, value 6 d. one pair of shift-sleeves, one napkin, one pewter plate, one pair of womens pattens, and one flat smoothing-iron
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Arthur 
                  




                
            , May 8
.


                  Charles 
                  Arthur 
               



            . I live in Parker's-lane, near Lincoln's-inn-fields


, I am an inmate, the prisoner was my servant
; from the 10th of April to the 8th of May we missed a great many things, my wife can give a better account of it than I can; the prisoner ran away; when the things were missing, I advertised her, she was taken on the Sunday, and on the Monday we took her to justice Fielding, she confessed to the taking two shirts, and several other things, and told us where they were.


                  Margaret 
                  Arthur 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor: the prisoner came servant to me on the 27th of February, and lived with me till the eighth of May: about the tenth of April she began to take the things.
Q. How do you know that?
M. Arthur. I know it from her own confession and the pawnbroker's account. On the eighth of May I missed three shirts, two shifts, a pair of shift-sleeves, two handkerchiefs, a pair of pattens, a pewter plate, a smoothing iron, and a napkin. I told her that morning if she had taken any thing out of my house, I would forgive her if she would confess where they were; she said, if she owned to one, I would alledge all these things against her: then, in about half an hour after, she eloped; I advertised her, and she was taken; then she owned to the taking every thing in the indictment: here is a paper of her own writing, wherein she mentions them. [ Producing it.] She told me she had pawned them in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Edwards 
               



            , at Mr. Reynolds's, in Gate-street, and they were found as she said: she confessed them before Mr. Fielding. [The goods produced in Court, and deposed to.]
Q. Are you sure those things were all in your house after the prisoner came to live with you?
M. Arthur. I am sure they were.


                  Robert 
                  Barker 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Reynolds, a pawnbroker; all these things were pledged to me at different times by the prisoner at the bar.
Q. When were the first pledged?
Barker. The first were on the tenth of April last, I never knew her before that time.
Q. When the last?
Barker. The last were on the eighth of May.
Q. How much did you lend her upon the whole?
Barker. I believe I might lend her about ten shillings upon the whole.
Q. Did you ask her any questions when she brought them?
Barker. I did, she said they were her own, and that she lived next door to the Crown in Parker's lane, and that is the place where she did live.


                  Thomas 
                  Quire 
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner upon an advertisement, and carried her to justice Fielding's, she was there charged with taking these things, and confessed to the taking most of them, to my knowledge, and said she took them out of her mistress's house.
The Prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


