






78. 79. (M) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     King 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     King 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing two ounces of green tea, value 11 d. five ounces of Spanish liquorice, value 3 d. three guineas, one half-guinea, one nine shilling piece, one quarter of a moidore, and seven shillings in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wilson 
                  



                
            ; and the second for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Feb. 13

. +


                  Joseph 
                  Wilson 
               



            . The two prisoners are mother
 and son
. The boy was my errand-boy
. We had some reason to suspect we were robbed, and upon that I put 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brittain 
               



             secretly in the shop to find the thief out, on the 13th of this instant; and about eleven in the morning the boy came for a pair of scales to carry backwards, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brittain 
               



            , after he was gone, told me he saw him put his hand into the gold till. I sent the boy up stairs, and searched him, and found a guinea upon him, which I had marked before with a file on the face side, overagainst the nose. The money was all marked in the drawer in the same manner; one guinea, and five half guineas.
Q. When had you put it into the till?
Wilson. I put it into the till about half an hour before he came in the morning. I asked the boy if he had not taken money at different times, and how much. He at first denied taking the guinea, but in a few minutes he confessed he did take it. He owned he had taken money at other times, eight half-guineas in the whole, and had given them to his mother. I took her up, and before the justice, in my hearing, she owned she received of him three half-guineas, the tea, and Spanish liquorice of him. We found the tea and liquorice in her apartment.
Q. Where did the boy say he took the money from?
Wilson. He said he took it out of my drawer. The woman said she would pay me again as soon as she could get it.


                  Thomas 
                  Brittain 
               



            . The boy was our errand-boy. The mother is a fish-woman in St. Giles's.
Q. Is she reckoned a woman of good circumstances?
Brittain. No, she is not. I was concealed in the shop, and saw the boy come to the till, and put his hand in, but do not know what he took out. Then Mr. Wilson's son came into the shop, and I desired him to look into the till. He did, and said there was a guinea missing. He sent the boy up stairs to my master, and he was searched, but I was not by at the time. I was before justice Welch. The boy confessed he had stolen eight half-guineas from my master's till, and the woman owned she had received three of them.
Q. Did she say she knew which way he came by them?
Brittain. No, she did not. I heard her own she received the tea and Spanish liquorice of him.
Daniel's Defence.
I am not quite 12 years old.
Eleanor's Defence.
I am wrongfully accused, I never received any thing of my son.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


