





10. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Temple 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six pounds weight of soap, value 2 s. 9 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Anderton 
                     Cole 
                  




                
            , November 13
. ++


                  Anderton 
                  Cole 
               



            . I keep on oil and colour shop
 at the corner of Mark-lane, Tower-street


. I employed the prisoner to grind colours for me at times. He came on the 13th of November, between 7 and 8 o'clock, before I was up; the maid called me up, and said 
               
                  John 
                  Temple 
               



             had stole some soap. I came and found the prisoner in the shop; my man told me the prisoner asked him if he wanted any saw-dust, as he was sweeping the shop, he told him he might fetch some if he would; and when he came up, he looked a little bulky; my man asked him if he had not got something: he said he had not; my man looked under his apron, and saw something bulge out in his pocket, and took out one of these pieces of soap; and while he was going to take the other piece out, he threw the rest down the stairs, which he took up: this was told me in the presence of the prisoner. I asked him how he came to take this soap, he said he never stole any before, and begged I would not hurt him, and he would never do so any more. I sent for a constable, and took him before the alderman, before whom he confest he took one piece to wash his hands with, but had not meddled with the other piece.
Roberts the servant that took the soap out of the prisoner's pocket, confirmed the prosecutor's evidence.
Prisoner's defence.
I took but one piece to wash my hands with, as to the rest I know nothing of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
