





140. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Howland 
                  



spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two linen shirts, value 8 s. two linen table-cloths, value 5 s. one flat iron, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Milbourne 
                  




                
            , January 14
. *


                  John 
                  Milbourne 
               



            . The prisoner lived with us as an assistant to a new servant for a short time: Some things were missing the time she was with us.


                  Mary 
                  Milbourne 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor: I missed my two table-cloths and a flat iron before Christmas; the prisoner then lived with me; I discharged her on the Saturday after, having been with me nine weeks; not on any suspicion, having known her from a child; her mother came on the Tuesday following for her cloaths; I told her she had no cloaths there; upon her mother inquiring after her things, it came out that the prisoner had pawned them, and some things of mine. The next evidence can give a farther account; the prisoner owned to every thing in my hearing when taken up.


                  Sarah 
                  Graham 
               



            . The prisoner brought two shirts to me, and said, she was sent by a servant in Mr. Milbourne's house in order to pawn them; she desired me to carry them; I asked, what I must get for them; she said, 5 s. I went and pawned them for 5 s. 3 d. on each shirt. She brought the two table-cloths and said, they belong to a lodger in the same house, and desired me to get her 5 s. upon them; I went and pledged them for 5 s. 6 d. and gave her the money; she brought them about three weeks after the shirts. (The shirts and tablecloths produced and deposed to.)


                  Abel 
                  Boykett 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the last evidence pledged those shirts and table-cloths with me.
Prisoner. I took them to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Graham 
               



             to pawn.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
