






290, 291. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Plumber 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Walters 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a piece of silk, containing 6 handkerchiefs, value 18 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hudson 
                  




                
            , April 7
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I am a haberdasher
, and live in Oxford-road


; I was serving a lady at candlelight, my wife stood close by the window on the inside; the door stood a-jar; a person came on the outside, and knocked his fist through the window: I was within 2 yards of it; I immediately ran out and ran cross the way; the person or persons were gone off; when I returned to my shop, I missed half a dozen silk handkerchiefs. In a few days after came 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Jones 
               



             the evidence, with one of Justice Fielding's men, and said he was one concerned in breaking my window and robbing me.
Q. Whereabouts did you miss the handkerchiefs from?
Hudson. They were taken from near where the glass was broke; I had laid them there myself; they were all in one piece; I had seen the piece there about 10 minutes before; the evidence said the 2 prisoners were concerned with him. Then I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, where I saw one handkerchief that was cut from the piece not made up, and another that the pawnbroker's man had; the man is named 
               
                  Baruch 
                  Fleming 
               



            ; I knew them to be my property. There were also the two prisoners, one of them. I think it was Walters, owned he pawned the handkerchief; Jones the evidence charged them with being concerned in this; they said nothing at all as I heard, in answer to what Jones said.


                  Benjamin 
                  Jones 
               



            . The 2 prisoners and I broke the prosecutor's window.
Q. How old are you?
Jones. I am between 17 and 18 years of age.
Q. What are you?
Jones. I was a waiter at a coffee-house in Aldermanbury.
Q. How long have you left that?
Jones. I have left that about 2 months.
Q. Where did you get acquainted with the prisoners?
Jones. I got acquainted with Walters at Statute-hall at Charing-cross: I never saw Plumber in my life before we took the stockings, (that was another offence.)
Q. Where did you meet together that night?
Jones. We met in Leicester-fields between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon; Walters said he was going to break a window for some gold rings at another shop. We went to Plumber at the Horse and Groom in Castle-street, by Leicester-fields; we staid there till it was just dusk, and when we came to the shop where the gold rings were, it was shut up: that was in Carnaby-market: then we went into Oxford-road, and Walters went into a baker's shop and took the till out; then we walked down almost as far as Soho-square; we passed by Mr. Hudson's shop 2 or 3 times and looked in; Walters said he would break the window, which he did with his fist, and cut the palm of his hand with a piece of glass; the other prisoner and I stood on the opposite side the way; Mr. Hudson came and asked what we stood there for; we said a person was gone to a cheesemonger's shop for some cheese, and we staid for him; he went there, and we went down Poland-street.
Prosecutor. I saw three lads walking over the way, and one of them said he would go for a pennyworth of cheese; I followed him, and said, you are one of the lads that broke my window; he vowed to me he was not, so I let him go.
Jones. We followed Walters to the King's-arms in Prince's-street and had some beer; the young fellow that went for the cheese came to us, we gave him six-pence because he should say nothing; then we went into the Meuse and cut the handkerchiefs off; they had 3 each; Walters shewed them us at the King's-arms, they were brown, green, and white silk handkerchiefs in one piece, all of a pattern. Walters said he had like to have ran over a man, and we told him how the gentleman came to us.


                  Baruch 
                  Fleming 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Trip, a pawnbroker in St. Martin's-lane; this handkerchief (producing one) was pledged by Walters the prisoner to me on the 17th of April.
Q. to prosecutor. When was your window broke?
Prosecutor. That was broke on the 7th; this handkerchief is my property, it has never been sewed on the sides; they are chocolate ground, striped with green and white.


                  Edward 
                  Wright 
               



            , who had the other in his possession, and 
               
                  Dorothy 
                  Doyle 
               



            , were called upon their recognizance and did not appear; their recognizances were ordered to be estreated.
Walter's defence.
I had been to my mother's, and was coming down Oxford-road, the evidence and I had some words; he and Plumber walked by themselves; coming down Prince's-street I met a man dressed like a sailor, he asked me if I would buy any handkerchiefs; he shewed me 4, one by one; he asked 4 s. a piece for them; I bought them all for 6 s. I went to the King's-arms, there the evidence and Plumber came to me; I told Plumber I had got some handkerchiefs, I believe we had one or two pots of beer; after that he and I went out, I having agreed to go some where with him, for I wanted to speak with him; I sold him one of the handkerchiefs, then we went into Cranbourn-alley, there we saw the evidence: we passed him, and did not say any thing to him. I had no money in my pocket; we went to a house in St. Giles's, there we lay: he left the handkerchief that he had of me with 
               
                  Dorothy 
                  Doyle 
               



            , for his lodging; I had lain along with a woman, and had not money to pay for my lodging, so I pawned one handkerchief for half a crown in St. Martin's-lane; that handkerchief was afterwards produced against me. I gave the woman that lay with me one, and the other my brother has now.
Plumber's defence.
I was on the other side the way when Walters went to his mother's along with the evidence; we came to the King's-arms, there we saw Walters; he called me out, and said he had been and bought some handkerchiefs, and said he would sell me one as I was a friend, for he had laid out all his money; I looked at them, and bought one for 3 s. I took and went into Cranbourn-alley; there we saw the evidence; then we went into St. Giles's, and there I left the handkerchief for my lodging.
Plumber called three witnesses, who gave him good character.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
There was another indictment against them.
