






60, 61. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Blackmore 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rowley 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one firkin and a half of butter, containing eighty four pounds, value 36 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas and 
                       
                           
                              William 
                              Shakspire 
                           







            , Dec. 15
. ||


                  Henry 
                  Andrews 
               



            . The two Mr. Shakspires are cheesemongers

.
Q. Have they any other partner?
Andrews. No.
Q. Where do they live?
Andrews. They live in the Broadway, at St. Giles's.
Q. What do you know a gainst the prisoner, or either of them?
Andrews. I saw 
               
                  James 
                  Blackmore 
               



             take a firkin of butter from Smart's Key


, and run up the gateway with it.
Q. When?
Andrews. On the 15th of December. When he came to the top of the gateway I saw him run, so I ran after him, which he perceiving, threw it from off his shoulder and ran. I called stop thief, and he was taken. We carried him before my Lord-mayor, where he was asked how he came to take it. He said a man bid him take it.
Q. What do you know against Rowley?
Andrews. I know nothing of him.


                  Henry 
                  Barnes 
               



            . Some time after Blackmore was taken I came up, and heard him own he had taken the firkin of butter. I asked him if he knew any thing of a half firkin that we had lost, and he said he knew nothing of it.
Q. Where was this?
Barnes. This was at an alehouse where he was taken, on the 15th of December. Before we went before my Lord-mayor he owned he took the butter that he was carrying away, from Smart's Key, and I knew it to be Mess. Shakspires's property by the mark.
Q. What is a firkin of butter worth?
Barnes. It is worth twenty-four shillings.
Q. Was you with him before my Lord-mayor?
Barnes. I heard him own the same there, but it was an alderman, my Lord not being there. He told me Rowley and he were concerned in taking it, and gave me information of half a firkin that we had lost on the 5th of December. I got a search warrant, and went, by his directions, and searched a house in Westminster, and there I found the tub, but the butter was gone.
Q. At whose house was it?
Barnes. It was at a chandler's shop in the Broadway, Westminster.
Q. How do you know it to be the same tub?
Barnes. I can swear that to be Mess. Shakspires's tub by the mark. The woman that keeps the shop said she bought the butter of three soldiers. [The two prisoners were soldiers

.] Then I went and took Rowley in St. James's Park, who at first, upon being charged with stealing the butter, said he knew nothing of it; but at last he owned he was at the selling of it, and had half a crown of the money.
Q. Did he own the taking of the butter?
Barnes. No, he did not; but said he was with Blackmore and Taylor. [Taylor is another soldier, not taken ] Rowley said they had all three half a crown each. Blackmore had told me that they were all three concerned in taking the butter.
Q. Did he say when they took it, and from where?
Barnes. He said they took the half firkin on the 15th of December, from off Smart's-key, and sold it in the Broad-way, Westminster.


                  Henrietta 
                  Mc Gillery 
               



            . I keep a chandler's shop in the Broad-way Westminster; I believe it was Blackmore that brought a half firkin of butter to me.
Q. Did he come alone?
H. McGillery. There were 2 men along with him; they told me they found the butter in St. George'sfields, and that they imagined it rolled off a cart coming from the city.
Q. Did you buy it of them?
H. Mc Gillery. I did.
Q. What did you give them for it?
H. Mc Gillery. I gave them seven shillings and six-pence.
Q. How much was there of it?
H. Mc Gillery. Twenty-eight pounds.
Q. Do you know how they divided the money?
H. Mc Gillery. I can't say any thing of that.
Q. from Blackmore. Who sold you the butter?
H. Mc Gillery. To the best of my knowledge you did, and took the money.
Blackmore's Defence.
I did not sell the butter to this woman; I and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rowley 
               



             had agreed to take that other firkin of butter, and go and sell it.
Rowley was not called upon to make his defence.
Blackmore 

               guilty
            .
Rowley 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


