





131. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Prist 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two silver tankards, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Marshall 
                  




                
            , March 3
. ++


                  George 
                  Marshall 
               



            . I keep the Ship alehouse
, at Tottenham


, the prisoner was a lodger in my house for very near three months. I lost two silver tankards from out of the kitchen; he was gone to go to bed about three quarters of an hour before they were missed; he goes through the kitchen to go to bed.
Q. What time of the night did you miss them?
Marshall. About nine o'clock.
Q. Are you sure they were in the kitchen?
Marshall. My house-keeper told me she had carried them there.
Q. Where is she?
Marshall. She is not here. When I missed them, we went up to his room, and he was not in bed, and the back-door was left open; then we suspected he had taken them.
Q. Did you ever get your tankards again?
Marshall. Yes, I did; they were found where he was taken, at the Crispin, a publick-house in Grub street. I was sent for, he was taken before the justice; and there he said, he was very much in liquor when he took them. I know that to be true; he owned he took them.
Mr. Irons. I am a constable, the man at the Crispin alehouse sent for me from the watch-house, to let me know a person was come there with two silver tankards. I went, there was the prisoner, he appeared to me to be very much in liquor, and hardly capable of giving a rational answer. These are the tankards. [Producing two tankards.]
Marshall. These are my property, and what I lost that night.

Irons. I knew the prisoner from a child. I carried him that night to Clerkenwell-bridewell. The prisoner told me, he would tell me in the morning whose tankards they were. I asked him, as I suspected them to be Mr. Marshall's tankards at the Ship, knowing the prisoner lodged there; he said they were.
Q. to Marshall. Did the prisoner own where he took them from?
Marshall. He said he took them from off the dresser in the kitchen, and went out at the back door.
Irons. I went to Mr. Marshall's house, and told him the affair; he came with me, and owned them.
Marshall. When I missed them, I went away to justice Fielding, and was describing the prisoner to one of the clerks, and the keeper of Clerkenwell came in; and said, I suppose this is something about the man that was taken up in Grub-street last night, with two tankards. The justice sent for the prisoner, and asked him how he came to take the tankards; he said, they were out at the door when he took them, and that he was very much in liquor. He owned they were my tankards; he had an extreme good character before this thing happened.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


