





461. 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Wing 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Neale 
                  




                
            . July 18
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Neale 
               



            . On the 18th of July, about six in the afternoon, I was going up Ludgate-hill


; I happened to stand at a picture shop, looking at a particular picture; the prisoner came there near me; I felt a rustling about my pocket; I put my hand in my pocket, and miss'd my handkerchief; I observed the prisoner very busy about his apron; he was close to me, behind me; then he got before me, and stood and looked at the pictures; a person said to him, Your brother wants you: he went away towards Fleet Market: I followed him; he came up Fleet Lane; there I accused him with having my handkerchief; he said he had not got it; I desired him to go into a house to be searched; he said he would; there was a door open; I said, Go in here: No, said he, I'll be searched in the street: and swore what he would do to me, if I did not find it upon him: he went on again, and I followed him; there was by this time a great many people assembled. I said, this man has got my handkerchief; he stop'd, and said he had not got it: I said he had it in his apron; he undid his apron, and did it up again, then I saw the handkerchief was in his breeches: then he went on again, and a man collar'd him after I said he had it in his breeches. He had a leather apron on; he pulled his breeches down, and the people pushed him till he came to a gateway; then he took out the handkerchief, and threw it behind a post; I went and took it up. (Produced and deposed to, by the letter R being upon it.) Then the mob desired me to charge him, which I did, and he was carried to Woodstreet Compter.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not throw the handkerchief there.
He called 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Milbourn 
               



            , a house-painter, in Shoreditch, who had known him from a child; 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hays 
               



            . a cabinet maker, in Cow-cross, who had known him seven years, with whom the prisoner had worked journey-work; 
               
                  Robert 
                  Bail 
               



            , a clock case maker, who had known him eight or nine years; and William Beman, a whitesmith, in Sharp's alley, who had known him seven or eight years, and all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried, cast, and branded, No. 301. in this mayoralty.
