





64. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Fawkener 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five linen aprons, four silk handkerchiefs, four linen handkerchiefs, two bed-gowns, a linen shirt, four linen clouts, one linen table-cloth, and two linen shifts
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Billingsly 
                  




                
            , Nov. 27
. +


                  Richard 
                  Billingsly 
               



            . The prisoner was my servant
 about eight days; she went away the 27th of November, about six in the morning; when I got up I missed her, and the several things mentioned in the indictment; I went to the person that gave her a character; they said they had never seen her; I went to her mother at Islington; the mother said she had not been there. On the Saturday after, I was told she was at her mother's; the mother said she was not there, but I found her in Bowling alley; she had my wife's gown, an apron, and handkerchief on her; I asked her how she could behave in that manner, in taking the things; she said, she was very sorry, and she must die for it; she told me the rest of the things were at two pawnbrokers; we went by her directions, and found them, some in Turnmill-street, and some near Old-street turnpike.


                  Joseph 
                  Baker 
               



            . I am a constable; I heard the prisoner own she brought some of these things from her mistress; I had this bed-gown, apron, and handkerchief from off the prisoner; ( produced in court and deposed to) we had two handkerchiefs from a pawnbroker in Cow-cross; (produced and deposed to) the prisoner owned she took these all from her mistress.


                  Richard 
                  Newton 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Clark, a pawnbroker; the woman at the bar brought two shifts to me the 29th of November; (produced in court)

Prosecutor. I believe these to be my wife's shifts.


                  Richard 
                  Newton 
               



            . One 
               
                  Ruth 
                  Colchester 
               



             brought two handkerchiefs and an apron, and pledged them with me.


                  Ruth 
                  Colchester 
               



            . I carried three coloured aprons, an handkerchief, and a child's skirt to Mr. Newton, to pawn; the prisoner came into my room and wanted a fortune-teller; I told her the person she wanted was dead; then she asked me if I knew of any; I went and shewed her a woman; then she desired me to carry these things to pawn, which I did.
Prisoner's defence.
I did not take them away from my mistress; I found them all bundled up, and as I thought they were my property, I thought I might pawn them where I pleased.
To her character.


                  Susanna 
                  Holloway 
               



            . I live in Clerkenwell; the prisoner lived with me till August; I know nothing of her since; she was sober and honest to me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
