





346. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Avery 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen sheet, value 5 s. two table silver spoons, value 10 s. and two silver tea-spoons, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Gibson 
                  




                
            , June 20
. ++


                  Philip 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I keep a public-house
; the prisoner came into my house on Friday night the 19th of June, and asked me if he could have a bed; he was told he might; he had some wine and water, and then went up stairs to bed, and came down the next morning about half an hour after nine. I asked him if he had paid for his lodging; he said he had; that was the first time I saw him; he went out of the, house; my wife being in bed, knocked against the partition; I sent my girl up; she told the girl there had been a man in a black coat in her room had taken the silver spoons; the girl came and told me; (the prisoner had laid in a two pair of stairs room, and I had left my room door open the stairs below when I came down;) we sent people after him, and the maid happened to meet with him, and brought him back in about ten minutes; then he wanted to go to the necessary house, we would not let him; then he wanted to go up stairs; I insisted upon searching him; as soon as I came in, we found a sheet which he had taken from the bed he lay on, wrapped round his body; he had delivered up the spoons just before I came in; then we went up stairs, and missed the sheet from the bed.


                  Mary 
                  Faulkner 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; when the spoons were missing we went to see for the prisoner, and I took him at a place called Cat's hole, and brought him back; when we would not let him go up stairs, he flung three of the spoons down at the foot of the stairs, and I took them up; the other spoon he gave me into my hand; (the sheet and spoons produced and deposed to)
Prisoner's defence.
I found these things in the corner of a necessary-house, where the girl came to me; she asked me to come back; I did, and being in a fright, I took the spoons out, and gave them to her; whether the things were their property I do not know.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
