






425, 426. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wools 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Mills 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing two silver watches, value 5 l. two metal watches, a silver tube, twenty-seven gold rings, eight other gold rings, a silver nutmeg-grater, thirty-five pair of silver buckles, three pair of silver salts, and other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Drybutter 
                  




                
            , August 3
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Drybutter 
               



            . I am a jeweller
 and bookseller
, I keep a shop in Westminster-hall


; that was broke open, and the goods in the indictment, and many others, were taken away; this was the 3d of August; on the Monday after a gentleman came and told me there were two or three boys taken up that he imagined had robbed my shop; I went to the Poultry-Compter, and found the two prisoners there; Mills told me he broke my shop open, and took the things, and that he intended to have done it three or four days before, but always came too late, when the hall was shut up; the other said he had some of the things; I saw some of my goods at my Lord-Mayor's; some we found hid in St. George's fields, two or three pair of salts, and twenty seven or twenty-eight pair of silver buckles; they are my property.


                  Joseph 
                  Ganthony 
               



            . I was looking out at my school window on Monday morning; at the upper end of Love-lane I saw the two prisoners and another boy together; Mills was winding up a watch, which I thought to be gold; I went out after them, and found them in Fenchurch-street; I desired Mills to let me see the watch he had; he said he had not got it, but the other boys had, and the rest of the goods; I ran after them with Mills in my hand, and overtook the other prisoner; I alarmed, but nobody came to my assistance; I asked that boy for the watch, he gave me a bag with two watches, and several gold rings, a stay-hook, buckles and buttons; I took the boys into an apothecary's shop, there we examined the effects they had, and took a list of them; I then went to my Lord-Mayor for an officer to bring them before his Lordship, and they were carried there and committed (the things produced and deposed to.)


                  Christopher James 
                  Hayes 
               



            . I am son to the keeper of the Poultry-Compter; I went with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Walker 
               



             and the two prisoners to St. George's-fields, as they told us they had buried some of the things there which they had from a shop in Westminster-hall; they had us to the place, we found them buried about four inches below the surface of the ground.


                  Richard 
                  Walker 
               



            . I can say no more than what Mr. Hayes has said.
Wools's defence.
I was with some boys, I left them and went over Westminster-bridge; Mills came and told me he had found some things, and if I would go with him and the others they would give me some of them.
Mills's defence.
I hid myself in Westminster-hall, and opened the place with a spade, and brought the goods out.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
