





631. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Welldon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a weather sheep, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Parker 
                  




               
            , Oct 8, 1767
. ||


                  Jonathan 
                  Parker 
               



            . About ten days before Michaelmas was twelve months, I lost a weather sheep out of my ground near Kentish town


; upon making enquiry I was told Mr. Summers knew something about it; I called upon him, he informed me he saw the prisoner putting something out of a sack into a ditch; that after he was gone he went and looked, and found it to be a sheepskin warm; the sheep I lost was bursten; I was shewed the skin, and am certain it was the skin of my sheep that was lost; I went to enquire after Welldon, and offered a guinea reward for him, but could not meet with him, till he was taken up by Mrs. Wheeler for money due for lodging; I applied to Mr. 
               
                  Clayton
               


             the constable, and got a search-warrant, and at the prisoner's lodging we found twenty-five pounds of sat melting over the fire; the prisoner said he did not know how it came there, and laid it upon another man who was discharged.


                  William 
                  Summers 
               



            . I live at Highgate; I was at work for a gentleman, the prisoner came along the foot path with something in a sack; he went into the field and down into a ditch; then he came out and up to me, and asked me what o'clock it was; I said it might be about a quarter after seven; he went and got half way over the stile, and got back again; that gave me a suspicion he had put something in the ditch; I went to the place and found a sheep-skin, it was warm; I took it to my work, and went in pursuit of the prisoner, but could not hear of him. The next day I believe I shewed it to Mr. Parker; I found the prisoner one evening at Highgate; I let him pass me forty or fifty yards, then I followed him and collared him, and told him what for; he offered me a shilling to let him go; we had two or three ups and downs; there was an Irishman desired me to let him get up; I did, and he got away; I never saw him after till before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            .


                  Elizabeth 
                  Wheeler 
               



            . I live near Red Lion-square; the prisoner lodged in my house three quarters of a year, or thereabouts; he used to be out of nights, and used to come in between eleven and one, or two o'clock in the morning; it is not a quarter of a year since he went away from me.



                  Thomas 
                  Clayton 
               



            . I am the constable; I had a search-warrant, I searched the prisoner's lodgings in Baker-street, Clerkenwell, the 7th of September last; I found twenty-five pounds and a half of tallow melting over the fire, and a piece of scrag of mutton all bloody, with two cords tied about the neck of it; I asked how it came to be tied so; he said it was for the child to play with; the sheep skin was mentioned to him that he put in the ditch, but he denied knowing any thing of it.
Prisoner's defence.
I have witnesses to prove what they have said against me is not true, I know nothing of any tallow.
For the prisoner.


                  Anne 
                  Baxter 
               



            . I have known the prisoner two years; he did lodge with me about twelve months in White-Hart court, Long-lane, he left me last October; he behaved as a very honest just man; they went from me to Mrs. Wheeler's; he worked upon the roads, and kept constant to his labour, and came home at his hours; one morning he lay in bed very late, he said it was a rainy morning, and said he should not go out till breakfast time; he told me he had been detected as a sheep-stealer when he came home; that a man said he saw him in the morning between six and seven, and he was not out of my house that morning till between seven and eight; h e left my house on the Friday following.


                  Charles
               


             M'Cay. I live in White Hart-court, Long-lane, near Smithfield; I have known him two years, he has a very honest character; I lay in Baxter's kitchen three or four nights; on Tuesday the 6th of October I think it was, I came down stairs and asked him how he did about 7 o'clock; he said very well; he said he was going up to Hampstead to fetch some tools away; I saw no more of him till night, then he said to me, what do you think, (he was pretty much in liquor) said he, there was a fellow at Highgate said I was a sheep-stealer.
Q. Did he tell you how he got away from the man?
M'Cay. He said a fellow workman came up and said, that man was more like a sheep-stealer than he, and that he had been branded in the hand in this court.


                  Thomas 
                  Turner 
               



            . I have known him seven years, he had always a good character; I am a farmer in Hertfordshire, he married my sister; I brought him up sat from Hertfordshire on Saturday in Bartholomew week, there were about two or three-and-twenty pounds of it.


                  William 
                  Baxter 
               



            . I am a house-keeper at No 8, White Hart-court, Long-lane; I am a clog-maker, he was a lodger in my house twelve months; he behaved like an honest man, I never heard he was accused of sheep-stealing.
- Mills. I was foreman to Mr. English; the prisoner worked under me between thirteen and fourteen months, in that time he behaved well; he was gone from me two or three months before I heard of his being charged with sheep-stealing.
Q. to E. Wheeler. How did he behave when he lodged with you?
E. Wheeler. He did not behave like an honest man; Baxter and his wife used to come there and stay till one or two in the morning, and eat pork and mutton, and what they could get; the first I saw of this was a carcase of a sheep lying on the floor one morning; I asked the prisoner's wife how it came there; she came to my room and said, for God's sake, never mention it; I saw two lambs at a time there; they melted sat till they set the chimney on fire, there were forced to be two engines to put it out, or I had been burnt down; I desired them to go out of my house, and they would not, till at last they went away in a clandestine manner, and did not pay me; since that I have had some money; Baxter said to me here I shall not go home alive.
Q. Who heard him say so?
E. Wheeler. Mr. Clayton did.
Clayton. Mrs. Wheeler was standing talking to me, Baxter shook his head at her and said, you wicked woman, you never will go alive home, them were his words; Mrs. Wheeler has been at my house, and given me information against the prisoner, and told me there were things brought in at unseasonable hours when the prisoner lodged there; she has desired me to go and search, saying there was a carcase in the house, but one thing or other hindered my going; we have watched about the house to see if any thing was brought in; I see since it was a great fault that I did not go and search.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
Baxter was committed, till he got security to be bound with himself for his peaceable behaviour to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Wheeler 
               



            .
