





43. (M.). 
               
                  Joseph, otherwise 
Richard Stevens


            , was indicted for 


               stealing ten pair of silk stockings, value 50 s. and twelve pair of women's leather gloves, value 15 s.
             the property of the Right Hon. 
               
                  Sackville 
                  Turson 
               




             , Earl of Thanet
, October, 29
. +


                  Joseph 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am servant to the Right Hon. the Earl of Thanet. On the 28th of October my Lord and Lady set out in a post-chaise with four horses and two postilions, to come to London about six in the evening, coming over Shooter's-hill, I was with them; there were two footmen on horseback; I then saw the large leather trunk behind the carriage, it was very safe; I gave the footmen charge of it, to watch that and the carriage  and I came forward to get supper for my Lord and Lady. When the carriage came to the door, neither of the footmen came with it; I told the post-boys to take every thing out of the inside, and likewise to take care of the trunk behind; they came to me instantly, and said, the trunk is no t here; I went to look and saw it was gone; I found one of the straps between the pearch and the axletree of the carriage, it appeared to have been cut by two or three attempts, with some instrument; I took an account of my Lady's woman of what principal things she could recollect were in it, and went immediately to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and got hand-bills delivered about the next morning; the prisoner was taken in pursurance of them. My Lord turned the two footmen away immediately.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hallam 
               



            . I am in the service of Lady Thanet; I packed up the things in that trunk, when my Lord and Lady came to town, the 28th of October; there was a black silk sack and petticoat, two riding habits, a black silk gown and petticoat, two bed gowns, three white petticoats, shifts, stockings, gloves, and other things.


                  John 
                  Cripp 
               



            's. I am an officer of Aldgate parish; Mr. Murray came and desired me to go with him to take a person in custody; he said a woman named Lowrey, would shew him to me; we went to the Crooked Billet in Queen-street; Murray went in at one door and I the other; the woman went in first; she was sat down by the prisoner, who was drinking a pint of beer; I went and sat down by the prisoner; and said to the woman, Madam, am I right; she said I was. In a little time I told him I was an officer, and he was my prisoner; he said he had nothing about him; Mrs. Lowrey said to him, you have a dozen pair of gloves; then he took and delivered them to me, (produced in court.)
E. Hallam. By the manner these are tied up in paper, I think I can be sure they are of my tying up, and my Lady's property.
Cripps. The prisoner told me after this, that he would shew me where there were a great many other things of great value; he took us to several houses, saying he would shew us the men that were concerned; at last he took us to Kent-street, in an alley on the other side the water, and up into a room; there were I believe thirty shifts, a lady's riding habit, a silk sack and gown, and a great many things, which were carried to Justice Fielding's, and there delivered to Mrs. Hallam and Mr. Smith.


                  James 
                  Murray 
               



            . 
               
                  Jane 
                  Lowrey 
               



             came to me, and said she had seen a parcel of goods, which she believed to be stolen; I desired Mr. Cripps to go with us; when we got into the house, the prisoner's brother ran away out of the back door. I said to the prisoner after he was in custody, you may as well let us know where the rest of the things are, we will be as favourable as possible; he took us over the water to a house in Kent-street; there he shewed us almost a porter's load of rich things; but before we went from the Crooked Billet these silk stockings were delivered to me by Mrs. Lowrey, (producing 13 pair of silk stockings;) these she said she had from the prisoner. Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             ordered us to keep them in our possession till the trial here; two of them she had bought of him.
E. Hallam. These 13 pair of stockings I am quite positive are my Lady's property.
Murray. Here are eleven pair more which I had at a house near the Old Barge House a fortnight after; I pursued the prisoner's brother, and was not by when the gloves were delivered to Mr. Cripps. The prisoner said that was his brother's room where we found the things; then we found he lodged in Mint-street; we went there, and took a box out of his room the next day.


                  Jane 
                  Lawrey 
               



            . I live in Rosemary-lane, and was crying old clothes that morning, and saw the prisoner sell something to a Jew, it was white, I took it to be a shirt; he offered me a pair of white silk stockings for 3 s. I said, I'll give you two; he agreed for that; said he, I have another pair to sell; I said, I'll buy them; said he, I have got eleven pair more, and put them in my hands; then I suspected he stole them; I said, come along with me, I have not money enough, I can borrow some at a house a little way off; I took him to the Crooked Billet, that was that I might get him taken; then he mentioned a silk sack and petticoat, and abundance of things; I said, how did you come by them, I'll buy them; he said he got them out of a gentleman's house in the country; I went out, pretending to borrow some money; Mr. Murray not being at home, I returned to the prisoner and bid him call for another pint of beer; then I went to Mr. Murray's again, he was come home; he went to Mr. Cripps, and they came with him, and took him as before-mentioned; I had eleven pair more of stockings from the prisoner, besides them that he sold me for four shillings; I had the whole tote from the prisoner.
Prisoner's defence.
When I got up in the morning to go to work at paving by St. George's church in the Borough, I met my own brother and two more, (he is younger than I, but bigger;) they were concerned in this thing; they said, if I would go with them, they would make it better than a day's work. I never knew what, upon my honour, before I came to Ragfair; I never offered any thing to sell to that woman.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
