





507. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Godard 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a gold ring, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Feild 
                  




                
            , September 8
. ++


                  Benjamin 
                  Feild 
               



            . The prisoner was my servant
 about four or five days: I live in Chandois-street


. Last Saturday, about six o'clock, she pretended to go out to clean a window, when she went away: presently, two gentlemen came with her and this ring (producing a gold ring), my property: they asked me, if I knew any thing of this ring? I said it was mine; I had not missed it before. I went to the drawer where it used to lie, and found the lock broke.


                  Jasper 
                  Notley 
               



            . I live with Mr. Kates, a pawnbroker, in Chandois-street: the prisoner brought this ring on Saturday last, and offered to pledge it with me: she having no hat on, I imagined she was some servant in the neighbourhood: she first said it was her own; after that, she said it was sent by one Mrs. Brown, at the Bull's-head, the corner of St. Martin's lane. I said I would go with her there: going along, she went into a chandler's shop, and did not seem willing to go; after that, she went into another, and staid some time; I called her out; she said, what do you think I am going to run away I then she went to the Bull-head: I asked the mistress of the house if she knew the prisoner? she said, she did not. Then I took her back to the shop again; she would not tell where she lived: after that, she said she was sent by one Mrs. Hall: we took directions where she said Mrs. Hall lived, and let her go, with intent of watching her; we let her go out; my master went out at one door, and I at the other. Going along, we looked up a court, and saw her cleaning a window: we asked her what she did there? she said she was speaking to a gentlewoman. We went into the house, and asked Mr. Feild if he knew that girl? he said, she was his servant: then we shewed him the ring, and he owned it. Before the justice, she said she found the ring upon the carpet in the room.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the ring in a piece of paper, in the room.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
