





14. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Moore 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 21 s. one gold necklace and locket, value 30 s. one linnen cap, value 6 d. one linnen handkerchief, value 6 d. one black silk hood and one linnen apron, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Sweetenham 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in the dwelling-house of the said Martha
            , Sept 7
. *


                  Martha 
                  Sweetenham 
               



            . The prisoner is an aprentice
 to a son-in-law of mine, a weaver, who lives near me in Hair-street, Bethnal-green. On the 7th of Sept. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment; they were taken out of two drawers, as I was going to bed. I saw three sleeves lying on the floor, I then opened my drawers and missed the things. I advertised them on the 10th; a poor girl happened to see the prisoner shewing the watch and necklace, she mentioned it to a person that had read the advertisement, by which means I came to the knowledge of it. I went as directed into Daniel's-alley, Whitaker-street, there I found one 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith 
               



            , she had got a handkerchief, a ribbon, and black silk hood, my property; we were going to have her committed, but she proposed to appear against the prisoner if we took him, but now she cannot be found; we took him in Nov. at a shuffle-board-table.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Cook 
               



            . The prisoner gave me an apron and handkerchief, I never opened them, neither did I know how he came by them. (Produced in court and deposed to by prosecutor.)
E. Cook. I was out-asked to the prisoner.
Oswell Hill. I am headborough of the parish of Bethnal-green. This last witness is a girl of good character. Mr. Yardly and I apprehended the prisoner, he owned to me, he had had all the things, and where he had disposed of them; that he sold the watch to a soldier at Chatham barracks for 25 s.


                  Anthony 
                  Murrey 
               



             I bought a locket of the prisoner at the bar; but I had sold it again before I knew it was stolen. I sold it for 13 s. and bought it for 12 s. There were three beads with it.


                  John 
                  Yardly 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess, he had stole all the things mentioned in the indictment. I am the prisoner's master.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was fuddled when he took me up. I am as innocent as the child unborn. The things that I had I found going along the street, at the corner of Slaughter-street, Brick-lane; I opened them, and did not know what to make of them; I was in want of money, so I sold them.
He called 
               
                  Henry 
                  Clark 
               



             who had known him three years, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Mitten 
               



             above twenty, and 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Pennot 
               



             seven, who all gave him a good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
