





203. (M.) 
               
                  Frances, wife
 of 
                     
                        Rice 
                        Williams 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a feather-bed, value 18 s. a copper tea-kettle, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Morgan 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging room lett by contract
            , &c. March 18
. +


                  David 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I live in St. Clement's-lane


. I lett the prisoner a lodging ready furnished; the goods mentioned in the indictment were part of the furniture. She left her lodgings on the 18th of March, we opened the door and missed the things. She sent a letter to let me know where the things were; I found them accordingly, at Mr. Price's in Clare market. I took her up, and she owned she had taken them before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            .
Q. Do you know the prisoner's hand-writing?
Morgan. No, I do not.
Mary his wife confirmed the evidence he had given.

Mr. Price. I live in College-street, Clare-market. I took in the bed of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cross 
               



             and another woman, but I cannot be certain it was the prisoner. There was also a tea-kettle which the prosecutor owned, out I do not know who brought it. I went to the prisoner's husband, who is a surgeon in the Hay-market, and he said he would send his brother to me to settle the affair.
Eliz. Cross. I lodge in Mr. Morgan's house. The prisoner desired me to go with her, help carry the bed to Mr. Price's, which I did, and she took the money for it. I never saw her husband till yesterday in my life.


                  Catharine 
                  Taylor 
               



            . The prisoner told me she had pawned the bed for 18 s. and the tea-kettle for 1 s. at Mr. Price's. I have seen the prisoner write, and know her hand-writing. (She takes the letter in her hand) This is her own hand-writing.
It is read in court, to this purport:
" I find the door of my room is opened; the
"bed is at Mr. Price's, Clare-market, for 18 s.
"and the tea-kettle for 1 s. I have done all in
"my power to get them out, but cannot. I hope
"Mr. Williams will not let me be transported,
"for it was for real want, &c. &c."
Prisoner's defence.
I pawned the bed myself; I desired that woman to carry it for me. I had rather go abroad than stay in England.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
