





327. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Banning 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a looking glass, a brass fender, a poker, a fire shovel, a pair of tongs, and a tin kettle the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Simpkins 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging room lett by contract, &c
            
May 23
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Simpkins 
               



            . I lett the prisoner's husband a ready furnished lodging, he and she were in it a month or better; they left it about a fortnight ago. There was a warrant out against him, and the woman was left in the room; I went to see that the things were safe, and desired her to get another room; after that I heard she was gone. I went and found the key under the door; I then missed a great many things, feathers out of the bed, pillows and bolster, all the covering, fireshovel, tongs, and poker, a looking glass, copper tea-kettle, and more things. After that I was informed the prisoner was in Bunhill-row near the Three Tuns; I took her up on Monday last; she was committed yesterday by Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rawlinson 
               



            . I charged her with taking the things; she acknowledged she had taken them; the shovel, poker, and tongs, and other things, were pawned in Bunhill-row, where I found them.


                  Alexander 
                  Renshaw 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 18th of April the prisoner pawned a lookingglass with me for 3 s. and on the 19th of May a sender for 2 s. the prosecutor saw them both at my house, and owned them.
Honer Hillier. I am servant to Mr. Marshal in Bunhill-row. The prisoner pledged a tin kettle there the 23d of May; there were other things: she brought a little before a shovel, tongs, and poker.
Prisoner's defence.
I carried them there through necessity, my husband being out of work; he said he would go into the country and get work, and I have not heard of him since.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
