





337. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hoopham 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Kingham 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , June 4
. +



                  Roger 
                  Fowler 
               



            . On the King's birth day I was on Tower-hill


, to see the fire-works, about six in the evening; Mr. Wadham was with me: we observed the prisoner, and three or four more with him, whom we took to be pickpockets; Mr. Kingham coming by, they followed him: the moment Mr. Kingham got to the ring, where the soldiers were, these fellows pushed at him, and took his handkerchief; I did not see them take it from his pocket, but I saw the prisoner returning with it in his hand; we were near him; I said, what a rascal you must be, to rob the young gentleman; he said he had not robbed him; he had got it close together in his hand; I took him by the wrist, and turned his hand, and took the handkerchief out of his hand, and said to Mr. Kingham, is this your handkerchief? he said it was: then I took the prisoner by the collar, and we carried him to the Counter.


                  Edward 
                  Kingham 
               



            . I had this handkerchief (producing it) in my pocket, at the time I went upon Tower-hill, on his Majesty's birth-day; I did not perceive it taken from me, but knew it to be my property as soon as Mr. Fowler had it in his hand.


                  William 
                  Wadham 
               



            . I was upon Tower-hill at the same time; Mr. Fowler said to me, he thought them three or four chaps (of whom the prisoner was one) were pickpockets; we took notice of them; as soon as Mr. Kingham came, they had their eyes upon him; as he was going up to the ring, they followed him directly, and I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of Mr. Kingham's pocket; then Mr. Fowler took hold of the prisoner's wrist, and took the handkerchief from him, and we secured him.
Prisoner's defence.
I picked the handkerchief off the ground, and before I had liberty to speak, they took hold of me, and took it from me; I have been at sea ten or eleven years, and had not been home above nine months.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
