





132 (M.) 
               
                  Charles 
                  Potter 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of womens stuff shoes, value 5 s. and three pair of cotton stuff pumps, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Pitman 
                  




                
            , March 25
.


                  Edward 
                  Pitman 
               



            . The prisoner was my servant
 for about five years; I am a shoemaker
, and he was my clicker
: I discharged him about five or six weeks after Christmas, on suspicion of his robing me. Afterwards I was going by a pawnbroker's shop, in the parish of St. Ann's


, in a place called Walker's Court, where I saw several pair of shoes of mine hanging in the window.
Q. Where do you live?
Pitman. I live in the same-parish. I went and told the pawnbroker they were all mine, and said I believed I knew the person that stole them. He asked me what name. I said, 
               
                  Charles 
                  Potter 
               



            . He said he had taken them all of him, and they were booked in that name. I went and took the prisoner up, and carried him before justice Fielding, where he confessed he had taken them wrongfully, and beg'd forgiveness. [Produced in court, and deposed to.] There were more of them, but I suppose here are enough to prove the felony.
Cross Examination.
Q. How do you know these to be your property?
Pitman. There are my marks on them, and I can swear to my man's work.
Q. Does he work for any body else?
Pitman. No, he does not.
Q. What is your mark?
Pitman There was the letter P.
Q. Does not the letter P. stand for his name, and a hundred names besides your's?
Pitman It may, but I knew my man's work, and from amongst other shoes pick'd them out, and they answered to the pawnbroker's book, as brought by him.

Q. Did you promise him to be favourable upon confession?
Pitman. No, I did not.


                  James 
                  Hunt 
               



             I am a pawnbroker, and took these shoes in of the prisoner at the bar, at different times.
Q. When did he first begin to pawn things with you?
Hunt. Some years ago; these are what came lately. He brought one pair of these in January last, one in February, and three in March. When Mr. Pitman came in, he said they were his, that he suspected who stole them, and named the prisoner's name, so I said I had them of him.
Cross Examination.
Q. What trade is the prisoner?
Hunt. He is a shoemaker, and has made shoes for me.
Q. Can you distinguish these shoes from others?
Hughes. I cannot, not being a shoemaker.
Q. What is the prisoner's general character?
Hunt. I took him to have been an honest man.
Prisoner's Defence.
I used to make shoes for my own customers, and buy my own stuff; these were shoes that I made for myself.
To his Character.


                  Edward 
                  Rogers 
               



            . I have known the prisoner between five and six years; he is what we call a clicker, that is, one who cuts out for the shoemakers.
Q. What is his general character?
Rogers. A very honest sober young man.


                  William 
                  Herbert 
               



            . I live in Rupert Street, and have known him betwixt four and five years.
Q. What is his character?
Herbert. He is a very honest man for what ever I have heard.


                  Thomas 
                  Pollard 
               



            . I have known him from his birth; he was born in the house where I have lived forty years, and I never saw any thing amiss of him; he is a very honest industrious man.


                  John 
                  Collier 
               



            . I am a peruke maker; I knew him four or five years before he work'd with Mr. Pitman.
Q. What has been his behaviour?
Collier. He is very honest as far as I know or have heard.


                  John 
                  Pool 
               



            . I have known him about three years.
Q. What is his general character?
Pool. I always look'd upon him to be a very honest man. I am a cabinet-maker. He bought ten pounds worth of goods of me, to furnish a room, and was to pay me so much a week, which he did very honestly; it is almost paid.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


