





261. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Pump 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a money-till made of deal, value 3 d. and 1 s. 6 d. in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mark 
                     Shotton 
                  




                
            , March 25
. *


                  Sarah 
                  Shotton 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Mark 
                  Shotton 
               



            , we keep a cheesemonger's shop
 in the Butcher-row in East-smithfield


. On the 5th of March I was in a little back room, I heard the money rattle; I looked into the shop, and saw the prisoner with my till in his hand; I ran after him, and called, stop thief; I got up at him, but missed my hold, and fell down; he was pursued and taken by a watchman, who was standing at his own door as he was running by.
Q. What time of the day was this?
S. Shotton. This was between nine and ten in the morning; when I fell down, the prisoner flung the till down in the street, this was about three doors from my house; I cannot say what money was in the till, but I know there was more than 18 d.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
S. Shotton. I never saw him before to my knowledge.


                  Matthew 
                  Thornton 
               



            . I keep a pork-shop next door to the prosecutor. I was coming down the street, I saw the prisoner and another man coming together; they first stopped at a baker's door, then at my door, then they went to the prosecutor's; I saw Pump the prisoner go into his shop, the other stood without, I soon saw them both running away; I saw Pump throw the till down, what was in it I do not know, I pursued him; I ran through my own house, expecting he would have gone down an alley, but he did not; he was soon taken.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going along, and these people came and laid hold of me, and said I had stole a till; I am as innocent as the child unborn; I work at a lead-mill for my sister.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
