





385. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bendall 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Kirby 
                  




                
            , June 3
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Kirby 
               



            . Last Saturday, in the evening, I was walking along Fleet-street, near St. Dunstan's church


, I perceived something at my pocket; I put my hand to my pocket, and missed my handkerchief: I turned round, and saw the prisoner at the bar seemingly drawing it from me, shuffling something behind him: I accused him immediately with picking my pocket, and he did not deny it; but another person (his companion, I believe) came to me, and swore a great deal, d - d my blood, and said, What did I mean? I said, that man has picked my pocket, and I was determined to search him. I being alone, was something fearful: I searched the prisoner, and from behind him, under his coat, I brushed my handkerchief down; (produced and deposed to). I immediately seized him by the collar; he struggled with me, and tore his coat, and got away; I followed him into Crane-court, another man followed me; the prisoner slipped by me in the court (I saw him all the time); the other man laid hold of him: I believe they had some more desperate design upon my person.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going on an errand into Fleet-street. I went past that gentleman; he turned about, and laid hold of me, and said, you have got my handkerchief: he went to feel about me, and his handkerchief lay on the ground.
For the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Saunders 
               



            . I have known the prisoner three years; he is a paviour, and used to work with the company I belonged to: he always behaved very honestly and soberly, the time he was with us.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
