






301. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Dallaway 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight silver spoons, value 40 s. and six silver tea-spoons, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Brown 
                  




                
            , April 6
. ++


                  Henry 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live in Hungerford market


, and am a Butcher
. When my house was on fire, the prisoner came to assist me in moving my goods. The fire was in the morning, and about seven in the evening on the same day, a pawnbroker came to me, and asked me if I had lost any silver spoons; I said, yes. I went with him to his house, where he had stopped two spoons, but not the man. He said he knew him very well, and that his name was Dallaway. I said I knew him too. Coming home, I saw the prisoner in the Strand, and took him, and had him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            . Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             not being at home, he was carried to Tothill-fields Bridewell; after that he was brought and committed, when I took him and carried him to the pawnbroker's, and searching him, I found four more spoons (produced and deposed to) in his pocket. The rest he had made away with.


                  Jasper 
                  Notley 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Keyte, a pawn broker, the prisoner brought these two spoons (produced in Court and deposed to) to our shop the morning that he fire happened and said he was sent with then by Mr. Brown, and wanted half-a-guinea up them. I had heard there had been a fire at Hungersord, so I asked him if he had been at it. He said, Yes. I said, I hoped he had not taken them; he said, No, he had not. I stopped them, and sent for Mr. Brown. He came, owned the spoons, and took them away. A little time after he came back with the prisoner, and there were four more found upon him.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you deliver these spoons to the prisoner to take care of them for you?
Prosecutor. No, I did not, nor to pawn neither.
Prisoner's Defence.
In helping to move his goods, I found the spoons in the open street, wrapped up in a piece of paper; I was very much in liquor; I took and put them in my pocket. After that there were two soldiers drinking with me, who left me to pay the reckoning, so I was obliged to make away with some of them. I served his Majesty twenty-three years and eleven months, and am an out-pensioner of Chelsea hospital
 now.


                  Stephen 
                  Macdugal 
               



            . I have known the prisoner two years, he always behaved honestly.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
