





442. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Pearce
                      John Anthony Chassereau
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven silver tea-spoons, value 7 s. twenty garnets, value 10 s. a pair of garnet ear-rings, value 1 s. three pair of enamelled sleeve-buttons, four pair of stone sleeve-buttons, eighteen dozen of yellow crystals, and other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Storey 
                  




                
            , August 12
. *
Mrs. Storey. I am wife to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Storey 
               



            , he is a jeweller
; the prisoner was our apprentice
: he asked leave to go to Sadler's Wells, he staid out all night; when he came home in the morning, I reproved him, and in the afternoon he got a porter to take away his box; I was not apprized of it till two hours and a half after, and did not know where to send after him till the Wednesday night; I having a suspicion of him, when I found where the box was, I sent to demand it; I got it and opened it, there I found these things (the things mentioned in the indictment, and others, produced in court.) They all belong to us; Mr. Storey was not at home at the time; we have since found there were such things missing.


                  Charles 
                  Storey 
               



            . There was this quantity missing, I have found since by examining; we keep a shop in Sidney's-alley, Leicester-fields. I was on my journey to Edinburgh at the time the things were taken.
Mrs. Storey. I found the prisoner afterwards, and he owned to the taking the things.
Q. How do you know it was the prisoner's box?
Mrs. Storey. All his cloaths were in it.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going to West-Florida.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
