






314, 315. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Downs 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a silver fruit-basket, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Godfrey 
                  




                
            , widow, April 16
. +


                  William 
                  Reynaldson 
               



            . I am foreman to Mrs. Godfrey, a silversmith
. On the 16th of April there came a lady and gentleman, and asked me if we had been robbed; I then had not missed any thing; I looked, and missed a silver basket from out of the shop; then I went, by their desire, to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's; there were the two prisoners; Mr. Marsden, Sir John's clerk, produced the basket. Downs wanted to be admitted evidence, but Mr. Marsden said that could not be, he having been an evidence last sessions at Hicks's-hall; then Smith was called in; he owned he put his hand into the window, and took the basket away, and if it was not for some neighbours that he saw, he should have taken away more things, and mentioned a scollop-shell which was just by the basket; he owned he carried the basket to Houndsditch, and offered it to sale for 2 s. and that there were three of them concerned.


                  Markas 
                  Garrick 
               



            . I am a Jew, and live in Cock and-hoop-yard. On the 16th of April the prisoner came to me about nine at night; he asked me if I knew a young man a Jew; I asked what they wanted; then Downs put his hand in his pocket and pulled, basket and asked 2 s. for it; I took it, and brought them before my Lord Mayor (the basket produced and deposed to by Reynaldson as Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Godfrey 
               



            's property.)
Smith's defence.
Downs asked me to go along with him, and bid me say I saw a scallop shell, but I was not there.
Downs's defence.
I did it. 
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            

