





94. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Bartram 
                  




               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three silver table-spoons, value 15 s. one silver tea-strainer, value 1 s. and 4 l. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Free 
                  




                
            , December 3
. ++


                  John 
                  Free 
               



            . I am a victualler
, and live in Vine-street, Piccadilly


. The girl lived facing me; she had use to come to my house for drink. Betwixt six and seven at night, on the 3d of December, I had a great deal of company. I went up stairs for change, I found my bureau broke open. I ran down stairs, and said I am robb'd, but don't know of what. The man, that I wanted change for, went up then with me; then I mix three silver table-spoons; and there were upwards of four pounds missing from my money. I don't know justly, how much money I had in the drawer; but I know there must be more than four pounds gone. Whoever did it, got over the stair-foot-door, that is six feet ten inches high, and struck a light, got into the closet, and at the top of wood away over the bolt of the bureau, and wrenched it up with the poker that I found near it. That night sevennight, being Saturday, I was sent for to Mr. Brown's, in Marybone-street, where I found the prisoner; I brought her to my house, and asked her, who was confederate with her; imagining she could not get over the door, without somebody lifting her up. This handkerchief, (producing one) my property, was found upon her; it was taken out of a drawer under the desk, in the bureau. I examined her about the money, she did not deny it; she said, she got over the door very well, by putting the shutter of the street door against it, and getting upon that first. She would not own any body was concern'd with her.


                  William 
                  James 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in Glasshouse-street. The prisoner pledged a table-spoon with me, on the 5th of December, for 4 s. and 6 d. She said she brought it for one Mrs. Hughes, in Swallow-street, and that she was servant to her at the time. (Produced and deposed to by the Prosecutor.)


                  Nathaniel 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in Marybone-street. On the 10th of December, about five in the evening, the prisoner came and brought this table-spoon and strainer to pledge. (Produced and deposed to by Prosecutor.) She wanted 7 s. and 6 d. upon them. She said, she brought them from her mother. I asked her her name, she said it was 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Dane 
               



            , and that her mother lived up one pair of stairs, next door to a tallow-chandler, in Swallow-street, and was a chamber-milliner. I asked her, how her mother came by it? (there was a crest upon it.) She said, it was left to her mother. I said, I suppose you have no objection to my sending my young man along with you to your mother? She said, No. I sent him with her. He soon returned, and brought her with him; and said, when she got to the house, and he knocked at the door, she ran away, and he after her, and took her again. She then went upon her knees, and begged forgiveness, and owned she had taken it; but it was from a relation, that lived at Tower-hill. After that she went on her knees again, and begged me to let her go. I said, I could not let her go, as she had confessed she had stole it. At last we got out of her, that she had lived servant in Vine-street. I sent my man for her mistress when the mistress came, she was surprized to see her stopt upon this occasion; she accused her with the things she brought the week before; and said, this is the way you came by them. Then she went on her knees again to her, and begged to be released. I said, All I can do for you, if you will be ingenuous to tell me who you had them of, is not to charge a constable with you here. It shall be at the option of the person, whether he will charge a constable with you or not. Then she told me she took them from the prosecutor.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.


                  Mary 
                  Watts 
               



            . I have know the prisoner ever since she was nine years old. I never heard any ill of her character before; she has neither father nor mother; she is about seventeen years old.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
