





325. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Swinney 
                  , otherwise 
McSwinney




            , was indicted for 


               stealing two hempen bags, value 2 d. one Jacobus, value 20 s. two silver dollars, and 30 l. in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Plummer 
                  




                
            . May 17
. ++


                  William 
                  Plummer 
               



            . I live within Aldgate


, and am an oil-man
; I found my desk broke open last Friday morning; and my man informed me that the prisoner, (who had lived servant
 with me) came into my shop on Thursday evening, between nine and ten o'clock, and took up a pot and went down and drawed himself some beer, without asking leave; at which time, I have great reason to believe he unbolted the cellar window; and came in at it in the night, and got to my desk: I missed the money mentioned in the indictment out of my desk: On Sunday morning he was taken up, and brought to me; I examined him in my compting-house; he was three parts drunk: he denied the charge: at last I got out of him; he lived in Wapping: he was carried to the compter, and the next morning before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Fludyer 
               



            : upon finding he was not at his lodgings that Thursday night, I got out of him that he was at Mr. Dowdall's, in King's-street, Wapping: I asked him if he staid there all night; he said, he went from thence to a club; but would not say where: I sent my kinsman to enquire, and found he had been at Mr. Breadey's, Montague-street, Whitechapel: and there he found two bags of money; upon which the prisoner was examined again before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Fludyer 
               



            ; there he confessed that when he went into my cellar he 
               
                  drew
               


             some beer, he unbolted two bolts of my cellar window, and in the night got in, and so up into the kitchen; and took the key of the compting-house, and went and unbolted the door, and broke open my desk, and put the money into two bags; which he confessed to be my bags; and carried the money and left it in Mr. Breadey's hands: he begged for mercy, and proposed pleading guilty.
Mr. Breadey. The prisoner was at my house last Saturday night; the first time I ever saw him; he had two bags with money tossing them about the table; there was another man with him; my wife thought the man might be a sharper; she asked him to leave his money till he was sober: he came to me and said, he worked very hard for it, and he intended to go home in a fortnight or three weeks: he put it on the table and reckoned it up; 35 l. 6 s. I observed a bad moidore; afterwards the money was sealed up: upon opening it I found a broad Jacobus; I did not see that; I imagine that was left in the bag, when we counted the money.
Prosecutor. There was in my money a bad moidore, and a broad Jacobus, (the money produced, he takes them in his hand); these I can swear are my property: there are two dollars amongst the money; I know I lost two: I lost a dish full of silver; and here is 19 l. all in silver amongst this: here is a smooth six-pence that has been gilded, which I have had some time.


                  John 
                  Hoy 
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Plummer; yesterday was a week, at night, I was serving a customer; the prisoner came in, and said he was very bad and very dry; he took the pot without leave and went down into the cellar, and returned again in about five or six minutes: I had bolted the cellar window myself about three quarters of an hour before; I heard the prisoner confess he was guilty of the fact.
Prisoner's Defence.
They want to swear my life away upon a piece of money or two, that there is many more like them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
