





362. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Cowen 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two linen table cloths, value 2 s. and one child's slip, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Paise 
                        



                      
                  ; one linen gown, value 2 s. and one stuff petticoat, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Singleton 
                  



                
            , spinster
, May 26
. *


                  Joseph 
                  Paise 
               



            . I live in Shadwell


. The prisoner came to my house, and called for a pennyworth of beer; after some time, she went away, and came again, and called for another: she staid some time, and told us she had a husband that worked somewhere about the gardens; the last I saw of her was between three and four o'clock: my wife sent for me, and told me there were some things missing. When I came, my maid had taken the things mentioned from the prisoner, and put them on the table before her: they told me, she had taken an opportunity to go backwards, and take that bundle. I asked her how she could be guilty of the fact? she said she was very sorry for it.


                  Anne 
                  Singleton 
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Paise. I remember the prisoner being at our house: my mistress and I came into the house together; she at one door, and I at another; I saw the prisoner with these cloaths; she was sitting in a box in the tap-room, (this was about four o'clock) tucking the things up, under her petticoats, and one of my young mistresses hanging sleeves hung down below her cloaths: I took the things from near the ground, under the bottom of her petticoats, (mentioning the things by name); one of the gowns belongs to me, the other things are the property of my master; they were taken from a table in the little parlour; I had seen them there about half an hour before. I asked her how she came to do such a thing? she put her hands together, and cry'd very much, and said, indeed I have not got any thing. I said, for what reason did you take them? she said, she took them for want.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had a pennyworth of beer, the sun was very hot: these things lay there; there was a great beast came in out of the yard, and tumbled them down from the bench: they were in the tap-room when I came in.
Q. to Singleton. What beasts have you belonging to your house?
Singleton. We have none at all.
Q. Were the things fastned under her petticoats?
Singleton. No, they were not.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
