





374. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Andrew
                      M'Daniel
                  , otherwise 
M'Doril




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Scott 
                  




                
            , June 19
. +


                  Charles 
                  Scott 
               



            . I live in the Old Swan Yard, Bishopsgate-street. I lost my watch on Monday was seven-night, about one in the morning, at Castle-street Bagnio, Leicester-fields


. I am a hackney-coachman
, and had a waiting job there from twelve till half an hour after two. I had hung my bags on my horses to let them feed. I shut the door and went to sleep, but the prisoner awaked me by pulling the watch out of my pocket: He turned about, and ran. I jumped out of the coach and followed him. The watchman was crying the hour one. My big coat came between my legs and threw me down. A watchman pursued and he was taken. I know the prisoner is the person that took my watch, for I saw him as I was in the coach. He had a striped waistcoat, and a blue coat on, the same he has on now.


                  Charles 
                  Churchman 
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was going home at the time I saw the prosecutor pursuing. He fell down, but the watchman and I pursued, and I took the prisoner in Vine-street.


                  John 
                  White 
               



            . I picked up the watch where the prisoner fell. I was standing at my own door in Vine-street and saw him fall. He was no sooner down, but Mr. Churchman, who was pursuing, said, Now I have you. He took him, and carried him to the watch-house, and I carried the watch after him. (The watch produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
