





77. (M.) 
               
                  Ann 
                  Read 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted, for 


               stealing one gold ring, val. 10 s 6 d. one pair of silver sleeve buttons, val. 3 s. 6 d. one silver shoe buckle, val. 2 s. one 6 s. 9 d. piece of gold, and 4 s. 6 d. in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Farrand 
                  




                
            , March 20
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Farrand 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar was coming by our door in March last, I cannot tell the exact day, it was in the morning about half an hour after 6 o'clock; she asked me if I would have my fortune told, I said, no; I was opening my windows, she said, there is your sweetheart coming; she told me she had a great deal to tell me for my good; I would have nothing to say to her; I went in and lighted my fire and made my kettle boil, and going out for some sugar I met her again at my door, she said, Young woman I have been home and examined my books, and find there is a great deal of money hid in your house; said I, I do not believe there is; said she, I am no jew, nor no gypsey; I am the 7th daughter of a West India woman, and I wish the d - I may take me alive, and that God may never receive my soul into heaven, if I am not telling you the truth. I was going to shut the door, to shut her out, being frighted, she laid hold, and held the door as I pushed it; she said, but well young woman I am with child, and I wish the child and I may never be parted if I am not telling you the truth. I thought no human person could make such protestations, and wish such wishes to what was false; so I took her in, then she said, there was a captain died and left a great deal of money, and it is in your house; and before she told me, I must tell her what money I had about me; I pulled out some money, she said she knew I had that, but that was not all that I had in my pocket, that I had got there something more either silver or gold; I having broke one of my silver buckles and sent that to be mended, I had the fellow to it in my pocket, I thought then she did know a great deal, I took it out, said she, now is here all. I said, yes it is; she said, do you think you can borrow any thing of your neighbours, for the larger sum you shew me the larger sum you will find; I said, I could not borrow any; then she said, well, child, you must look at me; I shall not hurt you, or take any thing from you, I must touch every thing, or I cannot command the planets; (look at me) it will be a great deal of charity, for by this you will relieve a soul out of purgatory that has been there ever since the last war: what is the ring worth. (Look at me) Thus she kept saying look at me. I said it cost half a guinea; she said, will you be true to me, for if you tell, it will be taken from you, and delivered up to the king; you must give me a fourth part of what you find, pray don't hide it from me. I told her I would give it her. Then she kept me in discourse, you must look at me, and at the same time kept taking away the things from out of my hand, and when she had got them she made off as fast as she could; when she was going off I gave a shriek, nobody heard me till she got out at the shop door, then one of the men came down, and ran up one street and down another but could find nothing of her. About a month or 5 weeks ago I was going to my work in Purple-lane.
Q. What is your business?
E. Farrand. My husband is a cabinet-maker, and I work at the upholstering business. I met her, I was afraid to accuse her, till I was sure it was the same woman; I passed by her, my husband was then in the shop, I called to him to follow me; I followed her, and said, pray, mistress, can you tell fortunes? Yes, said she, who told you I could tell fortunes? I said, I know a person that you did tell her fortune; said she, pray, where is the young woman? I said, in this parlour; said she, tell me where I must come, and I will come, when I have had my breakfast; then I said, it was at that time you took such and such things from me. She began to run; there were several assistance came, and my husband came also, I desired them to call a constable: she threatened to knock me down, and held up her hands to strike me, and said, if she did not do for me then, she would do for me. So I went home. The next morning I was going to my work again, she ran out of the same chandler's shop, she was going to before, I heard her say, O! she is here. My husband was before me. She ran after me, and cuffed me, first on one side of the head, then on the other; I screemed out, and before my husband could come to me, she fastened her hands in my hair, but she got away again. I went to Justice Welch and got a warrant; I found out where she lived; she had lived with a man, but had left him, and now she lived with a blacksmith. That blacksmith desired me to come and talk to her; so I went to her where she was, at the Crown in Chick-lane, one night, there she got about twelve old cloath's women, to make me believe it was not she. There was a gentleman got me out and said he would have me make the best of my way home, for she belonged to such a gang that would kill me. Then another said I had better take her up, for he had heard one of her gang say, she was guilty, for he heard them say where she had pawned the things.
Prisoner's Defence.
This day 5 weeks, as I was going about my business, I met that woman, she charged me with robbing of her 8 months ago. I am an old cloath's woman; I said, do you know what you are about? She went away; I staid at home all day. The next morning I met her again; I said, mistress, are you looking after me? I am not gone out of the way; are you sure I am the woman that robbed you? Said she, you are the woman; I said, here I am, I shall not go away from you. She took and tore my cloak from my back, and brought a man up directly to knock me down. I went away, and she to get a warrant for me; but before that, she said, she would have a guinea from me for what I had done to her. I knowing myself innocent would not give her a farthing. I never saw her before in all the whole course of my life, as God is true. Finding I would not give her a guinea to make it up, they charge me with a robbery. She came to me in Newgate last Wednesday to ask me for a guinea to make it up. I am as innocent as there is a God in heaven; I never saw her with my eyes before, as I hope God shall be my witness.
For the prisoner.


                  Luke 
                  Hollis 
               



            . I was drinking a pint of beer in a public house, where the woman (meaning the prosecutrix) came in, and I understood, there had been a quarrel between them. She said, if she would give her a guinea, she would drop all proceedings, and have no more to do about it. (I say no more than I know.) The prisoner lives just by me. She made answer, it was not in her power to give her a guinea, or any thing like it.
Q. Where was this?
Hollis. This was at the Half-moon in Purple-lane.
Q. to prosecutrix. Was you at that house with the prisoner and made that proposal?
Prosecutrix. I never mentioned such a thing in my life, neither did I ever see the prisoner there in my life, nor did I ever see this witness at the Half-moon in my life.
Q. Was you ever in at the Half-moon with the prisoner?
Prosecutrix. No, I never was in my life.
Q. to Hollis. Are you certain what you have said is true?
Hollis. She made this proposal to 
               
                  Read
               


             the and to the prisoner, that she would take a guinea, if he would give it.
Q. to prosecutrix. Did you make such a proposal to the prisoner's husband?
Prosecutrix. He called to me one day as I was going by, and said, he hoped I would consider and not hurt her. I said, Mr. Read, she has hurt me, for I had the misfortune to hurt my arm in the struggle, and I was out of work about a week. He said, if 4 or 5 s. will make you satisfaction, he would do it. I said, no, Mr. Read, I will do no such thing; I said, my husband had strained his wrist just before, and it lies very hard upon me to prosecute her, and I must be obliged to pawn my cloaths to do it.
Q. Did you tell him, you would make it up for a guinea?
Prosecutrix. No, I did not; I said, my loss was a guinea.
Q. to Hollis. How long have you been acquainted with the prisoner?
Hollis. I never saw her ten times in my life.


                  Mary 
                  Harney 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about 5 years, I never knew any harm by her in my days, she has had pounds of my money.
Q What is your business, and where do you live?
M Harney. I go out a nurse-keeping. I live in Red Cross-street. When the prisoner was taken before the sitting Alderman, the Alderman said to the prosecutrix, did you want to make it up? she said, yes, I did, for a guinea, and I thought my loss little enough for a guinea.


                  Ann 
                  Page 
               



            . I keep an old cloath's shop in Field-lane. I have known her upwards of 3 years, she is a very honest woman as far as ever I heard; I have laid out many a pound with her; she buys and sells old cloaths.
Q. What is her husband's name?
A. Page. I do not know indeed. I know nothing of her only coming backwards and forwards to my shop to sell old cloaths.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Gwyn 
               



            . I am an old cloath's woman. I have known her between 4 and 5 years, I never knew her for one thing nor another, but only a good just woman; she has had pounds of my money in the reverence of business, and always brought a just and tree account.
Q. Is she a married woman?
E. Gwyn. She is
Q. What is her husband's name?
E. Gwyn. He is named Read, but I can't tell his Christian name.
Q How long has she been married?
E. Gwyn. About 3 quarters of a year.
Q. Had she a husband before?
E. Gwyn. She was married to one Risdon before. She lives now in Purple lane.
Q. Is he alive or dead?
E. Gwyn. He is dead I believe; but I can't tell nothing of that.
Q. What countrywoman are you?
E. Gwyn. I come from Birmingham.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
