





44. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burch 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten yards of ribband, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Tulk 
                  




December 8
. *
Sarah Tulk. On the 8th of last month, about seven o'clock in the evening, my maid was gone out, and in about a minute or two after I heard a sort of a bustle in my shop; I went quick upstairs, and at the top of the stairs I met the prisoner at the bar, who held a half-crown to me, and desired I would change it for him. I seeing behind him two other men in the shop, was surprised, and said, I cannot change it, pray go out. He said, pray change it, and held it still towards me, saying, I want to pay these men. The other men said, it is a mean thing if you cannot give change for that. They went out, but the prisoner stood pulling at the ribband, which I saw he had hold of out at the door; they all had pulled at it. I took hold of the prisoner's collar and also of the rib-band, took it out of his hand, called for assistance, and had him secured.
Q. Where was the ribband before he took hold of it?
S. Tulk. It was on a roll, fastened to a line, which was tied to a post.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did you take the ribband from his hand, or from the post?
S. Tulk. I took it from his hand, but part of it was down on the ground in the street.
Q. Was not part of it in the window?
S. Tulk. No.


                  William 
                  Toldervey 
               



            . I was below in the prosecutrix's kitchen when she called out; I ran up and saw her holding the prisoner by the collar: I laid hold of his coat, and pull'd him into the shop. Then we sent for an officer, and took him before justice Fielding.
Q. Did you see the ribband when you took hold the prisoner?

Toldervey. I did; it was all quite loose, and part of it on the ground. When we were before justice Fielding he ordered the people to search the prisoner, and in one of his pockets were found some red herrings, and in another about five or six shillings, in shillings and six-pences.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did you see him take the ribband?
Toldervey. No, I did not; the prosecutrix had detected him before I came up.


                  John 
                  Rederup 
               



            . I live next door to the prosecutrix, and heard the cry of stop thief. I ran out, and saw the ribband lying on the ground; there was the prisoner standing just by it at her door, whom she pulled into her shop.
Q. Did you observe whether all the ribband was on the ground?
Rederup. I saw it lying by the post out at the door, but whether the end of it was fast within the shop, I cannot say.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did he make any resistance?
Rederup. No, he did not, but went into the house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was in liquor, and knew nothing of it: I did not think of the least harm in the world.
For the Prisoner.


                  Richard 
                  Peak 
               



            . I have known the prisoner twenty five or twenty-six years.
Q. What is his general character?
Peak. He is as honest a man as ever I knew; he lives in Bell Yard, where I have lived nine years, and have had dealings with him.


                  James 
                  Blacket 
               



            . I have known him twenty years.
Q. What has been his behaviour?
Blacket. He is a very honest, pains-taking man.
Q. What is his business?
Blacket. He is a smith, and rents a little house of about five or six pounds a year.


                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            . I have known him eight years, and he has a very good character; I never heard any thing to the contrary. He has dealt with me three years, and he has always paid me honestly.


                  John 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I have known him sixteen or seventeen years.
Q. What is his character?
Reynolds. He is a very honest man as far as I know; he works hard to support his family.


                  Gibins 
                  Pembrook 
               



            . I have known him about eight years, and he is a very sober, honest, labouring man, as any in Whitechapel: He has two children, and his wife ready to lie-in again.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


