





328. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Erovselle 
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Robert Cowan 
                           Kellet 
                        




                     
                  , on the 27th of April
, about one in the night, and stealing two dozen of silver table-spoons, value 6 l. twelve silver desert spoons, value 18 s. nine silver tea-spoons, value 9 s. three silver waiters, value 15 l. one silver tea-kettle and lamp, value 15 l. one silver soup spoon, value 10 s. one silver marrow spoon, value 20. six silver candlesticks, value 12 l. one other candlestick, value 10 s. two silver half pint mugs, value 40 s. one silver rummer, value 5 s. one silver pan for snuffers, value 20 s. six silver salt-sellers, value 20 s. four silver salt-spoons, value 4 s. two silver salt-shovels, value 2 s. one white metal candlestick, extinguisher and snuffers, value 5 s. twelve linen shirts, value 3 l. thirty linen stocks, value 15 s. one silk handkerchief, value 4 s. one razor, hone, and strap in a shagreen case, value 2 s. a pair of leather breeches, value 10 s. one pair of steel buckles for boots, value 6 d. and one iron key, value 2 d. the property of the said Robert, in his dwelling-house
            . +
The prisoner being a foreigner
 was at his request tried by a jury of half foreigners; and not understanding English, and Interpreter was sworn.


                  Robert Cowan 
                  Kellet 
               



            . I live in Crutched-Friers


. On Friday morning the 28th of April, about seven o'clock in the morning, one of my servants came and told me my house had been broke open. Then she went down and came again, and specified that most part of my plate was gone. It used to be kept in a two pair-of-stairs room, except a silver coffee-pot that was lying in one corner of the room. I got up and went down stairs. I saw in the passage the entrance from the street door. I saw the bags lying in which the plate used to be kept, and likewise a great coat of mine lying by. There were two candles there, but they had gone out. The wainscot was burnt in two places. They had been set against the wainscot. I then went into the fore-parlour, and observed one of the window curtains was partly cut down; then I went into the back-parlour, and observed some things had been taken from thence; and from a room behind that they had taken some things. All the doors were open. Then I went down into the kitchen, and found the dresser had been on fire, and a place on it burned bigger than my hat. There were the remains of a mahogany bottle-stand, some writing-paper, and a mahogany tray, partly burned. I found my kitchen, window broke; they had wrenched out the staple of the iron bar, that keys within-side, and forced the window open, and so got in at the casement. In a closet by the kitchen fire there was a wooden box, in which were some wax and paper; they had attempted to set that on fire. I found part of a candle in it. My servant told me there was some linen lost. I found there was some lay tumbled about the room. I went to my attorney, and as soon as I could to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            . He immediately ordered out handbills, and I paid for two advertisements. On the Tuesday following, my servant came to Hackney, and informed me part of my plate was found. I came to town, and went to the place where the plate was said to be; there it was produced by 
               
                  James 
                  Doniland 
               



            , the constable. He informed me the plate was stopped the night before by 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Solomon 
               



            , a Jew. I sent for my footman, who was better acquainted with it than I was (but some of it I could swear to) and he swore that plate was my property. I was told the prisoner had been in custody that night, but had made his escape out of the back door. Then I went to Sir John again, and he ordered bills to be distributed about to Hackney-coachmen, with a guinea reward. On the evening following, the constable came and told me he had got the prisoner again. I went and saw him in the watch-house on Tower-hill. We took him to Sir John, who committed him to New Prison. The next day I went with a friend that understood French to him in prison. I there saw the prisoner had on a ruffled shirt and stock of mine. They were striped muslin ruffles, with the them worked with a little ornament; he had likewise a pair of my silk stockings on, and a pair of my buckles. We had conversation with him for near two hours. I examined the marks on my stock and shirt. He told my friend in French, that they were my property, as my friend told me, for I cannot speak the language. He told us his lodgings were at the Cock and Bottle, at the corner of Green Lettice-lane, Cannon-street; and that in a locker in the window, which was locked, I should find my linen, as also that I should find a box of tools to deface the marks in plate. I took a search-warrant from my Lord Mayor, and went. I found his chamber door locked. I got a smith to break it open. I then had the locker broke open; there I found my linen. I had the closet door broke open; there I found the largest claw-hammer that ever I saw; and a very large knife, such as butchers kill hogs with, and a box of tools. I found a razor case, with a razor, hone and strap, my property. We examined his clothes, and in (I think it was) the side pocket of his breeches there was a very long and strong picklock; and in another pocket (I think the waistcoat pocket) I found the key of my compting-house. I found also a pair of new leather breeches which I had missed; and a pair of steel buckles that belonged to the straps of my boots. These things are all in the custody of the constable here. He acknowledged his having erased all my arms out upon the plate.
Q. Did you understand him?
Prosecutor. No; my friend asked him questions, and when the prisoner answered, my friend told me in English. Sir John examined him on the Friday after, when he was committed to Newgate.


                  Hugh 
                  Randall 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. On the 28th of April, when I came down stairs in the morning, about seven o'clock, I found the house had been broke open. I was called down by my fellow-servant, who had opened one of the windows, and found the house all of a smoak. I went down into the kitchen, and found the dresser all on fire, which I put out as soon as I could. Then I examined the kitchen-window, which I found had been broke open, by wrenching the bar and staple. The casement was open. My fellow servant and I observed there had been the mark of a foot upon a very small piece of a brick, which had pressed it to a powder. We found there had been fire set to a box in a closet in the kitchen, which had burned a great hole in it. Going up stairs, I found the bags that the plate usually were put in, with master's great coat lying by, and two wax candles, which had been lighted, lying by the wainscot in the parlour. They had cut down part of one of the curtains. We examined all the knife cases for spoons, which I knew I had put down the night before; they were then left all up; they had opened and examined every thing in the room. I missed all the plate but the coffee-pot. Then I went and acquainted my master with it. I had locked the street door and bolted it, and put the chain up; and a door that goes out into the area over night, and I found both had been opened, when I came down. The clock struck twelve just as I got into my room, when my master sent for me to see the plate. I chose out his plate from other plate, and swore to it. Spoons, waiters, a large rummer, snuffer pan, mugs and several things. I am very well acquainted with the plate, having had the care of it a great while. I saw a pair of yellow metal buckles in the prisoner's shoes; I know them to be my master's property, having cleaned them several times. The razor-case I know to be my master's property; but there were not all that was lost.


                  Ann 
                  Watson 
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Kellet. I came down stairs that morning at seven. I found the house on fire, and saw the things lying about. I went and called my fellow-servant. We found the house had been set on fire in two places. The shutter to the kitchen window was broke open, and all the plate gone, except the coffee-pot that was left on the floor where the rest were taken from. I had fastened that window over night. My fellow-servant, 
               
                  Martha 
                  Pearson 
               



            , had put the plate into two bags, which was for the purpose of the creditors, as my master became a bankrupt before this happened.


                  William 
                  Waters 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Kellet. The maid called me down. I found the house all of a smoak.
Q. Do you know any thing more than what your fellow-servants have said?
Waters. No; I do not.


                  John 
                  Galately 
               



            . On Friday was sev'nnight, about eight in the evening, I was in my lodgings. There came Solomon, a Jew, up stairs, and asked Mr. Pelthorp, who was with me, where he could find a constable. He recommended him to one; in about a quarter of an hour, he come down with the prisoner and about four Jews. Solomon, said I, What are you going to do? This man seems to be well dressed, he cautious. Solomon lodges at Mr. Pelthorp's house. I said, I understand a little French, give me leave to ask him a few questions. I asked him what country he was of. He said from Paris. I asked what business. He said no business. He was, as I understood, an attorney. I asked him how long he had been in England. He said about twelve days. I asked him where he lodged. He told me in a street behind the Royal Exchange; but did not know the name of it. I told him, he being an utter stranger in this country, I would show him as much friendship as possible; and if he could bring two or three gentlemen to be bound for his appearance, I dare say he might be let go. There was a bag of plate which he had brought. I opened it, and saw that the arms were all erased out; which gave me a suspicion that it was stolen. I asked him whether it was his private property, or whether he had lent any money upon it, or whether he dealt in plate and had bought it. He told me, he had lent a Frenchman that came from Paris, that he knew, an hundred pounds upon it. I asked him whether that was at his lodgings, or at the Frenchman's lodgings. He told me, he had lent it him in St. James's Park. I sent for a gentleman that lives next door but one; he saw the plate. I tied it up, and delivered it into his care. The prisoner said, Solomon had offered him sixty-two guineas for it. The constable said, he must take Solomon in charge as well as the prisoner. Solomon asked the landlord if he would be bail for him. In a little time he said he would. The prisoner asked for a little water to drink. He went backwards, and out at the back-door, and ran away. He was retaken on the Wednesday in the afternoon by the constable. Then I searched him, and took a flat candlestick and snuffers out of his pocket, in the watch-house by the Victualling-office. I believe they are white metal, what they call tooth and egg. I took a gold watch from him, which I delivered to my Lord Mayor, and two pair of silver buckles, one knee-buckle and four keys. None of them belonged to the prosecutor but the candlestick.


                  Isaac 
                  Solomon 
               



            . 
               
                  Moses 
                  Emanuel 
               



             brought the prisoner to my house last Monday was a week. The prisoner asked me if I would buy some plate. I asked him if he had it in his pocket. He said, No; but he would go and fetch it. He desired me to give him a direction where to meet with me. I gave him a direction to the Holy Lamb, Cruchet-Fryers. He came there in an hour's time, in a coach. I went out to him. He said, he would not come into the public-house, but he would go along with me to my house. When he came to my lodging, he had a bag of silver, which he put upon the table. I asked him the price, he said he could not tell till he had weighed it. He would have me go and fetch scales to weigh it.
Q. In what language did you speak to him?
Solomon. In the French language, I was born in France. I borrowed a pair of scales and weights. The plate weighed sixteen pounds weight, sixteen ounces to the pound. I asked him the price. He asked four guineas a pound for it. I offered him three guineas and a half a pound. I agreed for sixty-two guineas for the whole. I said, I would go and fetch the money. I saw the names were all filed out. I told the other Jews with me, in our language, to take care of him while I fetched a constable. The prisoner suspected something, he desired me to stay, and said, if I had not the money in my pocket, he would take my note for the whole tote. I said, I have no occasion to be trusted, I would go and fetch the money. I went and got a constable. We went and took him in my room, and brought him into the shop where I work. We went for paper to seal the plate up, and in the mean time the prisoner made his escape out at the back-door. The constable took the plate, and carried it to the parish-officer; there it lay all night.


                  Moses 
                  Emanuel 
               



            . I met the prisoner in Leaden-Hall-street on Monday, I believe, the 1st of May. He asked me if I was a Jew. He said he came from France, and had all forts of things to fell, if I would buy them. He spoke French, which I did not much understand. I said I had a friend that could speak French well. Then I took him to Mr. Solomon. He had nothing then about him.
Mr. Fishioe. Mr. Kellet desired me to go and speak to the prisoner, as I understood the French language. I went with Mr. Kellet to New-Prison, Clerkenwell, where I asked him many questions.
Q. Did you enquire of him where he lodged?
Fishioe. I did. He told me he lodged in Cannon-Street, at the Cock and Bottle, at the corner of Green Lattice-Lane.


                  Charles 
                  Walker 
               



            . I am constable. I went to search for the things along with Mr. Kellet at the prisoner's lodgings, at the Cock and Bottle, Green Latice-Lane. It is a public house. We enquired for the room he lodged in. The woman of the house went up and showed us. The door was locked. We went for a blacksmith, who opened it with a chissel. Then he opened the window-seat. The first thing we pulled out was this handkerchief, (producing a silk handkerchief ) which Mr. Kellet owned, and eleven shirts with his name on every one of them, and about twenty-six or twenty-seven stocks, a pair of buckskin breeches, a pair of under-stockings, and a pick-lock. We found a key in his coat pocket, and another in his waistcoat. I went with Mr. Kellet, and found one of them would open his compting-house. I found a large new claw hammer, a handle of a chissel, a chissel, a razor-case, hone, and strap; and the woman of the house delivered a parcel of tools to me a day or two after. (All produced in Court; some of the tools proper to take out engraving, &c.)
Prosecutor. I can swear to the shirts, stocks, razor-case, and breeches; the latter being remarkable, having three buttons on the waisthand: the handkerchief I believe to be mine, but will not swear positively to it. We have two keys to my compting-house, that used to hang upon a nail; one of them has been missing from that night. This key here produced I believe to be the same; it fits the lock, and the wards are the same as the other.


                  Sarah 
                  Grose 
               



            . My husband keeps the Cock and Bottle, the corner of Green Lattice-Lane. The prisoner lodged there. I believe he had lodged there about twelve days. The gentleman came to search for things in the prisoner's room. He shewed me a shirt that he had on, that corresponded with the marks of the shirts he found in the prisoner's room. Nobody but the prisoner kept the key of his room. I was in the room after they had searched, and in a box in the closet I found these tools, ( here produced) which I delivered to the constable.
Q. Do you know where the prisoner was on the 26th of April, at night.
S. Grose. That I cannot tell. Sometimes he came home at nine or ten at night, and sometimes he used to be out all night, and come home in the morning about six o'clock. He lay out several nights. He always locked the door when he went out. I had been but a fortnight in the house. He was recommended to us by the person that went out when we came in.


                  James 
                  Doniland 
               



            . I was headborough in Aldgate parish. There came a Jew to my house on the 1st of May, about eight o'clock, and told me there was a man at his apartment that he believed had got some stolen plate. What! said I, could you not buy it cheap enough? I did not like to trust myself among a parcel of Jews alone. I said, Lay down a shilling for a man, and I will get somebody to go along with you. We went to his apartment. The plate was put in a sack. The Jew gave charge of the prisoner. The prisoner wanted a little water. He went out backwards. I had never been in the house before. He got out out at a back door, and got off. Two days after, in the evening, I was going upon other business, and met him in the Strand, and took him again. I put him in the watch-house. I lodged the plate in the house of Mr. Hust for the Monday night, and seeing it advertised, we went with it to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, and there was the prosecutor, who owned it. (A large quantity of plate, most part of what is laid in the indictment, produced in Court)
Doniland. This is the plate which was delivered into charge by the Jew.


                  Hugh 
                  Randall 
               



             takes up several of them, and deposed to them as the prosecutor's property by marks and bruises that he had before observed upon them.
Prisoner. I cannot make my defence of my own head directly, but beg leave to read the extract I have prepared. (He reads, which the interpreter spoke in English after him.)
Prisoner's Defence.
Being ignorant of the custom and manner of trade, and the laws of this country, I am extremely at a loss to know how to make my defence, yet I will begin, by your leave; though indeed I am very ill, and that makes it more out of my power to make it in the manner it should be if I was in another situation. The effects found in my possession I had of two gentlemen, the one named Boiae, and the other St. Mate. I fought for some gentlemen of my own country, that could speak French; and I was told. if I took a walk in St. James's Park, I should find enough. I went there, and met with these two gentlemen, who had been a long time in England, and who have made me the tool of their villainy. I arrived in England on the 12th of April last, at ten in the evening; and these two gentlemen having met me in the Park, they asked me if I was a Frenchman, and if I would give them leave to take a walk with me; which I accepted with pleasure. They looked genteel, and I opened myself very freely to them in our conversation. We knew one another, having seen each other at Paris, which endeared them more to me, and I made some indiscreet confessions, such as my having French money about me, which I had not converted, or changed. I asked them where I could get guineas for Louis d'ors; they promised to serve me on that occasion, telling me I should not be uneasy about it; which I accepted with pleasure. They seeing I could not speak the language here, and that I was unacquainted with the custom of the country, it appears they resolved from that moment to make me the victim of their misconduct. They engaged me to dine with them, but I cannot tell where, yet I can describe whereabouts, because I have very often lost myself in London, from not knowing the streets. As I was at dinner they offered me to accept two bills for my French money, amounting together to the sum of two thousand six hundred livers, provided I would give them the value of them in cash; they being upon their departure for France, and were only detained in London by the trouble they were in to finish their business immediately to pay their debts. These gentlemen said it would thereby do me a great service, and do themselves a great benefit, because I should change my money without losing any thing, if I would comply with their request. I refused that offer, because the bills were wrote in English, and I knew nothing of it; and farther, as they were going to depart soon, I did not know where I could get my record against the indorsers, in case they should not be paid when due; upon this they did not insist upon it any more. When dinner was ended, they offered me to go to the play, which I refused, saying, if I went there, I should be late in the night, and was not well, and that I rather chose to go home than lose myself in the streets of London. I told them where I lodged, and gave them directions on a bit of paper, which I had wrote before, and kept in order to find my way where-ever I should go. They brought me back part of the way. I parted with them desi ring them not to come farther, but to come and breakfast with me as often as they pleased. The Sunday following I went out, and took a round in the Park. I met one of them about Charing-Cross: he asked me where I was going; I said to the Park. He told me a place near the King's palace, where he would meet me about two in the afternoon, with the other gentleman. I said I should be glad to see him. He said they had something interesting to tell me. We parted, and I waited for them till about four in the afternoon in the Park, but did not see them. I was some time after without hearing of them, but about ten or twelve days after I met one of them upon the Change. I told him I met him apropos, and was extremely glad to see him. He desired me to go to his house, having something to tell me. He brought me into a small public garden, near the Royal Exchange; I cannot recollect the name; he there renewed this to me, and told me his distress, which moved me extremely, as being of the same country. He said, Since you will not accept our bills, and will not trust us, we will make you another proposal, which I am certain you will agree to. They asked me the sum of two thousand two hundred livres, which makes ninety-two Louis d'ors, and said they would give me effects to the value at least of that sum, and which I might dispose of the day after to-morrow, as any thing belonging to me, in case they did not remit me the money which they had promised they would do: but they said they must have money, else they were in the most imminent danger of being arrested, and brought to prison for debt. They insisted upon it; that their departure for France was extremely necessary to be soon; and that a delay was very disadvantageous to them. I asked them what goods they were; they told me it was plate, and golden buckles; that they were not goods for gentlemen, as they were not real gold; and that they had got linen and other effects. I promised them to do all that was in my power to oblige them, and if the effects were worth that sum, I would take them. Having passed my word, I gave them directly on account twelve Louis d'ors, which they told me they wanted immediately: the same evening they came to my lodging, and agreed to bring me all these effects at seven in the morning, which they did by the time appointed. I was at the door in my bed-gown: they came loaded with the plate and linen, and delivered them to me. I desired them to come up into my room, which they refused: they asked me for eighty Louis d'ors, which was the remainder of the sum we agreed for. One of them was going to settle the affair, the other went to fetch scales to weigh the plate, and said he would come back. I took the sack and bag into my room under my bed-gown at two turns, and delivered them the money. I waited a long time for the scales, but heard no more of him. At twelve o'clock I began to be very uneasy. Then I opened the sack, and found the plate in it; the same that has been found in my possession. I was not less surprised to find in the other bag linen, wearing apparel, and things which I did not expect. I discovered a key, which I took and put into my pocket, being resolved to remit that to them, the next time I should see them, because I thought it belonged to them. I found in the bottom of the bag, files, a hammer, and other tools that have been produced here. The disappearing of these people made me reflect bitterly upon my imprudence. I saw I had been deceived. From that very moment I sought an occasion of getting rid of these effects, which I would not keep in my possession, suspecting them, particularly as the plate was defaced, I did not know whether it was of the English stamp or French, or what sort of plate it was. I took two spoons, in order to shew to a silvermith, which I did, and asked him if they were of the English stamp or not, without telling him I had a great quantity. I told him it was only for his advice, and that I suspected something, as the arms were defaced. In the conversation, I asked the man, who could talk French, in what manner I could get rid of such plate; he replied, The only way was to sell it among the Jews; they were the only men that could make such bargains. Having lost ninety-two guineas, made me think the best way to recover myself as much as possible was to sell it. The next day I saw a man that looked like a Jew; he asked me if I wanted to buy some stockings. I refused. On the Monday following I met the man again upon the Change, when we agreed that he should sell this plate. He shewed me a public house where I might find him. I took coach and brought it to him; he offered me a bill of three hundred and odd livers upon Paris for that plate. After he had weighted the plate, he told me he was going to fetch the money. He was a long time before he came back, and left me with other Jews. When he returned, I was much surprised when he told me he wanted to arrest me. All this was to frighten me, to get possession of the plate. I made some difficulty to go with them, for if there was any suspicion about it, I thought I should be arrested. They told me there was no other way of getting rid of the affair, than to accept a bill of three hundred livers upon Paris, and they would take the plate upon themselves. Then they proposed to pay me forty guineas at eight days, after they had sold the plate, which they could not do in this city. All these proposals seemed unreasonable, and I rejected them. Then they wanted a constable. I did not know the meaning of it; I was frighted; I looked upon the whole as an artifice of deception. There came a gentleman, who has appeared here with a stick, who told me I must go with him, which I accepted. They had a great many people in the house; they all spoke English, so I could not understand what they said. I began to be frighted; I went out at the back-door, which stood half-open. I took care to run; for I thought I had nothing to fear, but to lose the silver and the money I had given upon it, which these people were willing to appropriate to themselves. I did not look upon myself as a criminal. I remained in London in the greatest security, and I was arrested in one of the popular streets in London, the Strand, and brought into a place where I was exposed to the insults of the most depraved mob. All my defence I had to write yesterday night, because I have been teased and vexed every day by people that came by way of giving me advice. I will not take upon me to say my prosecutor was to blame, but I believe these things were contrived among the Jews. At last I have discovered that these people were all Jews. They would come and say they wished me joy, that I should not be judged this sessions, I should be next sessions, in order to bring me to trial without defence or assistance.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann 
                  Fiogg 
               



            . I live in Guernsey. I have seen the prisoner several times walking about in the town there. On the 9th of April, I failed for England; he happened to be on board with me. He being a stranger, we landed at Southampton. He asked me how I should come to London; I told him in the coach. He took a place in the same. When we were on Hounslow-heath, a lady said there were not so many robberies there as usual; but a person said there had been many robberies committed there. The prisoner said, he had but a few guineas in his pocket, but should be very sorry to lose his gold watch and ring. I understood he had some value in his portmanteau. When we came to town, he said he had been at Paris with Mr. Lynch's son, and he was come here for a month or six weeks to see London. I had two of my brothers came to meet me at the inn, where we arrived on the 12th of April. We took him in the coach with us, and my brother conducted him to the Cock and Bottle, where he lodged. I knew nothing of him before, only by seeing him in the street in Guernsey.


                  John 
                  Fiogg 
               



            . I am brother to the last witness. On Wednesday, the 12th of April, I went to the coach to meet my sister, my father having received a letter from her, dated from Southampton. The prisoner was at the inn; he got into the coach and came with us. After I left my sister, I went with him to the Cock and Bottle. I told the people I knew no more of him than that he came in the coach with my sister; that he looked like a gentleman; and my sister told me he behaved as such in the journey. Mrs. Wilson lived then in the house. Mr. Grose was not come into the house then.


                  John 
                  St 
               



            . Croix. I am a native of Guernsey. The prisoner and I landed out of two different boats at Southampton. I never saw him before; this was on the 10th of April. I came up in the same coach with the young lady and he. I happened to be at the Captain's when he came to pay for his passage; he said, he had no guineas, nor no silver; therefore he offered Louis d'ors. When we came to Hounslow-heath, there was some talk about highwaymen; he seemed to be startled, and said, Will they meddle with my portmanteau? He said he did not matter, if they meddled with nothing but what he had upon him. I never saw him from that time till this morning.


                  Thomas 
                  Lynch 
               



            . My father is a merchant. I am with him. I knew the prisoner about three years ago in Paris, and was particularly acquainted with him there about a year. His family are in a very good way; his father is a man of fortune. He was brought up a gentleman, and always appeared so. I left that academy between two and three years, and have not seen him since, till in London. I take him to be between twenty and twenty-one years of age. He has been to see me in town, and dined with me six or seven times.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
See the trials of two foreigners. Antenreith, No. 84, in Mr. Alderman Beckford's, and Martin, No. 13, in this Mayoralty.
