





41. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Solomon 
                     Bareau 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Miles 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Nov. 9
. *


                  William 
                  Miles 
               



            . On Lord Mayor's day, I was at the corner of St. Paul's church yard


, about half an hour past three. As my Lord Mayor was coming by the corner there was a stoppage that I could not get along. (I was going to Fleet-street.) The prisoner was facing me. I observed he was looking at what he could get instead of looking at the people as they came by. He snatched hold of my watch chain and got my watch out; I got hold of his arm, and said, D - n you, you rascal, you have got my watch; I clapped my hand behind him, intending to get hold of my watch: some of his confederates behind him, I imagine, took it. It was gone: then he opened his bosom, and said, Search me. I took him by the collar and drawed him down towards the Old Bailey, and called constable, but could get none. I took him to Bridewell. There was a woman that appeared before my Lord Mayor when we were there, that swore she saw the prisoner draw my watch out of my pocket. I went to her last Friday, there were two Jews, who, I imagine, have inviegled her not to appear. (The prisoner is a Jew.) I had looked at my watch coming along Cheapside, but a few minutes before.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was seeing my Lord Mayor going by; the man said he had lost his watch; I told him I lived in Shoemakers-Row, and was a very honest young fellow. He searched me, I had no watch about me.
He called 
               
                  Aaron 
                  Aaron 
               



            , 
               
                  Phoebe 
                  Moses 
               



            , 
               
                  Mary 
                  Daniel 
               



            , 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Abisham 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Cordwell 
               



            , who said they had had dealings with him, and found him honest.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
