





52. (M.) 
               
                  Jos 
                  Pisance 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing part of a movement of a watch, consisting of a frame, brass wheels, cook, and slide, value 20 s. and some part of another watch movement, &c. value 5 s. and an enamelled dial-plate belonging to a watch
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fradsham 
                  




               
            , Dec. 4
. ++


                  William 
                  Fradsham 
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and live in King's-street, near Red-lion-square. On Sunday night last a terrible fire happened; it stopt at the next house to me; we had our goods removed. The next morning a person came and told me I had lost many things, parts of watches. He told me of two persons who had robbed me, and where they were. I found them (the prisoner and evidence) at the coach and horses in Newtoner's-lane. I took them both before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; the prisoner was searched there by the constable; in his pocket was found parts of two watches, the same as laid in the indictment. I was informed some things were carried down below Tower-hill. There I found a jewel watch was stopped at Mr. 
               
                  Martin 
                  Dohoo 
               



            's, a watchmaker, at the Dial, St. Catharine's-dock, near the Tower; the evidence went with us to shew us. There was the guts of a watch, named Graham; part of another watch not finished. These I have not laid in the indictment (I only laid the things found upon the prisoner). I know them all to be my property, and they correspond with the rest of the work, and the numbers agree with the box; one is engraved with my own name, which was found in the prisoner's pocket; the prisoner said he found them. (The things produced and deposed to.)
Labodea. I am a Sardinian. The prisoner is an Italian; he was in the house at the time of the fire, and took two parts of watches in two chip boxes, and we went to offer them to sale down below Tower-hill; the watchmaker stopped them, and bid me go for the owner.
Prosecutor. The man that stopped them is named 
               
                  John 
                  Andrews 
               



            , servant to Mr. Dohoo.


                  William 
                  Halliburton 
               



            . I went with the prosecutor to serve the warrant upon the prisoner at Newtoner's-lane. I brought him to Sir J. Fielding's. There I searched him, and found these things upon him; the prosecutor's name is upon one of them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to the fire, and found them two boxes near the house; the boy with me, said, Will you go and sell them? I said, no, I shall a hole if I do. Said he, keep them in your pocket, I did. And in the morning, said he, Will you give them to me, and I'll go and sell them? I know where to sell them. Said he, Do not you go, they will stop you. After that he came and said, he had been to the watchmaker, and they had stopped them. I was a servant to a captain, and have been in London about a year.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
