






427. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Erkenn 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four silver tea spoons, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Fitzpatrick 
                  




                
            , August 24
. *


                  Thomas 
                  James 
               



            . I am a fruiterer, and live in Tottenham-court-road. I heard the cry, stop thief, on the 24th of 
               
                  August.
               


             I was in the field: Mr. Fitzpatrick's maid called and said that man had taken something from the beauffet; the prisoner was alone, running; I ran after him, over-took him, and brought him back; 
               
                  John 
                  Wakeman 
               



             was then coming cross the fields. When we got within fifty or sixty yards of him, he called to me, and said there was something; there was some boggy ground between us: I said, if there is any thing, pick it up. Upon that, he put his hand down, and at four several times, brought up four silver spoons: we brought the prisoner and them to Mrs. Fitzpatrick, and she owned the spoons: we took the prisoner before Justice Welch, and he committed him. Mr. Welch asked him what was the reason of his running? he said, that he and I were running for apples.


                  John 
                  Wakeman 
               



            . I was coming cross the fields at that time; I saw Mr. James running after the prisoner in the field, and heard Mrs. Fitzpatrick's maid call Stop thief; I saw the prisoner stoop, and drop something; I kept my eye upon the place, and went to it, where I saw the handle of a spoon, not quite covered; I pick'd up four: (Produced in court); marked P. H. S. The rest as the former witness.


                  Susannah 
                  Yarman 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Fitzpatrick, who lives near Statute Hall, Tottenham-court-road. On Saturday the 24th of August, I met the prisoner coming out of my mistress's parlour; I missed the spoons, and went out, and called Stop thief; he ran cross the fields; Mr. James ran, and he and the other witness brought him back. These spoons are my mistress's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to see the cricket-playing in the fields; I went up to this girl's door, and asked for a halfpennyworth of apples; she said, they did not sell apples; then I went into the fields. Mr. James was running; he said, Stop stop; I said, What must I stop for? he said, you must go back again. I was willing to go back with him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
