






31. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Carrol 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a stone dish, value 1 s. four pounds weight of butter, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Shepherd 
                        



                     
                  , and ten linen handkerchiefs, value 10 s.
             the property of a person unknown, November 18

. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . I live at No.41, in Tower-street



, and am a cheesemonger
. On the 18th of last Month, in the evening, between seven and eight o'clock, I saw an arm put in round the post, at the door. It took out a dish with four pounds of butter in it, I persued; the evening being dark, I lost sight of the man. I called, Stop Thief! he dropped the dish and butter in the road, and by the fall of it, I knew which course he went; I went past the dish; the prisoner was stopped at the end of Tower street. I cannot swear he is the man, only by his being running. We brought him back to the shop; going out again at the door I picked up two handkerchiefs, and carried them in; then I went to the dish; there lay three more; then I went and got a constable and search'd him, and found four more upon him, and there was another brought which he was seen to drop when he was taken, which, together, make ten. He had on a kind of blue jacket, and I thought arm, which was put in at the door, appeared to the be blue; but it was in and out very quick.
Thomas Hill. On the 18th of last month, as I was coming out of Thames-street. I heard the cry, Stop thief! I made a full stop, and saw the prisoner running towards me. I saw no foul in the street but him.
Q. How near you was he, when you saw him at first?
Hill. Not twenty yards, I believe.
Q. How far is that from Mr. Shepherd's house?
Hill. I believe it is about a hundred yards distant from the place I took the prisoner; he was running so swift, that when I catched hold of him, it brought me almost round. My brother was with me, and he directly took hold of him. We brought him back to Mr. Shepherd's house. When the constable came, he had four handkerchiefs in his right hand. There was one picked up in Tower-street. A man there said he saw him drop it.


                  Thomas 
                  Parting 
               



            . I am an officer; I was sent for; I examined the prisoner's pockets; he had four handkerchiefs, which I took from him, the others were delivered to me; here are ten in all.
(Produced in court.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a weaver by trade. I was running along Tower-Street, when this man charged me with stealing some butter. I was running along to make the best of my way to Limehouse. I never meddled with the butter; I kicked four handkerchiefs before me, and then I took them up.



               Guilty
            .
(M.) He was a second time time indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           White 
                        



                     
                  , on the 2d of December

, about the hour of seven in the Night, and stealing a pair of stays, value 25 s. a cotton gown, a child's camlet gown, and a linen apron, the property of the said Richard, in his dwelling house
            . +


                  Mary 
                  White 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Richard 
                  White 
               



            ; we live at John's-hill, Ratcliff-highway



; we have one room in widow Langley's house; there are but two rooms in the house: she lives in the lower room, and we in that above. We rent our room of her. I went out last Saturday night, between six and seven, to get a bit of something for Sunday's dinner; when I came back again there was a great hubbub at the bottom of the hill.
Q. How long had you been gone out?


                  Mary 
                  White 
               



            . I had not been gone above a quarter of an hour. They were bringing the prisoner along, and they had got the things mentioned in the indictment.


                  James 
                  Ewer 
               



            , Mr. Sturges came to my master's, I was lighting him out at the door, and, by the light of the candle. I saw something lying white; he picked up a pair of stays, I put the candle down, and took up a white apron. I looked up to Mr. White's window, and saw a man coming to the window with things ready to throw out. When I spoke he drew back, we then went up, and finding the door fast, we broke it open, and there we took the prisoner.
Q. Was the door locked on the outside or inside?
Ewer. It was locked on the inside. (The things produced and deposed to.)


                  Robert 
                  Sturges 
               



            . I had borrowed a newspaper of this evidence's master; I carried it home; going down the hill I met Mrs. White. 
               
                  James 
                  Ewer 
               



             came to the door to light me out. I saw what then I thought to be papers lying under Mrs. White's window; I went and found it to be a pair of stays, and Ewer took up a white apron; he looked up to Mrs. White's window, and said, Here are thieves in her room. I ordered a person to see they did not get out at the window; and I and Ewer went up. The prisoner had fastened the door. Ewer put his back to the door and bursted it open. We found the prisoner had put himself close up by a closet: we took him in custody. I took up a gown and slip also under the window. Mrs. White swore to the things.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming along; two fellows took my hat, and chucked it in at the window; I went up to get it; and they came up and catched me in the room.
Sturges. When we took him, he said he was drunk, and got in to sleep.
Q. to Mrs. White. How do you think he got into your room?
Mrs. White. There was a pane broke, by which means he could open the window. I suppose he got in at the window.
Ewer. The window is ten feet high from the ground.




               Guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 


               T
            .
