





130. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Towers 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one worsted purse, value 1 d. one guinea, three half guineas, and 15 s. 6 d. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Cleland 
                  




                
            , widow
, February 11
. +


                  Ann 
                  Cleland 
               



            . I keep a public-house
, at Windmill-hill, Moor-fields


. On Sunday was se'nnight, between four and five in the morning, I heard my curtain-rings to my bed rattle; I cry'd out, Who is in the room? and put my hand to the curtain, and found there was some substance by my bedside. I heard my gold rattle in a little iron box, that I keep in my purse, which I had laid under my head, when I went to bed: I lay still, and it was about half an hour before I could hear anybody stir in the room again; then I heard the door move (I burn a lamp in my room, but that was out; whether the prisoner put it out or not, I know not) at the door opening, the dog barked below: then I rang the bell; my servant called, What is the matter? I said, there is somebody in the house: they came down, and they took the prisoner. When they got a light, I asked him what he had done with my purse? he said, he had not got it; I sent for a constable; then he said the purse was in my room; I was then below. The constable went up, and brought my purse down; there was a guinea, three half guineas, and 15 s. 6 d. in it, my property. The prisoner is a drummer, that had been quartered in my house, but not since Christmas. He said, he had been at Islington, and the D - I bewitched him, and he thought he would rob my house that night.


                  John 
                  Comings 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutrix. She rang the bell; I came down, and found the prisoner on the stairs: when my mistress charged him with stealing her purse, he at first denied it; but at last, said, he would go and shew us where it was. I and the constable went up with him into my mistress's room; he took up the purse from the floor, and gave it to the constable. He said, when the dog bark'd, he was afraid it was a great mastiff dog, and he was afraid to go down stairs. Upon being asked how he got into the house, he said, he came in at the door, about 9 o'clock, and crept under the bar, and went up stairs, and lay under the bed, where he used to lie, when he was quartered in the house.


                  John 
                  Powell 
               



            , the constable, confirmed the account of the prisoner's confession, and she finding the purse.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been drinking at Islington; I went into the prosecutrix's house, about 9 o'clock, and up stairs, I thought it was my lodging; but I was not in her room at all I lay till almost day-light; then I was going down stairs, the dog barked, and she rang the bell, and said, there were thieves in the house. When the servant said, who is here? I said, it is the drum.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
