





129. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Williams 
                  




               
            , Spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth cardinal, value 10 s. one cotton gown, value 10 s. one linen shift, value 3 s. one shirt, value 3 s. two neckcloths, value 4 s. one pair of silver buckles, value 12 s. one pair of pumps, value 2 s. one callimanco petticoat, value 20 s. one pair of linen sleeves, three linen aprons, one pair of cotton stockings, and two linen caps, the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Scott 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said David
            , January 11
. *


                  David 
                  Scott 
               



            . I live in St. Catharines


, and am a house-carpenter and ship-joyner
. On Monday, the 10th of January, the prisoner came to my house, with my wife's sister; she being a poor creature, my wife took her in, out of charity: on the Wednesday following, in the morning, she went away privately, and the things mentioned in the indictment, were missing at the time. I took the prisoner up, and she owned to the taking the things, and I have the greatest part of them here, which she had pawned to three pawnbrokers; and went with me and the constable for them. She says, she is but 19 years of age.


                  Susannah 
                  Scott 
               



             confirm'd her husband's evidence, with this addition, that after her husband was gone to work, she saw the prisoner go out of the house, and shut the door after her, and that she had then no bundle with her; but afterwards she found a back window broke, where she concluded the prisoner had put the things out; and that her shoes, stockings, gown, cap and shift, were on the prisoner when taken.


                  Joseph 
                  Bedrey 
               



            , a pawnbroker, produced a coloured apron, pledged to him by the prisoner, on the 17th of January. And 
               
                  William 
                  Masters 
               



             produced a pair of silver buckles, pledged by the prisoner, the 11th of January, and an apron, the 13th. (Deposed to by prosecutor and wife.)




               Guilty, 20 s.
            



               T
            .
