





349. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Corral 
                  , otherwise 

                     Elizabeth, wife
 of 
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Keitley 
                        








            , was indicted for 


               stealing eight pounds weight of feathers, value 3 s. two linen sheets, one blanket, one copper pottage-pot, one copper tea-kettle, one pewter dish, two pewter plates, one pair of iron tongs, one box-iron, and two heaters, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Israel 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging room, lett by contract, &c
            . May 20
. +


                  William 
                  Martin 
               



            . 
               
                  John 
                  Israel 
               



keeps the sign of the George, in Periwinkle-street, Ratcliff




; his wife told me she was robbed on the 20th of May; I went with her to the justice to get a warrant, and in the evening when the prisoner came to her lodgings, she was taken and put in the watch-house for that night. I said, Are you not ashamed of yourself, to rob Mr. Israel? she fell a crying, and owned to it, and told us where the things were pawned, that was to Mr. Burch at Cock-hill; she went with us to direct us, there we found them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Israel 
               



            . The prisoner took a ready furnished lodging room of me at 2 s. a week about two months ago; she came to me as a wife, and said her husband was a ropemaker.
Q. Have you ever seen the husband?
E. Israel. I have several times.
Q. Did he come with her when she made this agreement?
E. Israel. No, he did not; she had lodged with me about three weeks before I missed my things; she was out when I missed them; and when she came home I sent for Mr. Martin, and we took her in custody, and put her into the watch-house, and in the morning she owned to the taking; the feathers out of the bed, and all the things; she said she had sold the feathers, and pawned the other things.


                  Rebekah 
                  Burch 
               



            . The prisoner pledged a sheet to me on the 5th of May; after that she pawned with me a pottage-pot and cover, a tea-kettle, a box-iron and heater, a pair of tongs, a sheet, a pewter dish, a plate, and a blanket, at several times (produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
I beg pardon, and am very sorry for what I have done. I hope the court will forgive me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
