






133, 134. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Susanna
                      M'kenzie
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a watch, with a gold box, and outside case shagreen, value 5 l. and a gold watch chain, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bready 
                  



                
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Tricket 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , February 6

. *


                  William 
                  Bready 
               



            . I had drank rather too hard, with two gentlemen waiting for the stage-coach going out; then I took coach to go to the Talbot-inn in the Strand, in order to lie there, and go out in the morning with the stage coach, this was on Thursday the 6th instant. The jolting of the coach, and the liquor together, took my senses away. I know I lay in a room by myself, I missing my watch in the morning after, did not go in the coach, but staid to inquire after it. It was the very day I had received it of the watchmaker that had cleaned it. I applied to the beadle of Goldsmiths Hall, and delivered out hand-bills, and in consequence of that I found it, (produced and deposed to) it is an horizontal watch; I gave 15 guineas for the movement finished up: the gold cases were my own before, the maker's name is Berridge; the chain was stopt by Mr. Smith in Holborn, where I saw it, (produced and deposed to.)
Mr. Smith. I am a goldsmith, and live in Holborn, last Monday was se'nnight, about 6 in the evening, one 
               
                  John 
                  Olive 
               



             brought this chain to sell, he said he found it, a little above St. Andrew's Church, as he was going to the play-house; by mentioning the word play-house, I imagined it had been stole from somebody going into the play-house, so I stopt it. I said I should see if it was advertised, and ordered him to call again on the Thursday: after he was gone I recollected I had a warning from Goldsmiths Hall. I looked at it, and found it was about a gold watch and chain lost. I sent to the hall for information, they let me know they thought it to be the prosecutor's property; he was sent for, and said it was his. I desired him not to advertise it, fearing the man that brought it would not come again. On the Thursday he came again; then I stopt him, and carried him to Guildhall: he desired to go in at the Castle, to speak to some of his friends, and then he would confess the whole; then he said he had the chain of Tricket, the prisoner at the bar.


                  Harriet 
                  Taylor 
               



            . The prisoner M'Kenzie and I were together at the Talbot inn in the Strand, we were in a little room on the left hand going in, the gentleman took out his watch to look at it, and laid it down in the window; he was in liquor: after that I went home with M'Kenzie to lie along with her, there was Tricket in bed, he struck a light, and she pulled out this watch; Tricket took and turned it about, and wound it up, and smiled, and said it was nothing but a metal watch; he said he must not go to offer it soon, but it would fetch but a guinea.
Q. What is Tricket?
H. Taylor. He is a watchmaker. I left Tricket and M'Kenzie in bed together, between 10 and 11 the next morning.
Tricket. That evidence was very much in liquor, she fell slump on the bed, said she we have got a watch; we got it at the Talbot inn, from a gentleman.


                  John 
                  Olive 
               



            . On Sunday the 9th day of this instant, I had been at the other end of the town, I called upon Tricket, he said he was going to the play at night, and he had no money, and if I would go to sell this chain, he would treat me with a play at night; then I took it to Mr. Smith, he said he had it of his Suky; they live together. There was a seal with a coat of arms engraved on a cornelian with it.
Prosecutor. I had such a seal to it when I lost it.
Olive. We got a knife and took the stone out, and I sold the gold for 2 s. and 9 d.


                  James 
                  Ealing 
               



            . I had this watch of the man at the bar; he came first the 10th of February, and had 1 l. 16 s. 9 d. on it, he came again the 11th, and had it made up 50 s.
Q. Do you understand watches?
Ealing. I do not.
Q. What was the agreement you made with him?
Ealing. He was to fetch it in three months time, or it was to be sold.
Mr. Julian. I took upon this watch to be worth about 18 guineas.
M'Kenzie's Defence.
That woman and I drank punch with the gentleman at the Talbot inn, pretty merrily together, she was in liquor; I found the watch on the floor, I told her of it, she said it would buy each of us a gown.
Tricket's defence.
On that night I went to bed about nine, the two girls came into the room, said Taylor we have got a watch, we found it at the Talbot inn in the Strand; she was very drunk and fell about. I read the Advertiser to see if it was advertised. I had no money to get it advertised, and it was useless to me to keep it. I did not know it was gold, I waited five days, and then went and pawned it.
Tricket called 
               
                  John 
                  Brooks 
               



             and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Tricket 
               



             his mother, the first said he knew him about four years, and never knew any harm of him; the latter said she had brought him up with a great deal of care, and gave him the best of instructions.
M'Kenzie 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Tricket 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
