






287. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Manton 
                  , otherwise 
Strutton, otherwise 
Smith




            , widow, was indicted for 


               stealing a printed book bound in leather, entitled, The Book of Common Prayer and Administration of the Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England, &c. value 5 s.
             the property of the 
               
                  Dean
                   and Chapter of the 
                  church of St. Paul's, London










            , April 15

. ++


                  William 
                  Cooper 
               



            . I am one of the vergers of St. Paul's. I was standing in the middle of the church on the 15th of April, and saw one of the vergers go out: he brought in the prisoner at the bar with a book under his arm. I was going to touch the prisoner's clothes, and another dropped from under her petticoats. (Two folio Common Prayer Books produced.) These are them; they are the property of the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's.
Prisoner's Defences.
I was much distressed, and the gentlemen promised if I would confess they would shew me mercy.




               Guilty. 10 d
            .
(L.) She was a second time indicted for 


               stealing two printed books bound in leather, intitled, The Book of Common-Prayer, &c. value 15 s.
             the property of the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's, London, April 4

. ++


                  Christopher 
                  Wells 
               



            . My wife keeps a pawnbroker's shop in Pater-noster-row, Spitalfields. About the 3d or 4th of April, the prisoner pledged these two books. (Producing two folio Common-Prayer Books.) She said, they were the property of her mother, and that she received a pension annually from the Trinity-house. I lent her half a guinea upon them. After which, Mr. Cooper and others came and said they belonged to St. Paul's, and had been stole from thence, and I delivered them to them.


                  David 
                  Montague 
               



            . I was with Mr. Cooper and another verger. As several of these books were lost, we were enquiring at the pawnbrokers near where the prisoner lived. We found these at Mr. Wells's shop. They are lettered on the
St
outside P C
Mr. Cooper. These are the property of the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
