





19. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Cornelius 
                     Connelly 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 7 pounds weight of tobacco, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Marshall 
                  




                
            , November 18
. *


                  Jane 
                  Marshall 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Marshall 
               



            ; we live in Gray's-Inn Lane


; he is a tobacconist
. Last Friday evening I was in a little room adjoining to the shop; I saw the prisoner going out of the shop, but I did not see him come in: I ran out and called, Stop thief! seeing him running up the lane: he was stopped, and brought back, and this parcel of tobacco, (producing a parcel tied up in a paper) is our property. It was lying in the shop just before, having been brought in not long before.


                  Joseph 
                  Hughes 
               



            . Last Friday fortnight I was standing at my master's door, in Gray's-Inn Lane, I heard the cry, Stop thief! I saw the prisoner come running, and two or three boys after him; I crossed the way and stopped him, and this bundle of tobacco was picked up by one of the boys, within about five yards from him; he struggled hard to get away from me; I took him back to the prosecutor's; he said he was running to pay a man 6 d. that he owed in St. Giles's.
- Crookshanks. I am fourteen years of age. I saw the prisoner run up the lane. I saw him first, within ten yards of Mr. Marshall's house; he had this tobacco under his arm; Mr. Hughes knocked him down; a boy took up the tobacco and delivered it to me, about five yards from where the prisoner was knocked down.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to Gray's Inn Lane, about six o'clock I had the same business to do, and I owed a man 2 d. I had told him I would pay him in a quarter of an hour; a man passed me; they called out, Stop thief! I pursued that man as fast as I could, and they stopped me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
