






544. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jarlet 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Leonard
                   Peter Casalor de Beaufort
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing 25 linen shirts, value 26 s. and eleven shifts, value 11 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     Bucksey 
                  




                
            , widow
, July 20
. ++


                  Alice 
                  Bucksey 
               



            . I am a washer-woman
, and live in Rose-street, St. Anne's, Soho


; I lost 25 shirts and eleven shifts from out of a one pair of stairs room, as they were hanging up to dry; they were taken away in the night on the 20th of July, and my street door was found open in the morning; De Beaufort lodged at my house, I had never seen the other prisoner till the day before the robbery, when he came to speak with De Beaufort; De Beaufort lay out that night I lost my things; he came again the night after; the watchman brought thirteen shirts in the morning, about eleven o'clock; I had De Beaufort taken up when he came home; after which, I had all my things again.


                  Tho 
                  Peterson 
               



            . I am a watchman; about 2 o'clock in the morning, on the 20th of July, I was standing at the corner of Charles-street; Jarlet came to me, I saw both his pockets quite full, the other prisoner I saw with a bundle on his left shoulder at a little distance; I knocked Jarlet down to secure him, he got away; I pursued him thro' Bloomsbury-square, and took him at the corner of Russel-street; he had thirteen shirts in his pocket, I brought him back to St. Anne's Round-house; I took the other prisoner the same evening at the prosecutrix's; I have worked for her these two years; I knew De Beaufort before by seeing him there, (the thirteen shirts produced and deposed to by prosecutrix.)


                  John 
                  Murphy 
               



            . I live in Broad St. Giles's, I am a salesman; the two prisoners came to me, I don't know the day, between eleven and one; Jarlet shewed me two shirts, my master's agreed with them for 16 s. for them; in a week or ten days after we heard they were stolen, (produced and deposed to by prosecutrix.)


                  Peter 
                  Durett 
               



            . I bought four shirts of De Beaufort about the 21st or 22d of July; he brought them to my lodgings, I gave him 7 s a piece for them; on the Saturday following I heard they were stolen, (produced and deposed to by prosecutrix.)
Jarlet said nothing in his defence.

Dr Beaufort's defence.
I did not know the law of England; I did not think it such a great crime, being always brought up in the military way.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
