





31. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Duckson 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver spoon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Thurkill 
                  




                
            , Dec. 3
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Thurkill 
               



            . I keep Pons Coffee-house, Leicester Fields
. Last Friday evening, my servant who takes care of the plate told me a spoon was missing, and on the Saturday Mr. Alison came and informed me he had got a spoon he supposed to be mine. He shewed it to me. I was certain it was my property. He told me he had stopped the person that brought it, and she was then in the Gatehouse. I went there, and saw her; it was the prisoner at the bar. She acknowledged before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , that she had taken it.
Mr. Alison. I am a pawnbroker, and live near Cranbourn alley. [He produced a spoon deposed to by the prosecutor.] The prisoner brought this spoon to me, and said her name was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jones 
               



            ; and that she lived with a gentlewoman in Long Acre. She said her husband bought her this spoon two years ago, and he had left her. I stopped her and the spoon, and took her before the justice. Then she said she found it in Leicester Fields. The justice committed her; then she said her name was Duckson, and that she lived in Hedge lane. Last Wednesday she was re-examined; then she owned she took it out of the prosecutor's kitchen, and had scratched the name in part out with a file.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had broken victuals at several houses, and when I got home I found this spoon in my pan; and I, wanting money, went to pawn it, in hopes to get it out again, and let the people have it that owned it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


