





186. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Rustid 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value two shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Simpson 
                  




                
             ++.


                  Charles 
                  Simpson 
               



            . On the eleventh of June
 between eight and nine o'clock, I was coming up the Poultry


, near the compter: I felt a violent twitch at my pocket wherein this silk handkerchief was. I told the lady I was in company with that my pocket was picked. The prisoner stood by me: I said, that is the pickpocket. I saw him drop the handkerchief as soon as he heard the word pickpocket: he ran on the other side the way, and I cried out stop pickpocket, stop thief; and a young lad run after him, and I also; as soon as the prisoner perceived that, he turned short into a court. Just as he got to the upper end of the court he was stopped: the young fellow and I came up to him, and many people followed us. When I came up, I said, that is the man that picked my pocket. We carried him to the Poultry compter that night, and I appeared before my lord mayor the next day.
Q. Are you sure that the prisoner was the man that picked your pocket?
Simpson. I am positive that when I felt the twitch at my pocket, the prisoner was the man. At the time I cried stop thief, he was the same man as run. I turned round and pointed to him, and said, that is the pickpocket.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether I was out of sight from the time you cried out stop thief till I was taken?
Simpson. He was out of sight the time he turned the corner of the street.

Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming from the other side of the water: the gentleman came one way, and I the other. I run to apprehend the man. A man knocked me down. The gentleman came, and looked among the people; the gentleman said I was not the man. When I was searched there was nothing found upon me.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


