






446. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     White 
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing a ruffle shirt, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Duff 
                  



                
            , August 15

. ++



               Acquitted
            .
(M.) She was a second time indicted for 


               stealing a red duffil cardinal, value 2 s. 6 d. and a linen shirt, value 2 s. and 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Man 
                  



                
            , July 24

. +


                  Hannah 
                  Man 
               



            . My husband's name is John. I live at the One Tun in little Poultney-street, Knave's Acre



. I lost a red cardinal and linen shirt in July. I went to a pawnbroker's, and found my red cardinal. I then asked if there were any more things belonging to me; he told me I had better go to Bridewell and ask the person who pawned it, telling me her name. I then went to the prisoner, and said, 
               
                  Mary 
                  White 
               



            , do you know any thing of my things? she said No. I said, I have seen the cloak, which is in pledge for three shillings. Then she said, As you have seen your cloak, I will tell you where your other things are, if you will not prosecute me; and then told me she had pledged them with the same person. I sent to the pawnbroker, and told him the rest of my things were in the same name. I found them there. I had never seen the prisoner before. I said, How could you get in? She said, she found the key of my room where I had put it when I went out, and she went in and took the things, locked the door, and hung the key up again.


                  John 
                  Parker 
               



            . I am servant to a pawnbroker. On the 21st and 24th of July, the prisoner pledged a red cardinal and a shirt with me. I lent her two shillings upon each of them. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
She said if I would tell her where the things were, she would not hurt a hair of my head. I said, I knew nothing about them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
