





429 (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Yates 
                  , otherwise 
Ates




            , was indicted for 


               stealing two silver table-spoons, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William Henry 
                     Shute 
                  




               
            , June 18
. ++


                  William Henry 
                  Shute 
               



            . I live in Cornhill


; about a fortnight ago the prisoner came to my house, I took him in from a person that rents a shop of me, he was their servant
; he staid with me from the Saturday till the Monday morning; then he went away out at the back-door into Pope's-head-alley without his hat, and at the same time four spoons were missing; he had been trusted with six to clean on the Monday morning.


                  William 
                  Kersill 
               



            . I am a silversmith, and live in Aldersgate-street; the prisoner came to my shop last Monday was fortnight, and said he came from one Mr. Whitehouse at Islington to exchange these, a spoon for a stock-buckle, and to have the remainder of the money sent by him; I thought it proper to send a person with him to Islington, not knowing there was such a person, and ordered the person, if the prisoner offered to run away, to bring him back; he did offer to run away, and the person brought him back; then the prisoner, upon being charged with stealing the spoons, said he had robbed one Mr. Ward of Birmingham; I took him before Mr. Alderman Gosling, there he confessed the same; the next day there appeared an advertisement from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , of a gold watch and four silver tablespoons being stolen; we went to the prisoner in the Compter, there we found a gold watch upon him, and likewise two table spoons; he had made away with one, as I heard in the Compter (three spoons produced and deposed to by the prosecutor, by a crest on them.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
