





132. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clark 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 1 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 6 d. a pair of leather breeches, value 6 d. and a pair of worsted stockings, value 4 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Reynolds 
                  




                
            , Jan. 8
. ++



                  James 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I am a servant
 at the King's Arms without Bishopsgate


. I believe I have seen the prisoner in our house before, but will not be certain. Yesterday se'nnight I left my clothes (mentioning the things in the indictment) in my chamber in the morning; the next of my seeing them again was in the taproom, after the prisoner was taken. The same day, I heard my master call to a person: I did not take much notice, thinking there was some quarrel, so I did not go immediately.


                  Edward 
                  Tomsinson 
               



            . The prosecutor is my servant. Last Saturday se'nnight, about a quarter before eight in the morning, the prisoner came into my house and had a pennyworth of purl; he staid about half an hour in the taproom, then made believe he went out at the door. I thought he had been gone, as he paid me for the purl. About half an hour after I went to call my wife up, and there saw the prisoner upon the stairs, with my boy the prosecutor's clothes in his lap. He had but three stairs to come down to go out, when I stopt him. There happened to be two people that used my house; I called them, and we secured him. He then dropt the things. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into the gentleman's house for a pennyworth of purl; I was pretty much in liquor; and went into a room and nodded a little; which way I came to take these things, I know not. I have had a bad hand, and have not been able to work for a month.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
