





7. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Renshaw 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 3 copper pots, val. 3 s. 2 copper stew pans with 2 covers, val. 2 s.
             the property of our sovereign Lord 
               
                  the 
                  king 
               




             , Nov. 13
. +


                  Jos 
                  Reed 
               



            . I live in Tylers-street Carnaby-market, am an ironmonger and brazier. The prisoner brought to me these 3 copper pots and 2 stew pans and covers on the 13th of Nov. (produced in court) He said, he wanted to dispose of them. I asked him what he asked a pound? he said 3 d. a pound; (to be sure they are worth 9 d. a pound) I bid him call again on the Monday, and I would talk further about it. He said, he kept a house in George-street, Hanover-square; I took that and his name down, upon observing them, after he was gone, the king's mark upon them. Then I went to the King's brazier, and let him know of them; He went and acquainted the King's cook of the affair, who came to my house and saw them, and said, they were the property of his Majesty. The prisoner after this came, expecting the money for them. I sent for a constable, and took him before Justice Fielding.


                  George 
                  Harris 
               



            . I am master scowerer, (he looks at the things) these are the property of his Majesty. They were in his Majesty's store-room I know, in the month of July last.


                  Daniel 
                  Filpot 
               



            . I am master cook to his Majesty. These are his Majesty's property, I ordered them to be put by in the store-room. I had not seen them from the time I ordered them to be put by; we never missed them till the 15th of Nov.
Q. How long ago is it since they were put in to the store-room?
Filpot. It is about six months ago.


                  John 
                  Kempshire 
               



            . The prisoner was at work at the palace at St: James's on the Saturday that these things were carried to Mr. Reed in Nov. He is a carpenter. On the Monday the men were call'd over; he was there in the morning, but not at the time they were call'd over.
Q. Where was he at work on the Saturday?
Kempshire. He was laying some floors in the larder.
Q. to Filpot. How far is the larder from the store-room?
Filpot. There is only the kitchen parts them.
Q. Were these things new?
Filpot. They had been in use; they were brought from Kensington.
Q. Do you not change or sell the old stores?
Filpot. The old stores are chang'd away; but there had been none chang'd away between the time these were put by, and the time of missing them.
Prisoners defence.
I was coming along the passage, having been doing a little bit of a jobb in the old scullery, and in the dusk of the evening I saw some body come out of the old kitchen with something on his head, he turn'd into the Park, I followed him, and saw he did not come back, I thought he did not come well by them; I seeing there two parcels where he had them, I went and took one parcel and left the other behind, the door was wide open.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
