





340. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Crompton 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Wellings 
                  




                
            , May 12
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Wellings 
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant
; I have the care of the house, the family not being there; I met with the prisoner at Crouch-end, between eight and nine at night, seven weeks ago last Monday night; I took her home, and she was along with me all night; I was a little in liquor; I missed my watch about four in the morning, and accused her with taking it; she denied it.
Q. Was you up or in bed when you missed it?
Wellings. We were both in bed together, with our cloaths off.
Q. Where had you put your watch?
Wellings. It was either upon a nail, or in the window, or in my breeches-pocket.
Q. Cannot you tell which of these places it was in?
Wellings. I think it was in my breeches-pocket.
Q. Are you sure you had it with you?
Wellings. I remember I put it in my pocket about five minutes before nine, just before I went out, and I had not above 20 yards to walk. I searched her in my room, but could not find it; I kept her in the house all day till three o'clock; then I took her to a Justice's house at Mousewell-hill, he was not at home; then I took her to a public-house, and stripped her, but could not find it; then I let her go: this was on the Tuesday about four o'clock.
Q. What did you give her?

Wellings. I gave her nothing at all.
Q. Did you know before.
Wellings. I never saw her in my life before to my knowledge; she was stopped with offering the watch to sell in a few hours after.


                  Josiah 
                  Sturges 
               



            . I am a watchmaker, and live in West Smithfield. On Tuesday the 13th of May, the prisoner at the bar came and offered me this watch to sale;( produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.) I suspected it was not her own; there was one 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Allen 
               



             with her; she said it belonged to the prisoner; the prisoner said it was her own, and that she had had it three weeks; there being no key on it, I asked her where the key was; she said, it never had one; I observed it was going, and wanted about four hours being down. I sent for a constable, and they were both taken to the Counter; the prisoner said, she found it fifteen miles on this side Leicester. The next day they were both taken before the sitting Alderman; the prisoner declaring 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Allen 
               



             had nothing to do with it, and that she never saw her in her life before, Sir 
               
                  Charles 
                  Asgill 
               



             discharged her. I advertised the watch and the prosecutor came and owned it; he said, he had had it about four months; then we took the prisoner before my Lord Mayor, and Wellings was bound over to prosecute.
Q. to prosecutor. Had your watch a key or seal to it when you lost it?
Prosecutor. It had a red ribbon, a key and seal to it.
Prisoner's defence.
He made a bargain with me for half a guinea, and had me to-bed with him; and he beat me very much, and drawed a knife upon me; he gave me nothing; I found this watch between Leicester and Market-Harborough eleven weeks ago, today.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
