





239. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Kirby 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing 1 cotton gown, value 6 s. 1 linen bed-gown, value 12 d. 5 linen aprons, value 5 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 1 s. 1 pair of leather pumps, value 1 s. 1 pair of stays, value 1 s 1 linen shirt, value 1 s. 2 shirts, value 2 s. 1 cloth cloak, value 5 s. 1 chip hat covered with sattin, 3 table-cloths, and 1 tea-kettle
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Deale 
                  




                
            , February 6
. *


                  Hannah 
                  Deale 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Deale 
               



            ; I live in Fore-street


; the things mentioned in the indictment were taken from me when I lay in. The first thing I missed was the tea-kettle, which was on the day she left me, the 6th of February: then I had lain-in just a week. After that I missed all my wearing apparel (mentioning the things in the indictment:) the prisoner was my nurse
. We took her up, and charged her with taking them, and she owned she did, and carried us to 3 different pawnbrokers where she had pawned them. One gown was pawned to Mr. Davis, a pawnbroker by London-wall, for 6 s. some of the things were at Mr. Flude's, the corner of Wood-street; the others at Mr. Hart's, in Grub-street.


                  John 
                  Bushby 
               



            . I went with the constable to take the prisoner up, in Old Bethlem. When we accused her with taking the things, she said she would go and show us where she had pawned them. I went with her to all 3 of them.


                  Thomas 
                  Fountain 
               



            , the constable, deposed the same as Bushby.
Only one of the 3 pawnbrokers was examined, viz. Clements Hart, who produced a handkerchief, apron, shift, pair of stays, and tea-kettle, which he deposed he took in of the prisoner at the bar. (These, with the rest found at the other pawnbrokers, were deposed to by Mrs. Deale.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
