





198. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Corp 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two dead fowls, value 2 s. and 6 d. 10 ounces of bacon, 7 eggs, 2 tallow candles, 2 Seville oranges, one lemon, and 5 apples
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Jennings 
                  




                
            , Feb. 20
. ++


                  James 
                  Jennings 
               



            . I am a poulterer
, and live in Gracechurch-street


, the prisoner has been a lodger in my house near a year and a half. On Thursday morning last between twelve and one o'clock, the watchman knocked at my door and called me; I came down and met the prisoner upon the stairs; I opened the door; the watchman insisted that the prisoner should be brought down, and searched. We brought him down, and in his pockets we found 2 dead fowls, two candles, two oranges, a lemon, some apples, and some eggs; the watchman said he had carried something up stairs; I went up and found a slice of bacon, we matched it to the place where he had cut it off.

Q. Do you trade in these things?
Jennings. I sell butter and eggs, fruit, and a great many things. I wish those things were all he had stole.


                  John 
                  Godfrey 
               



            . I am a watchman. Between twelve and one o'clock that night, I saw the prisoner go into the prosecutor's house, and bring out a candle and light it by another watchman's candle; when I came round again, I saw a light in Mr. Jennings's shop, I looked thro' a place in the window, I saw him untie a hamper of fowls, and take the fowls out, and put them into his pocket; then he went to a slitch of bacon, and cut a slice; after that he came towards the fore-door, and took off a Salmon-kitt, and from underneath took a bunch of greens, and a cole-wort; then he went into the cellar, I looked through a large grate and saw him take some large apples out of a place; after he had stuffed out his pockets, he went up stairs; I knocked at the door as loud as I could; Mr. Jennings looked out; I said, I want to speak with you, there is something amiss; before Mr. Jennings came down, the prisoner came and opened the door; he said have you no light? I said no, Sir, be so good as to stop until Mr. Jennings comes down; when Mr. Jennings was got about half way, the prisoner wanted to get up by him. I said to Mr. Jennings, do you allow any body to ransack your shop in the night time? he said, no; but I have lost things many a time. I said, this man has got something of yours now, in his pocket; I insisted upon his coming down; he would not: I took him by the arm, and pulled him down on his breech, and got him into the parlour. We turned his outward coat on one side, and the heads of the fowls hung out of his pocket: there were the things mentioned in the indictment found in his pockets. I told Mr. Jennings where he took the bunch of greens, and savoy from, and the bacon; he went up and brought down the slice of bacon, greens, and savoy.
Prisoner's defence.
That evening I went home very much in liquor, as to the fowls I know nothing of them.
Q. to Godfrey. Was he intoxicated with liquor?
Godfrey. He was not; he might have been drinking. I suspected him many times before.
Q. to prosecutor. What way of life is the prisoner in?
Prosecutor. I believe is a shoemaker, or cutter-out of shoes. His wife is a very industrious woman; she maintains him, I believe; he has not earned six-pence this year and a half. He was often out on nights till three, four, or five in the morning.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried for stealing shoes, cast and whipped, No 421, in Mr. Alderman Bridgen's mayoralty.
