





194. (L.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Mitchell 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Potter 
                  




                
            , January 24
. ++


                  Roger 
                  Potter 
               



            . I live in Three Fox-court, Long-lane


: on the 24th of January I came home to dinner, between one and two o'clock; the prisoner was sitting by the fire side with my wife; she had a pint of beer, which she had sent for: I drank with her; she said she had lost her child, and, with the overflowing of her milk, she was afraid of a fever; I said, my wife can draw your breasts for you; my wife said she would, if she came again in about an hour; she went away: I went to work when I had dined, and in the afternoon my wife came to me, about five o'clock, and said my watch was gone: a neighbour hearing of my loss, came and asked what sort of a woman it was: my wife told her; she said she could tell where to find the prisoner, and accordingly we found her, at her lodgings in White-Horle-alley, the same evening: I challenged her with taking my watch; she said she knew nothing of it: I took her to the Red Lion; the people told me I had no right to detain her, without a constable, and made her go out of the house, and her husband came and rescued her; but I got a constable, and took her again in her lodgings; and took her to Clerkenwell-Bridewell: the next morning I went for her, and coming along she owned she had taken away my watch, and begged I would transport her; and said she did not desire any other; and that she had pawned it at Mr. Brewen's, on Snow-hill, for thirty shillings: I took her to Justice Culpepper, and there she said the same; she told the justice she did it on purpose to be transported: then I went to my Lord Mayor, and got a search warrant, and went to Mr. Brewen's, and he produced the watch, (produced and deposed to.)
Q. Where did you lose it from?
Potter. the watch always hung upon a little hook by the chimney-piece, and I saw it when I went out from dinner.


                  Sarah 
                  Potter 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor: about a fortnight before the 24th of January, the prisoner was at my door with a little baby in her arms, and was frighted at a drove of cattle that went by; the seemed sickly. I asked her to come in and sit down with her baby; I never saw her before that time; and on the 24th of January she came to my door again, and thank'd me for my civility, when she was so frightened with the cattle, and said her little baby was dead. I asked her to sit down; she sat till my husband came to dinner, and would send for a pot of twopenny; she drank to my husband, when he came in; she said she was very bad with her breasts when we were at dinner: I said I could not draw them with a full stomach, but if she would come again, in about an hour and a half, I would draw them for her; she came again in that time, and I drew them for her; then she would insist upon having a dram; I sent a little boy for it: I had some suspicion of her after that; she desired me to lend her a looking-glass; I shut the door while she used it, and was looking another way: I believe she then took the watch; for, as soon as she was gone, I miss'd it; she gave me a false direction to come to draw her breasts the next morning: after I miss'd the watch I went and told my husband.


                  James 
                  Brewen 
               



            . On the 24th of January, between six and seven in the evening, the prisoner brought this watch, and pledged it with me; she said it was her husband's, and that he was a cabinet-maker, and lived in Chick-lane; that her child was dead, and she wanted money to bury it.
Prisoner's Defence.
To be sure I carried the watch to this gentleman's, to pawn.
She called 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Harrison 
               



             and Anne Hart to her character, who spoke well of her.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against her.
