





171. (M) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Garmon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 14 s. one waistcoat, value 8 s. one pair of cloth breeches, value 2 s. and one hat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clark 
                  




                
            , April 15
.


                  Thomas 
                  Clark 
               



            . The two coats, breeches, and hat, I have now on, were taken out of my room, which is over a coach-house in Rose and Crown Yard, King Street, St James's Square


; I missed them last Tuesday morning, betwixt eight and nine o'clock. Mrs. Johnson was kind enough to stop them, and send her servant to let me know of them, he having told her who he drove a coach for.
Q. Had you known the prisoner before?
Clark. I had no acquaintance with him, he is a coachman; upon my describing them, she deliver'd them to me.
Mrs. Johnson. The prisoner came to my house one evening between eight and nine o'clock, and offered the cloaths mentioned in the indictment to sell, saying he was intrusted to sell them for a man that had run out his cash and wanted a little money. I said if he would bring anybody to give an account of his character, I would buy them. He went away and left them, and the next morning came again, saying he would make good his character if my servant would go along with him, that he was then going to FleetBridge, and would call as he return'd. He said he would take my servant to Dr Graham's, but not returning as he had said, I sent my servant to the Doctor's, and Mr Clark came back with him, who described the cloaths, and I deliver'd them to him. The prisoner came a third time, and insisted upon money or cloaths I told him I had given them to the right owner. Then he said he would clear his character, and staid in the shop two hours or better. Then we took him before justice Welch, and he was sent to the Round-house; and yesterday the prosecutor came and gave an account of the cloaths to justice Welch, when the prisoner said that another man gave him the cloaths to sell.


                  Daniel 
                  Terry 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Johnson, and saw the prisoner bring in the cloaths; he said that an acquaintance of his sent him with them to sell.
Q. Was you there when Mr. Clark came and own'd them?
Terry. I was; I went for him, and he described them to me.
Prisoner's Defence.
The cloaths were given me that night to sell for a man whom I know by sight; I was to bring him the money back to the Coach and Horses in St. James's Square, and he said he would give me part of a pot of beer.
Q. to Prosecutor. What are you?
Prosecutor. I am coachman
 to Mr. Graham in Piccadilly, and engaged the prisoner to drive for me the week before, while I was out of town.
Q. Had he access to the room where the cloaths lay?
Prosecutor. I believe he lay in that room in my absence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


