





309. (M) 
               
                  John 
                  Vince 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 100 yards of gold lace, value 5 l. half a yard of silk damask, value 12 d. one yard of dimity, and two yards of stuff for breeches
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Campbell 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Douglas 
               



             . May 13
. *


                  Robert 
                  Douglas 
               



            . I and 
               
                  James 
                  Campbell 
               



             are partners

; we live in Castle street, Leicester fields


, we are taylors

; the prisoner was my partner's apprentice
. On Monday morning the 11th of May, going to open my drawer in my cutting-room, I missed a considerable quantity of things; the drawer which we always keep locked I found open, that is unlocked; I missed a great deal of gold lace, near 100 yards; I am positive to 50 yards in one parcel.
Q. What servants do you keep that have access to that room?
Douglas. I have a foreman and clerk, who are both entrusted with the keys of this cutting-room, but nobody keeps the key of the drawer where the gold lace is but myself; I was at a loss who to accuse; upon hearing many stories of my apprentice's extravagancies, I had a mistrust of him. On the Wednesday morning the foreman, named 
               
                  James 
                  Campbell 
               



            , and John Boulton, the clerk, were both in the cutting-room with me; I told them of the lace being gone, and that I suspected the apprentice; we agreed to go up stairs to search his room; we went up about ten in the morning; the door was locked, I got it open; after some considerable about his bed, there was a bureau in the room, where was no lock; in one of the drawers the foreman found a piece of silk damask and a piece of dimity, which I know to be his property; we searched farther; the clerk looking behind the bureau, where was a fire-place, against which was a board put up between the chimney, and bureau, the clerk lay the end of a Money sword-belt; we removed the bureau; there lay a with a Morocco belt to it, a gold-laced hat and a bundle; we took and opened the bundle; there we found the gold lace, the whole of what I missed.
Q. How long had you missed it?


                  Douglas
               


             I missed it on the Monday, and found it on the Wednesday.
Q. Did any body lie in that room besides the prisoner?
Douglas. No, nobody but he lay there.
Q. Who had the use of that bureau?
Douglas. The prisoner only.
Q. Where was the prisoner at this time?


                  Douglas 
                  He 
               



             was in the shop at work; I came down into the cutting-room and compared the dimity and damask, I found them to be my property. At Christmas, when I made up my inventory of my goods, these were then measured; (the lace, damask and dimity, hat, sword and belt produced in court;) then I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and told the affair to his clerk; he desired me to bring the lad and people with me; we went there; Sir John asked the prisoner how these things came into his room; he said he knew nothing about the lace; the handkerchief that the lace was tied up in, he said, was his own, and the sword and laced hat, the dimity and damask he said were mine, and owned he had taken them out of the shop, (not the cutting-shop,) Sir John committed him to the Gatehouse; we came home; after some time the clerk and foreman went up, and found some stockings, but I was not there.
Cross examination.
Q. How long have you been in partnership with Mr. Campbell?
Douglas. I have been in partnership with him three years come Midsummer.
Q. Did you use to correct him?
Douglas. I may have given him a slight touch with my hand.
Q. How often?
Douglas. Once or twice.
Q. Never above?
Douglas. I can say upon oath not above three times.
Q. Had he a lock to his room door?
Douglas. He had.
Q. Was that door never left open?
Douglas. It might for what I know.
Q. Who makes his bed?
Douglas. He does himself.
Q. Did he understand his business?
Douglas. He could work if he pleased.
Q. How long has he been Mr. Campbell's apprentice?
Douglas. About six years.
Q. Did you not suspect your other servants?
Douglas. No.
Q. Did you not suspect your clerk and foreman?
Douglas. I cannot say I did.
Q. Who first proposed searching the prisoner's room?
Douglas. It was I did, and they readily fell in with it?
Q. How did the prisoner say he came by the sword?
Douglas. He said he bought it of a man he met in the street.


                  James 
                  Campbell 
               



             I am foreman to Mess. Campbell and Douglas; Mr. Douglas told his clerk and I he had lost a quantity of lace; he said he had no suspicion of us, but he had of the apprentice; he said he thought it would be very proper for me to go along with him, to see if we could find any thing in his bed-chamber; he went up, and I followed; he burst the door open; we examined a bureau that was there, and found this dimity in a drawer; Mr. Bolton, the clerk, followed us: at the time we were searching the bureau, Mr. Bolton looked behind the bureau, and observed a sword belt; he said there was a sword there; they moved some things, and he took up the belt and a sword from behind the bureau; there was a board before the fire place behind the bureau; there he found a bundle in a handkerchief, and a gold laced hat; he took them up, there was this gold lace in the bundle; I know we had been making the King and Queen's livery of such lace as this; we were so well pleased we did not examine farther at that time, but went down to the cutting-room, then we consulted what was proper to be done: after which we took the prisoner before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , there he said he knew nothing of the lace; he confessed he took the dimity and damask, he said he found them in the shop; he said he had missed a handkerchief (I think he said a month) and said the handkerchief the lace was in was his; the clerk and I went up to his room a second time, and found three pair of silk stockings, and a piece of black stocking stuff for breeches in a drawer, that appeared to be my master's property.
Q. Whose property is the lace?
Campbell. This is the same fort of gold lace we had been working on this three months.
Cross examination.
Q. How long is it since the prisoner complained of your beating him?
Campbell. It may be two months or six weeks ago.
Q. Have you not declared you would be revenged on him for telling of it?
Campbell. No, I never did.


                  John 
                  Bolton 
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Douglas. On Wednesday the 13th of May, in the morning, I was in the cutting-room, the finisher came in; Mr. Douglas shut the door, and said he had lost a large quantity of gold lace, and he suspected the apprentice; he proposed searching his room; he went up with the finisher, and broke open the door; I went up immediately after them; he searched the drawer of a bureau that was in the room; there he found this piece of dimity, and this piece of silk damask; he said, he believed they belonged to him; he searched to see if he could find any odd keys, and desired me to look under the bureau that stood before a fire-place, there was a board betwixt the chimney and the bureau; I looked, and could see part of a sword-belt; I pulled the bureau from before the fire-place and took away the board, there was the sword, sword belt, a handkerchief with something tied in it; Mr. Douglas opened it upon the bed; there was this gold lace here produced, some loose and some in a paper tied round with cord. I took an inventory of the goods at Christmas, and we examined it by that, and compared the lace and things with it, and we found they agreed; I heard the prisoner say before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , he had taken this dimity and damask, and carried them up into his room, but said he knew nothing of the lace; I think he said the handkerchief (in which the lace was) was his own; I have seen him with it, and knew it to be his own.
Cross examination.
Q. Did you never borrow the key of his room?
Bolton. No, never; he never would trust me in his room alone; I never knew him part with the key to any body.
Q. How many keys were there to the room where the lace was?
Bolton. There were three keys to that, but the drawer in which the lace was, Mr. Douglas keeps that key himself.
Prisoner's defence.
If I owned any thing before the Justice of the dimity and damask, I know nothing of it, I know nothing of what they accuse me.
To his character.


                  Joseph 
                  Lloyd 
               



            . I have known him from his infancy, but since he has been apprentice, I cannot say I know any thing of him; I never heard any thing bad of him from the time I did know him; I know his friends are reputable people.


                  William 
                  Peters 
               



            . I knew him till he was bound an apprentice; I never heard any harm of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Porter 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was born; I have seen him since he was an apprentice; I never heard any thing ill against him.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Eades 
               



            . I have known him from his infancy; I saw him very often; I never heard any ill of him till this affair.


                  Henry 
                  Eades 
               



            . I went to school with him; we were bound apprentices together; I have known him intimately six or seven years; I never saw or heard any thing against him; I don't believe but what he is a very honest young fellow.
Q. What are you bound to?
Eades. To a cutler.
Q. Did you ever wear a sword?
Eades. No, I never did; we make them for gentlemen.
Q. Did you ever sell the prisoner one?
Eades. No, I never did; I heard him complain he had lost a red and white handkerchief and a pair of knee-buckles, two months ago at his mother's.


                  Matthias 
                  Darling 
               



            . I have known him about 14 or 15 years; during the time I lived in his father's house, he was a boy of very good morals as ever was seen; he has been several times at my house; I have sometimes a large charge about me, being a silver engraver, I would let him be in my house at all times; I did live close to his master.
Mr. Osbourn. I have known him 14 or 15 years; I live close by his father; he was always a sedate sober lad, I always took him to be so, I never heard any other.


                  Ferdinand 
                  Miller 
               



            . I have known him eight or nine years; he has a very good character, a very honest sober lad.



                  William 
                  Chambers 
               



            . I have known him from a child; I never heard any thing amiss of him till this affair.
Mr. Williams. I remember one night I was at the prisoner's father's, he was telling his mother he had lost his knee-buckles and a handkerchief; this is about three months ago.
Prosecutor. Here is an evidence here can give some account of the prisoner's extravagancies.
For the prosecution.


                  Peter 
                  Gibson 
               



             is called.
Q. What is the general character the prisoner bears?


                  Peter 
                  Gibson 
               



            . That of a very honest lad.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
