





461. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Healey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s. a pair of stone sleeve-buttons set in silver, value 2 s. a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. and 5 s. 6 d. in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Mousier 
                  




                
            , August 29
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Mousier 
               



            . I live in New-gravel-lane, I am a sailor
; I had a silver watch; I do not know what is become of it; I lost it on Friday was a week, in Mr. Healey's apartment, upon Saltpetre-bank, in Parrot-alley


; I desired him to shew me where I could get a bed; I might be a little in liquor; I knew the prisoner, he was my shipmate on board one of his Majesty's ships; they asked me a shilling for my bed; I paid a shilling, and put my breeches under my bolster and pillow, and told him I hoped it was safe; the watch was in my breeches; I went to sleep; when I awaked, my breeches were on the floor, my watch and every thing mentioned in the indictment were gone; the handkerchief I went to sleep with about my neck was gone; there was a woman that has lived with this man eight years in the room when I went to bed with him, and Biddy King, and another woman; when I was awaked, there were only two watchmen in the room, and the woman that keeps company with the prisoner. The constable, named Butler, said if I would drop it, he would produce the watch; the women wanted a dram of cherry-brandy, I gave the prisoner a shilling to get some; he went out, but gave me no change: as I sat up on the bed-foot, one of the women have herself athwart me, and I fancy the other took my breeches then.


                  Harry 
                  Radman 
               



            . When the prisoner was in the coach, going to prison, he said he knew where the watch was; I said he had better get admitted evidence; then he began to deny it, and swear, and say he would not.


                  Lucas 
                  Scriplin 
               



            . About half an hour after two o'clock that morning, the woman that the prisoner lives with, came to the watch-house, and said, Lucas, for God's sake come up to my house, for that rogue Ned will go to Newgate again, for he has robbed a poor man, and Biddy King and another girl were concerned with him; I went up; there was the prosecutor very much in liquor in bed; said she, get him out, for they will steal his cloaths.
Q. Is that woman here?
Scriplin. She is not; after we took up the prisoner, he said Biddy King had the man's handkerchief about her neck; and Biddy King she said had the watch in her hand, but it was then spoiled.
Prosecutor. The prisoner told us if we went with him he would get us the watch, and said Biddy King had that and my handkerchief, but we could not find her; she is taken up since for another robbery.
Eliz. Clark. I live facing the prisoner's house; about one or two o'clock that night, the noise began between the woman of the house and two other women; the prisoner was not in the house; I was standing at my window, and saw the two women run out; then the old woman called the prosecutor very bad names; she said, get up, you are robbed, where is your watch; under my head, said he; look you thief, said she, come along with me to look for the women; the prosecutor had been very troublesome and riotous, and had broke a great many things.
Q. Could you see them?
E. Clark. I could, my window is up one pair of stairs; they had a light in the room, and their windows are all broke to pieces; I stood there till four in the morning; it is as wicked a house as any in the kingdom; the prisoner had been away from that woman five or six weeks; he had come home that night, and she would not let him come in but beat him away; she desired the watchman to get the prosecutor out of the house. Man, get up, said the watchman, and go about your business; you may be very proud you go off with your cloaths, what have you lost, the man said he had lost his watch; with great persuasions he got him up to go along with him, and they went away to the sign of the Swan about four o'clock.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
To his character.


                  John 
                  Orm 
               



            . I have known the prisoner upwards of 12 months; he is a rigger of ships, and helps to work ships out; he lives facing me in regard to his lodging, at the house of an old woman.
Q. What sort of a house is that?
Orm. I cannot tell what sort of a house it is.
Q. What is the prisoner's character?
Orm. I will not trouble my brains about the character, it may be a bad one, it may be a good one, but I do not trouble my brains with none of my neighbours.
Q. What is the general character of that house?
Orm. It may be a loose house.
Q. How have you known him to be employed?
Orm. I with him several times.
Q. What is character?
Orm. I never against him before this.


                  Rebecca 
                  Orm 
               



            . I know ther than what my husband has said; I know gets up in a morning and goes to work, I have seen him go out at three o'clock.
Q. What sort of a house is this where he lives?
R. Orm. I do not know.
Q. What sort of a woman is the woman of the house?
R. Orm. I never like to cohabit with her.
Q. What sort of company frequent that house?
R. Orm. I don't know; I don't trouble myself with my neighbours houses.



                  Mary 
                  Parnell 
               



            . I live in New Gravel-lane; I have known the prisoner two years, I never knew him to do any harm in my life; he works to bring bread home to his family.
Q. What family has he?
M. Parnell. He has got a wife.
Q. What a young woman?
M. Parnell. No, an elderly woman; I never saw any harm either-by one or the other; he is a very honest man, I have known him to be called up by the watchman, to go to work on board a ship when my husband was called up.
Q. Could you hear him called up in Parrot-alley, when your husband was called up in New Gravel-lane?
M. Parnell. No, I could not; but I did live next door to him.
Q. What sort of a house does he keep?
M. Parnell. Sometimes she will have sixpence for a bed for a man and his wife, that is all I know.
Q. Perhaps you may know some of these wives, do you not?
M. Parnell. I do not know.
Q. How many husbands have you known any one of them to have?
M. Parnell. I don't know nothing about that indeed.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
