





85. (M.) 
               
                  Jane, the wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Beals 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing 20 yards of linnen cheque, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sharp 
                  




                
            , December 9
. ++


                  William 
                  Sharp 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker
. On the 9th of December, a piece of cheque was taken out of my shop in the evening. I miss'd it the next morning; as she was the only person that had been there that we could suspect, I concluded it was likely she might cut it into pieces, to make away with it, by way of sale, or pawn. At the first pawnbroker I went to, I found 2 yards of my cheque; this was in the same court in which I live: I got a warrant, and took her up. She said, if I would let her go to her room, she would give me the remainder of my cloth: upon which, the justice ordered me and the constable to go and search her lodging. We went; she would not open her door; we took her again to the justice: he committed her to Bridewell on suspicion. On the Monday, we had a search warr ant; we went and found her husband; he admitted us into the room; we told him we had a warrant to search his room: he took out about 4 yards and 3 quarters of cheque, that was hid under the bed. We found at Mr. Siers's shop, a pawnbroker, on Clerkenwell-Green, 7 yards pledged there, for 4 s. 6 d. and at Mr. Warner's, a pawnbroker, in St. John's-street, we found 6 yards: then I had found near 20 yards. Returning home, by Hatton-wall, I saw at 
               
                  Anne 
                  Stowe 
               



            's shop, a sale-shop, some of the same in the window: I went into the shop, and enquired where she bought it? she acknowledged she had bought 2 yards of the prisoner, and I had 2 yards by me, which I had cut off before the cheque was lost. The pieces all correspond, and all circumstances agree; and the prisoner loitered about my shop that night a considerable time; I have no doubt but that they are mine: what were pledged, was in her own name.


                  Benjamin 
                  Keen 
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Sharp. I shut up the shop about 5 that evening, the piece of cheque was then in the window; about 7, the prisoner came to pledge something; she refused to take the money I proffered to lend her; she still staid in the shop: when a person came into the shop, she said she would take it: I went up stairs, and bid her stay till I came down; then I gave her the money, and she went away. She came in again, in about an hour after, and brought a hat to pledge; I denied taking it in; she went away, and in about a quarter of an hour she brought in a pot of beer, and asked me to drink; I denied it, and would not a good while; but before she went out of the shop, I did drink: she said it was paid for, and went out of the shop. I never miss'd the cheque, till my master miss'd it; there had been no person but she in that place, from the time my master went out; the other person that came in, was in a different place.


                  Anne 
                  Stow 
               



            . I keep a sale-shop, at Hatton-wall. On the 10th of December, the prisoner brought 7 yards of cheque into my shop, and asked me if I would buy it? she said it was a little bit belonging to a woman just come out of the country, in necessity; I bought 2 yards of it for 16 d.


                  William 
                  Wosley 
               



            . I am a constable. I found a piece of 4 yards and a half under the prisoner's bolster, and about 6 yards at a pawnbroker's, on Clerkenwell-green; the pawnbroker said it was pawned in the prisoner's name.


                  Joseph 
                  Parker 
               



            . I live with Mr. Bowyer, a pawnbroker, in Baldwin's Gardens. On the 9th of December, in the evening, the prisoner pledged about 2 yards of cheque with me, in her own name.



                  Nathaniel 
                  Warner 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in St. John's-street. On Saturday the 10th of December, in the morning, the prisoner pledged 6 yards of cheque with me, for 4 s. in her own name. She said, she brought it from a person that was very bad, and wanted some money upon it. (The divers pieces produced, and deposed to by prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I got the cheque from Scotland, from on board Captain Gordon's ship: it is my own property.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
