





364. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taplin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a copper porridge-pot, value 3 s. a looking-glass, value 4 s. a linen sheet, value 2 s. a tea-kettle, value 18 d. a woollen blanket, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Stewart 
                        




                     
                  , in a certain lodging-room lett by contract
            , &c. Jan. 11
. ++


                  John 
                  Stewart 
               



            . I live in Little St. Anne's-lane


; the prisoner took a ready-furnished lodging of me, he staid about eleven weeks; the things mentioned in the indictment were part of the furniture; when he went away he kept the key, and deserted the regiment to which he belonged; after he was taken he told me my things were pledged, and went along with me to the pawnbroker, in order to get them again, where I found them.


                  Thomas 
                  Sclater 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Stretton's-ground; the prisoner pledged the porridge-pot, blanket, sheet, and tea-kettle, all with me in January; he told me his wife's mother sent them to him from the country.
Prisoner's defence.
I took the room at 2 s. a week; I made away with these things, not with intent to steal them; I went to my landlord, and told him I would pay him at 2 s. a week for the lodging, and 2 s. the debt for the things, and on the Sunday he wanted the key of my room; I thought I had no right to give it him; he threatened, if I would not, he would break the door; I was taken up between three and four weeks after, and received three hundred lashes for deserting; I belong to the Cold-stream regiment, I have a wife and child, and times are hard; I work by the water-side, and porter for my bread.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
