





560. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Patrick
                      M'Cartney
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing thirteen walking-canes, value 3 l. 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cotton 
                     



                  ; and eleven other walking-canes, value 40 s.
             the property of persons unknown; October 4
. ++


                  John 
                  Cotton 
               



            . I brought home a parcel of walking-canes from India, which were reposited in a warehouse at Blackwall


, till the company's sale came on; there were the company's lock, the king's lock, and my own lock upon the door; the warehouse was after that broke open; some canes were taken away, and some of them found again.
Q. How many did you deposit in the warehouse?
Cotton. There were delivered in about thirtyfive thousand.
Mr. Wagg. On the 4th of this instant, one of the porters told me this warehouse was broke open. The two overseers belonging to the company's private trade sent to me, to go down to see how it was: I went, and saw the staples were drawn, and put in again; one was fast, and the other loose in the holes. I examined 400 of the fine walking-canes, which I marked with my own mark, and found about fifteen of them were gone.
Q. What was your mark?
Wagg. It is the letter G. on the top joint of the cane; there were eight others taken out of another parcel, not marked. The next day, I went to 'Change, and went to Mr. Forset, that keeps a cane-shop, in Leadenhall-street; I acquainted his journeyman of what was lost, and desired, if any were brought, to stop them. In about an hour after, a young man came to our house, and told me there had been a man there with two canes, in order to sell them; and that he said he had twenty more, and upwards, and had left word, if they would come to the Horshoe and Magpye, a public-house, in Fetter-lane, he would go with them to a house in that neighbourhood, where they were. I went to that public-house, and the prisoner was there, and had the two canes in his hand: I examined the two canes, and found my mark upon one of them. I desired the young man to go with him, and buy the canes at any rate, in order to bring them to the public-house where I was, to pay for them: the young man went, and bought them at half a guinea a cane: I had a constable and a friend of mine ready; the young man brought the canes and prisoner; I looked at the canes; he seemed very uneasy, and said, if I did not like them. he would take them back again I said, neither he nor the canes should go back: there were 24 canes: he said, his sister kept one. where they were lodged: (produced in court.) Here are fifteen of them have my mark upon them. I asked him where he got them? he said, he had some of the lumpers, and some he bought of the Blacks: he told me he was a labourer at Mr. Perry's wharf. Some of these canes are Captain 
               
                  Cotton
               


            's property.


                  William 
                  Carlton 
               



            . I am a constable; these are the canes that were delivered to me in Fetter-Lane.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought these canes of two men that work in my master's yard; I have sent after them, but they have made their escape.
For the prisoner.


                  George Coulson 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a shipwright: the prisoner has worked for me eight or nine years. Captain 
               
                  Cotton
               


             told me he had one of my men in custody, that said Cox and Martin (two other of my men) were concerned with him. I promised the Captain they should attend at any time, to prove their innocence: this was on the Wednesday: on the Thursday, we launched a ship; and, upon their hearing Mr. Fielding's men were after them, they absconded, and I have never seen them since. I never knew any ill of the prisoner before.
Q. Had he an opportunity of knowing what kind of things these are?
Smith. He had; but I don't know that he knew the value of them: these gentlemen have warehouses in my yard, from whence the canes were taken; the other two men were watchmen in my yard, at the time they were lost. I thought they were men that might have been trusted, having been a good many years with us.


                  Samuel 
                  Samvell 
               



            . I believe I have known the prisoner ten or a dozen years: I know no farther of him, than that of an honest man. I went to see the prisoner in Newgate, last Wednesday was a week; he desired me to tell the two men that he had impeached, that he wanted to speak with them; I went, and desired them to go up to him, and told them he was stopped with the canes: they are gone away.


                  Joseph 
                  Luck 
               



            . I have known him twelve years; he lodged in my house six years; he always was a well-behaved man in his lodgings. I never heard any harm of him.
Q. What is his general character?
Luck. He has as good a character as ever man bore.


                  Daniel 
                  Reason 
               



            . I am worth almost an hundred pounds: I could trust him with all I am worth, set aside my wife.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
