





278. (L) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hitchings 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Wright 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , August 10
. ++


                  Benjamin 
                  Wright 
               



            . On the 10th of August. about ten minutes after ten at night, I was going along the Poultry


, I met the prisoner; I thought he was an impudent person; I could not get by him, neither on one side or the other; he said nothing to to me; I felt him very plain pull my watch out of my pocket.
Q. Was there any croud of people at that time?
Wright. No, there was not; I immediately seized him, and charged him with it, and called out for the watch; upon which a man that I had not observed, aimed at my head with a stick, which happened only to knock my hat off. I carried the prisoner to the watchman, he did not come to me; and he and I carried him to the watch-house. He was taken before an alderman, where he denied taking the watch, and said he was an apprentice to a vintner at Bristol. The watch was conveyed to that other man.
Q. Did you see it delivered?
Wright. No, it was dark. I could not see that, but I heard the chain to chink, when his hand was delivering something to that man that strove to knock me down. The prisoner was searched, but I told Mr. Stevenson, he need not search him, for he had not got it. I never got it again.


                  James 
                  Stevenson 
               



            . On the 10th of August, about a quarter after ten at night, I being constable of the night, the prosecutor and watchman brought the prisoner to me; he charged him the same as now; he was searched, but Mr Wright said, he knew he had delivered it to another man that was gone off with it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I think it is very requisite the watchman should be here. The prosecutor said I was very obstropulous. I desired alderman Cartwright to ask the watchman if it was so, and the watchman said I went very regular and quiet.
Prosecutor. The prisoner seemed to resent it as an indignity to him, that I should charge him with such a wicked thing.
For the Prisoner.
Jos. Watson. The prisoner lived with me 13 or 14 months, I am a lighter-man; I have trusted him to receive for 10, 14, 15 chaldrons of coals at a time; he behaved very honest. Just before this, he was going captain's steward with admiral Saunders: I thought he had been on board the ship, when this thing happened; I would trust him with all I have in the world.


                  Sam 
                  Hewlet 
               



            . I knew him apprentice; I have known him six or seven years. The last time I saw him was in Fleet-Street, about a year ago: he then told me, he was going to Bristol again. I know no ill of him.
Jos. Peade. I have known him 13 or 14 months. He has as good a character as any gentleman need to have for a young man. I have left him in my house when I have had 60 or 70 l. worth of silk, he never wronged me; I would trust him with-all now: I never heard a bad word from him in my life.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


