





182. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Susanna 
                     Hatfield 
                  



widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing a gold ring, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Rooker 
                  




                
            , Feb. 5
. ||


                  Elizabeth 
                  Rooker 
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Rooker 
               



            , he is a goldsmith
; we live in Bishopsgate-street, near Spital-square


; yesterday was fortnight the prisoner came into our shop, and asked to look at a light gold ring; we generally keep them on a board, with velvet over them, upon hooks, by that means we can presently perceive if any are missing. I laid down the board upon the work-board, by the side of the counter, and only brought two light rings to her, which she tried on; she desired I would weigh them, and tell her the price, they were much of a weight; she agreed to give me 8 s. for one of them; after that she said, Madam, I should be obliged to you to let me look at that ring that hangs on the corner hook, that was a heavier ring; she tried it, and said it was too heavy, I think the other will do very well: she reached cross the counter, and put a ring on the hook that came from; she said she would go over the way to the alehouse, and give me the money for the ring she agreed for: as she went out of the shop, I took the ring which she put on the hook, and found she had changed mine for a brass one; she was got two or three doors off; I ran after her, and got hold of her, and said, good woman, you have taken my ring away, and put a brass one in its place. I brought her back, and pushed her into the shop; by that time my sister came into the shop; the prisoner clapt her hand upon the counter; my sister can inform the court what she saw at the time; (the brass ring and gold one produced in court.)
Q. Was there a brass ring on that or any of the hooks before she came in?
E. Rooker. No, there was not; my husband came home, then she was taken to the Compter.
Elizabeth Rooker, spinster. I live with my brother that keeps this shop; I hearing my sister go out of the shop, came into the shop to see what was the matter; I heard a woman had been in to cheapen a gold ring, and had taken one away, and left a brass one: my sister brought the prisoner in; I saw the prisoner lay her hand down on the corner of the counter, and when she took it up again, I saw a gold ring lying, which proved to be the ring that was missing.
E. Rooker. There was no ring on the counter when she went out of the shop; I had only taken two rings from the board, and they were on my finger; that brass ring was one more than our number.
Prisoner's defence.
I never touched the ring, I know nothing of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
