





349. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Sleath 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robinson 
                  




                
            , June 21
. +


                  John 
                  Robinson 
               



            . On Sunday the 21st of June, about nine at night, I was upon Snow-hill


; a nephew of mine who was walking behind me, told me a man had picked my pocket of my handkerchief.
Q. from prisoner. Did you not at that time see a man run past you as hard as he could?
Robinson. No, I did not; there were about seven or eight people passing and repassing.


                  William 
                  Turner 
               



            . My uncle the prosecutor, and another gentleman, were walking together; I was just behind them; I saw the prisoner take my uncle's handkerchief out of his pocket; I took hold of him by the collar; there was another fellow with him behind, he went away directly; the prisoner put his hand behind him when I collared him, and immediately I saw the handkerchief on the ground, but did not see it fall; then I spoke to my uncle; we were taking the prisoner up the hill, he got away and ran, and I after him, and took him again before I lost sight of him; then we took him to St. Sepulchre's watch-house.
Q. from prisoner. Whether you did not say at the watch-house you saw a man run away?
Turner. Yes, I did, but that was three or four yards behind the prisoner; he crossed the way, and ran as fast as he could; but I having got the man that took the handkerchief out, I did not look after him; (the handkerchief produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
I live in Jacob's-court; my master and I had a few words on the Saturday night, and I went away as far as Tower-street, and going along, this happened. I am a painter.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
