






242, 243. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Borne 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Brown 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing 55 pounds weight of tobacco, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           King 
                        



                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said William
            ; and the other for 


               receiving 27 pounds, part of the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , March 19

. *
Mrs. King. My husband is named William: he is in Virginia in America. I rent a shop in East-Smithfield



, and sell tobacco
; I lost tobacco out of my shop at several different times; I lost 55 pounds on the 19th of March in one parcel, it was taken out of my shop by three men, Borne was one of them; they run away, and I after them: I took him in the shop of one Banks on Tower-hill, with part of the tobacco; I think Brown is servant to Banks. Banks returned me 26 pounds of it, he is a tobacconist. When I called for assistance, Banks clapped the door too against the headborough at first.


                  Charles 
                  Conner 
               



            . I heard the prisoner Borne confess he took the tobacco, and sold it to Brown; that the whole came to 13 s. and he had received half a crown of the money. I asked him where the tobacco was; he shewed me the place, and Brown confessed it was in that place, and Banks reproved him for shewing where it was. There is a bill of indictment found against Banks.


                  Mary 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I saw Borne go into Bank's shop; then I went and called Mrs. King: when we first went into the shop, they all denied that any tobacco was brought there; afterwards Borne said, if Mrs. king would not hurt him, he would confess, so did Brown; Borne said he sold it to Brown, and Brown gave him half a crown of the money. Mr. Banks bid Mrs. King take her tobacco; she said she was not a porter, and would not. Mr. Conner was were present.
Mr. Butler. I am headborough of St. John's Wapping: I was sent for to take Borne in custody. Banks would not let me in at first; I rapped very hard, then he came and let me in: they were quarrelling one among another; I saw a parcel of tobacco lying by the counter. Mrs. King said, there is the thief, I deliver him into your hands. Borne owned to me he had stole the tobacco; some was in a sack and some loose; he said he got into the shop of Mrs. King, under pretence of buying a pennyworth of tobacco, and saw the parcel in a sack, and he took it away, and that there were two of his companions on each side the door watching; he said he had sold it to Brown. Brown said he had not sold it to him; Borne said he had received half a crown in part; I saw him have half a crown in his left hand. I know nothing against Brown.
Borne's defence.
As I was coming along, I met two lads with a bag; they asked me if I knew where I could sell some tobacco for them; I came to this man's house with it, knowing he had bought tobacco before.
Brown's defence.
This man came into the shop, and asked me if I would buy a parcel of tobacco; I asked him how he came by it; he said he had it of two sailors; I said I would weigh it. I thought it had been smuggled tobacco; I did not agree for any price, neither did I give him any money for it.
Brown called 
               
                  Peter 
                  Watts 
               



            , who had known him 16 years; Alexander Allen, from a child; Joseph Green, 
               
                  Leonard 
                  Hull 
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Walker 
               



            , 
               
                  David 
                  Cordosoe 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Philips 
               



            , 
               
                  Mr. 
                  Leicester 
               



            , and 
               
                  Mr. 
                  Peldoe 
               



            , some years; who all gave him a very good character.
Borne 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            . 
Brown 

               acquitted
            .
