





58. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Jesse 
                     Dixon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 13 lb. and a half of a certain composition in glass, commonly called paste
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hopton 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hanson 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  Carey 
                  Stafford 
               



             , Sept. 1
. ||


                  John 
                  Hopton 
               



            . I am a glass-maker


.
Q. Have you any partners?
Hopton. Yes; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hanson 
               



             and Carey Stafford are my partners.
Q. Where is your manufactory carried on?
Hopton. At a glass house in White Friars


. The prisoner at the bar was my servant till the latter end of August last, when I was informed there was a great deal of paste offered about the town to sell cheaper than I sell it. I examined my paste, and missed about two hundred weight. I let the thing lie for some time, although the prisoner was the person that I suspected. About the middle of December Mr Carrol, a jeweller on Ludgate Hill, told me that Mr. Farmer, at the King's Head alehouse, Clerkenwell, had offered him some at a shilling a pound. (He is one who works in that way) I went to Mr. Farmer's house, and there saw about a quarter of a hundred at least. I brought away 13 lb. and a half of it, which I am positive is mine It is a new invention, that I have been at some expence to bring to perfection, and now I am deprived of the benefit of it. I asked Farmer who he bought it of, and he said he bought it of the prisoner at the bar. I took the prisoner up on the 18th of December, and carried him before justice Fielding. The justice examined Farmer, who said he bought it of the prisoner, and Dixon acknowledged he had received money of Farmer; he also said I allowed him the liberty to take a little for his own private use.
Q. Did you ever allow him any for his own private use?
Hopton. Upon my oath I never did, neither have any of my partners.
Prisoner. My master used to allow me to carry this glass to people, to see how they liked the colour of it, and I took a little more than I should do.
Hopton. I do not remember that ever I sent him with any of this glass. I did send him with a sort of glass which we call cane.
Prisoner. I never sold any in my life.


                  John 
                  Farmer 
               



            . I had some of this glass of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. How much?
Farmer. I can't tell how much.
Q. When had you it?
Farmer. I can't rightly tell the time.
Q. Do you work in that way?
Farmer. I do a little in the common way of glass blowing, but nothing in the paste way. The prisoner brought several pieces to try at my house, so has Mr. Hopton himself, and he has taken a stone of it back to shew the colour.
Q. Did the prisoner use to say he was sent with it?
Farmer. He said that his master sent him with it.
Q. Did not you buy some of him?
Farmer. I gave him half a guinea.
Q. For what?
Farmer. He said he brought three or four pound at different times, and I said here is half a guinea for you to drink.
Q. Was it not for bringing that glass to you?
Farmer. He brought it to be sure.
Q. Did not you give him the half guinea for the glass which he brought?
Farmer. To be sure I did; Mr. Hopton says the prisoner brought near a quarter of a hundred to my house; It is a very hard matter to swear to any.

Q. What say you to that thirteen pound and a half, which Mr. Hopton says he brought from your house;
Farmer. I do not think I had thirteen pound weight of the prisoner, but I was not at home when he took it away.
Q. How much had you of him?
Farmer. I do not know; I never weighed it.
Q. Do you think you had one pound?
Farmer. Yes, I believe I had.
Q. Do you believe you had more than two pounds?
Farmer. I believe I had.
Q. Do you believe you had more than four pounds?
Farmer. I believe I had.
Q. Do you believe you had more than five pounds?
Farmer. I believe I had not above that. Mr. Hopton has himself brought some of the same sort of stuff to try, when he has made a fresh pot of glass or paste.
Q. When the prisoner brought this, did not he tell you where he had it from?
Farmer. He said his master sent it to be tried.
Q. How came he to leave it?
Farmer. When they bring it, they never carry it back again.
Q. What did you give him the half guinea for?
Farmer. When he said he had brought the value of four or five pound, I said here i half a guinea. He said his master sent it to have it tried, and to leave it when he brought a piece.
Q. to Hopton. Did you ever go yourself to try any of your glass at Farmer's house?
Hopton. I believe I have, but I never sent Dixon there with any of this sort of paste, and I believe I never went with this paste there: I believe it was the common glass, called cane, which I sent and carried there; some of these pieces weigh about five pounds a piece.
Farmer. I was an ignorant man when I was first drawn in, and now I suffer for it; it was not worth so much to me, for I never made any use of it: I use nothing but in the common way.
Q. Upon your oath, what do you take it to be worth a pound?
Farmer. It may be worth half a crown or three shillings a pound; I buy for a shilling a pound that which answers my end as well as that, of Mr. Hopton.
Prisoner. When I carried some to try, I carried a piece bigger than ordinary and gave him, for which he gave me half a guinea, and I thought it was six-pence.
Q. to Farmer. Did you tell him what money you had given him?
Farmer. I told him it was half a guinea. I said, here is half a guinea for you.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did you ever buy any glass of any body else besides the prisoner?
Farmer. Yes, several times.
Q. Did not you say before the justice, you had bought of so many people, that it was impossible to say who you had each piece of?
Farmer. I have dealt with a great many people to be sure.
Hopton. ( The glass paste produced in court.) This is our property.
Q. Are you certain of it?
Hopton. I am. There is nothing of the kind in town besides what I make.
Q. Have you not sold some of this kind?
Hopton. I have never sold a pound of it.
Q. How much is there of it?
Hopton. Here is thirteen pound and a half of it; I made it but in June last.
Q. to Farmer. Upon your oath, where did you get this paste?
Farmer. I had some of it of the prisoner, but I cannot say which piece. I believe I had some of the green of him, but I cannot say this is the same.
Q. Did you buy any green paste of any body else?
Farmer. Yes.
Q. Where?
Farmer. I have had green paste from over the water.
Q. to Mr. Hopton. What is this paste worth?
Hopton. This is worth two pounds twelve shillings; I value it at four shillings per pound: I brought nothing away from Farmer's but what I am positive to. I left a great deal behind me that I believe to be mine.
Mr. Alexander. I am a neighbour to Mr. Hopton, who called upon me to go along with him to search Farmer's house for this glass. Mr. Farmer has not been so candid in this affair as he ought to have been; he gave full proof before justice Fielding of this affair: We took him in custody, having found a large quantity of paste in his house; there was some purple paste in his house that was sworn to be Mr. Hopton's property, it was known by its having some miscarriage in the melting pot, which brought it home to be Mr. Hopton's property. Farmer at that time did acknowledge that he bought that identical piece of paste of 
               
                  Jesse 
                  Dixon 
               



             at the bar; he said he gave him rum and water, and half a guinea, and then Dixon acknowledged he received half a guinea in gold of Farmer for this paste.
Q. Did the prisoner acknowledge his taking of it?
Alexander. He there said his master sent him out with it to have it tried, and that he took more than his master gave him leave to take.
Q to Farmer. What did you say before justice Fielding about rum and water?
Farmer. The prisoner had 3 six-pennyworths of rum and water.
Q. Did you give him that?
Farmer. I did.
Q. Was there no particular piece of glass, which you swore to before justice Fielding, that you had of the prisoner?
Farmer. I swore I had some green paste of him.
Q. Did you swear any of this is it?
Farmer. I believe it may be it.
Q. Did you or did you not swear to a particular piece of green paste which you had of the prisoner?
Farmer. Yes, I did; but this is not the piece I believe.
Q. Look at this particular piece. (He takes it in his hand.)
Farmer. It was this piece that I had of the prisoner.
Q. to Hopton. Are you sure that this particular piece is yours?
Hopton. (He takes it in his hand.) I am sure it is.
Q. to Farmer. How came you to remember a particular piece, when you say you have dealt with so many others of Mr. Hopton's servants?
Farmer. Mr. Hopton's clerk has brought me some to try.
Q. Have you ever bought any of him?
Farmer. No, I never did.
Q. Did you ever buy any paste of any other of Mr. Hopton's servants besides the prisoner at the bar?
Farmer. No. I purchased a great deal of Mr. Hopton himself.
Q. What paste?
Farmer. I have had no paste but what I had in this way.
Q. How much paste did the other clerk bring try?
Farmer. A little piece.
Q. Did you ever give him any money?
Farmer. No, I gave him no money at all.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took a large piece, bigger than ordinary, and he gave me a piece of money which I thought was a six-pence, saying, here is something to drink; which I thought a little odd. I would have paid for some rum and water, but he would not let me; and looking at my money in the morning, I found it to behalf a guinea.
Q. to Farmer. Did you ever agree with the prisoner at so much a pound?
Farmer. No.
For the Prisoner.
Mr. Straw. I am a staymaker, and have known the prisoner 16 or 18 years.
Q. What is his general character?
Straw. He is a very honest young fellow as ever I knew, and I never heard a miss word of him before; I never was so surprised in my life as when I heard of this affair. I believe that nobody, to do him justice, can give him an ill word.


                  Mary 
                  Wooton 
               



            . I have known him I believe a dozen years. I have been a housekeeper twenty years in White-friars, and never heard any thing amiss of his character before now.
Q. What is your business?
M. Wooton. My husband is a carpenter, and free of the city of London.
Mrs. Eastern. I am a publican; the prisoner is a tenant of mine, and I look upon him to be a very honest man.
Q. How long have you known him?
Mrs. Eastern. I have known him but a short time, but have had a good character of him from people of credit.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


