






68, 69. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bail 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Ralph 
                     Barker 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lawson 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; on the 2d of November
, about the hour of two in the night, and stealing two linen curtains, value 10 s. two linen and worsted curtains, value 10 s. a linen and worsted coverlid, three linen and woollen bed vallances, one callico settee cover, one piece of silk, two woollen blankets, one pair of linen sheets, and one candle branch, the property of the said John, in his dwelling-house
            . +



                  Elizabeth 
                  Cole 
               



            . I am house-keeper to 'Squire Lawson in Lower Grosvenor-street


; the house was locked up and nobody in it, the family were in the country; Justice Spinnage wrote to my master the house had been broke; I came up about the 7th of November, and found the things mentioned in the indictment were taken away, (mentioning them by name;) the bricks of the kitchen window were taken out, and a hole made, and a pannel of the footman's pantry window taken out.


                  John 
                  Pemberton 
               



            . On Monday night the 2 d. of November, before the clock struck three, I was sitting in my watch-box, Ball came by with a bundle on his back; I took him to the watch-house, When I came to Holles-street, he said to the other prisoner, Ralph, come along and speak, you know where I had the things; when we came to the watch-house, I asked what things were in the bag; he said, there are something of every thing, good and bad; I said, that is no answer; then he said there were bedding; I looked, and found there were the things laid in the indictment; when I came out of the watch-house, the other prisoner was standing there; he said, what have you done with the old clothes-man; the next morning I took Ball before the Justice; there he said he bought the things of Ralph and two women; soon after Ralph came, Justice Spinnage took him backwards and examined him; upon enquiring, I found Mr. Lawson's house had been broke; then we went to the house and found the bricks out of the wall under the kitchen window, in the area; then we went up stairs and found the bed furniture gone; (the goods produced and deposed to by Mrs. Cole as Mr. Lawson's property.)
Ball's defence.
I was coming through Grosvenor-square, I overtook my fellow prisoner Ralph; I asked him my way to Holbourn; we soon heard a woman cry murder; 
               
                  Ralph
               


             the chairman went on and fell over these things; we thought to carry it somewhere till morning, to hear whether it would be advertised.
Barker's defence.
Ball and I were shipmates together on board the Namure; I met him in Grosvenor-street with the bag on his back; he desired me to go home with him; I turned back and went; the d - l a tumble had I, I did not tumble over any thing.


                  William 
                  Stanback 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Gravener 
               



             appeared, and gave Barker the character of an honest man.
Ball 


               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
Barker 

               Acquitted
            .
