





464. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Webb 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a canvas bag, value 1 d. thirty-one guineas, thirty-two half guineas, and two shillings in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wright 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Gray 
                  



                
            : it was laid also for stealing the said bag and money, the property of persons unknown, July 16
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Bradford 
               



            . Last Friday sevennight I was going up White-Lion-alley


; I saw the prisoner and 
               
                  Elias 
                  Ware 
               



            , clerk to Smith, Wright and Gray, struggling together. Ware had hold of the prisoner, and the prisoner was striving to get away; Ware called to me, and begged, for Christ's sake, I would stop that man, for he had robbed him of near 50 l. upon which I ran up and seized him by the collar, and the moment I laid hold on him he flung something from him, down into a cellar opposite to him. I told Ware, whatever he had lost, the man had flung down into that cellar; we took him into the shop, and the man of the house and Mr. Ware went down into the cellar, while I took care of him; they came up, and said they could find nothing: they went down again with a candle, and brought the bag up, and when they had told the money over, there wanted a guinea, upon which Ware went down and brought up two half guineas. The bag was not tied but twisted round at the neck. We took him before my Lord-Mayor, and he was committed. Mr. Ware and his masters are Quakers, and he will not swear.
Edward Williams, the master of the cellar, confirmed the account of finding the bag and money.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
