






42. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Harrington 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of leather breeches, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hunt 
                  



                
            , Sep. 15

. +


                  John 
                  Hunt 
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Carr, at the Duke of Argyle's Arms, Oxford-road



; I went into the country about June, I returned about a month ago; I left my box in an apartment where post-boys and hostlers had access: Mr. Carr sent for me; there was a coat, waistcoat, and a pair of buckskin breeches missing; the prisoner worked in the yard; he had been examined by my master, and acknowledged he had taken them.


                  Thomas 
                  Levington 
               



            . I am a salesman in Monmouth-street; the prisoner brought a pair of buckskin breeches, and offered them to sell; we suspected he stole them; he said he would bring the man they belonged to; he went away and did not return; I kept the breeches. After that he was brought in custody of a constable; they claimed them, and they were delivered to the constable; (produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)
Mr. Carr deposed to that of the prisoner's confession.




               Guilty 10 d.
            

(M.) He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing a whip-stock, value 3 d. a circingle, value 9 d. and two dozen of iron fishing-hooks
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wilkinson 
                  



                
            , Oct. 22

. +
These goods were found upon the prisoner at the same time the breeches were searched for, and which be acknowledged to Mr. Carr be had stolen.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
