





211. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pharaoh 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a china bowl, value 20 s. and a china pint mug, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Kew 
                  




               
            , Feb. 16
. +


                  Christopher 
                  Kew 
               



            . I am a victualler
, and live in Fenchurch-street


; on the Wednesday before last, about a quarter before eight at night, a servant girl belonging to a neighbour, came and desired us to take care, saying there were two or three fellows wanted to rob us; there was 
               
                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            , a black, in the house, I desired him to go up one pair of stairs, and watch if any body came; he went up, and when they were taking the bowls out he jumped out at the window, and took one of them; we took him before my Lord Mayor, there he was at his liberty to go to the East-Indies, or take his trial here; he chose to go to the East-Indies; after he came from there, he was desired to tell who was concerned with him; he said, if we would go over the water, we might find some of them, saying there were three more of them; we went and found the prisoner.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . I was up at the window, ready to open it to jump out; I saw three of them come up to the casement that opens into the bar; I saw one of them make three attempts, and the fourth time I jumped out, and took 
               
                  Pawley
               


             the evidence; the window is about ten feet from the ground; I took so much notice of the prisoner, I am sure he took out something twice.

Prosecutor. I missed a china bowl and a mug, and other things are gone, I cannot tell what.


                  William 
                  Pawley 
               



            . I have known the prisoner four months, or half a year; he was with me when that black laid hold of me; we had made several goes at the things; we had taken out a china bowl and mug, and a pint bason; there were four of us, 
               
                  Uriah 
                  Hudable 
               



             was one, and the other named Tom, but I do not know his other name; the black jumped out of a window, and took me; I agreed before my Lord Mayor to go to the East-Indies; the prisoner is the person that ran away with the bowl; he flung that away, and it was broke; I took the prosecutor over to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear 
               



             in the Mint, there the prisoner was taken.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw that evidence Pawley in my life; I am a waterman
, and served my time at Paris-garden.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
