





198. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Gilbert 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen handkerchief, val. 18 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Gapper 
                  




                
            , April 24
. ++


                  Charles 
                  Gapper 
               



            . On the 24th of April, about a quarter of an hour before 6 in the afternoon, as I was under Newgate


 I felt something at my pocket, I turned round immediately, and saw my handkerchief in the prisoner's hand; I said, you rascal, you have got my handkerchief. He said, is this your handkerchief, then you are welcome to it. He was taken to the Fountain tavern, and two other handkerchiefs found upon him. (The handkerchief produced in court, and deposed to with the letters C. G. upon it)


                  Francis 
                  Manning 
               



            . Mr. Gapper had been at my house in Cannon-street, and we were going together, he had hold of my right arm with his left; he started, and turned about, and said his pocked was picked; this was under Newgate) there was the prisoner with his handkerchief in his hand, it was so momentary I cannot tell which hand he had it is.
Q. Did the prisoner say which way he came by it?
Manning. No, he did not then, but about 10 minutes after, when we had him in the Fountain tavern, he said two boys ran by him, and threw it upon his hand.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been on the other side the water to see a kinsman, going home through Newgate there were two boys and a man; I had been drinking a little more than did me good. I was throwing my hands about, the gentleman turned round, and said, his pocket was pick'd. The handkerchief was thrown upon the cape of my coat; the gentleman said, you rascal, you have got my handkerchief. I had not power to speak at that time. The two boys ran, one on one side, and the other on the other, of the gentlemen. I said, the handkerchief is none of mine, if it is yours you are welcome to it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried by the name of Sparks, No 277. in the mayoralty of Mr. Alderman Janssen, for stealing a quantity of pewter.
