






302. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Owen 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two cloth coats, val. 30 s. and a silk waistcoat, val. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Brown 
                  



                
            , June 20

. ++


                  Richard 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live in Great Russel-street



. On the 20th of June, betwixt 5 and 6, I missed the coats and waistcoat in less than 10 minutes after I had hung them on the back of a chair in my bed-chamber, up one pair of stairs; I carried a waistcoat of the same cloth of one of the coats to shew among the salesmen, that they might stop the coat if brought to sell.


                  Arnold 
                  Pritchard 
               



            . Mr. Brown shewed me this waistcoat, (producing one) in order that I might stop the coat if brought; after that I saw the prisoner with the coat on his arm, I took him into a public-house in King-street, and sent for Mr. Brown, who owned it; it appears to be of the same with the waistcoat. (Produced.)
Brown. This is my coat. I asked the prisoner what he had done with the other coat and waistcoat? he said he had left them with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Butterley 
               



            , at the Crown, Broad St. Giles's; I went and found there had been such a woman there, but she was gone.
The prisoner, in his defence, said a woman desired him to go with her to Monmouth-street, to sell the cloaths; he went on, and she staid behind, and he was stopped.
Pritchard. He never mentioned a woman till he was at the Compter.



               Acquitted
            .
He was a 2d time indicted for 


               stealing a silver pap-boat, val. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Goodgar 
                  



                
            , June 22

. ++


                  Mary 
                  Gibson 
               



            , servant to the prosecutor on Tower-hill



, deposed, she was feeding the child with the pap-boat, a man rang at the door, she went with the child in her arms and opened it, it was the prisoner, he never spoke to her, nor she to him, she thought he was one of the workmen; he went in, and in a little time came down, and she shut the door after him; and went into the room, and immediately missed the pap-boat.


                  George 
                  Rutherton 
               



            . I am a goldsmith at Aldgate. On the 22d of June, between 6 and 7, the prisoner brought this pap-boat to sell, (producing one very much doubled and bruised) he said he had found it in the common shore; I observed it sticky, as if a child had lately fed out of it, I charged a constable with him, then he said he found it on a dunghill; I advertised it, and so came to the knowledge of the owner.
M. Gibbons. This is the same boat which I had been feeding the child with, and which was lost.
The prisoner in his defence said, he found it among some rubbish, as he was digging up some brick-bats.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
