






442, 443. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hatchman 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  Eleanor, otherwise 
Nell Dennison


            , spinster
, were indicted, the first for 


               stealing a silver mug, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     French 
                  



                
            , widow
; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , June 5

. ++


                  Ann 
                  Drake 
               



            . I live with my mother 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  French 
               



            , at the Crooked Billet, King-street, Tower-hill



: On the day after the King's birth-day, the two prisoners and three men came into our house between nine and ten at night; they were in the tap-room by themselves; there was a silver pint mug stood on a dresser just within a window in the next room, close to them; the man at the bar went away, and left the company; and soon after the mug was missing. We took the rest in custody, and searched them; but no discovery was made, till M'Kenzie and Ryan were taken up on another robbery, and Ryan turned evidence.


                  Hugh 
                  Hughes 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutrix: I was called away, and I put down a silver mug on the dresser, where was only a window that would shove up, betwixt the prisoner's company and that: I put it down while they were sitting there: In about five minutes time the mug was missing; then the two prisoners were gone. When Ryan was taken up, he said the prisoner Hatchman took the mug; we took Hatchman up about a month after; he said he knew Ryan well enough.
Jeremiah Ryan, M'Kenzie, 
               
                  John 
                  Gorman 
               



            , a black, Hatchman, and two women, went into that house to drink; there was a silver mug put upon a dresser; there was a window betwixt; we were a good while before we could get it up; at last M'Kenzie lifted it up, and Hatchman put his hand in, and took the silver mug, and put it into the lining of his coat. and soon went out. We were afraid of being taken; so M'Kenzie paid the reckoning: we went out of the house; we were not got twenty yards before they followed us and brought us back; we were taken to the watch-house on Tower-hill. We met Hatchman about a week after we were cleared; we asked him where he carried the mug; he said, To 
               
                  Nell 
                  Dennison 
               



            , on Salt-petre Bank; that he broke the handle off and gave her that: she lived in Hog-yard, Salt-petre Bank. We saw Hatchman after that in Shoreditch; he had but a shilling about him, which he gave to M'Kenzie, and said he would give us more when he had it.
Hatchman's Defence.
I know nothing at all of it.


                  Ann 
                  Drake 
               



             and Hughes were both asked if they remembered Ryan being one of the company: They answered they did.
Hatchman, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Dennison, 

               Acquitted
            .
