





96. (L.) 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Hale 
               



             was indicted, for 


               that he in a certain alley and open place, in the parish of St. Brides, near the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Isaacs 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and violently taking from his person, one man's hat, val 5 s. and one perrewig, val. 5 s. the property of the said Henry
            , Nov. 30
. ~
At the desire of the prisoner the witnesses were examined apart.


                  Henry 
                  Isaacs 
               



            . I live in shoemaker-row, I am a musician
. I was coming home between 2 and 3 o'clock on the 30th of Nov. I met the prisoner and another man, they were sometimes before and sometimes behind me, near the new church in the Strand; when I came in Fleet-street


 I began not to like them, they kept talking to me, forcing their discourse. I said to a watchman, if you'll go with me to any house that is open I will give you any thing. He said, he could not, he having a gentleman to attend. The prisoner and the other man said, there is a house up over the way under a gate way, the other man went and knocked at the door, then the prisoner gave me a slight push, upon which I fell down; I called watch, and a watchman and 3 gentlemen came immediately.
Q. Was you sober?
Isaacs. I believe I was.
Q. Had you been drinking?
Isaacs. I had been playing at a tavern, I think it was the Bedford arms under the piazzas. I am no drinker. I had drank 2 or 3 small glasses of wine, but I know I was not fuddled. The prisoner and his companion ran quick away.
Q. Did you ever get your hat and wig again?
Isaacs. No, never.
Q. Did you see either the prisoner or the other stoop?
Isaacs. No, I did not. I left a description with the constable of the prisoner when I was in the watch-house; after that the prisoner was taken up on another account, I knew him again.
Q. from the prisoner. How was I dressed?
Isaacs. He had a short jacket and boots on, a small round hat with a lace on his hat, and he said he was at Birmingham at the same time.


                  William 
                  Bedington 
               



            . The prosecutor left a description of the prisoner with me at the watch-house: about 3 weeks after 2 young women came to me and said they had been robbed by a man. I went as they directed me, and took up the prisoner near St. Dunstan's church; then, he answering the description given, I sent for the prosecutor, who came and swore he was the man that pushed him down. I saw the prisoner the night before this was done in Fleet lane.


                  John 
                  James 
               



            , a watchman, deposed, the prosecutor had desired him to shew him an alehouse up, and he would treat him, but having another gentleman under his care he could not, but after that he heard watch called, he went and saw the prosecutor standing without his hat and wig; that the prosecutor said he had been knocked down, and had lost his hat and wig; he looked about, but the two men he had seen with him before were gone. The Prisoner said in his defence, he was not guilty of the fact.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
