





303. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rigman 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a leather pocket-book, value 12 d.
             the property of Sir


                     Gregory 
                     Olive 
                  




                
            , May 14
. +
Sir 
               
                  Gregory 
                  Olive 
               



            . Yesterday between one and two o'clock, I was attending a trial at Guildhall


; I found a man pressed behind me; I missed my pocket-book, I charged the prisoner, he denied it; I took him out under the gate-way; he then begged my pardon, and produced my pocketbook out of his breeches.


                  William 
                  Woolcomb 
               



            . We were upon a trial at Guild-hall; Mr. Olive stood very near me: he missed his pocket-book; he told me he had a suspicion of the person behind him, which was the prisoner; he said he lost it that instant; we charged the prisoner, he held up his hands and said, feel me; a gentleman by us said, take him by and examine him; we took him out on the back part of Guildhall, just by the gate-way; there we examined him; he said he had nothing; we made him pull off his coat; he then fell down on his knees and begged for mercy, and put his hand in his breeches and pulled out the pocket-book.
Prisoner's defence.
I was hearing the trials, and saw the pocketbook lying on the floor; I took it up, and put it in my breeches pocket; I did not know who it belonged to; the gentleman asked me for his pocket-book, I was very stupified and could not answer at first, but I did produce it to the gentleman, and said, I picked it up from the floor in the court. I am a Swede, and have been in England ever since the year 1763.
To his character.
Mrs. Macdaniel. I live in Rosemary-lane; I have known the prisoner going on three years; he lived in the neighbourhood, and dealt with me, he was very honest in all his dealings.
Q. How has he lived since he came to England?
Macdaniel. He has lived upon what he brought from sea; I do not know what business he is of.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Lee 
               



            . I have known him two years come Whitsun-Monday, he is a very honest just man.



                  Michael 
                  Macdaniel 
               



            . I am husband to the first evidence; I have known him two years; I have found him very honest since I knew him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
