





85. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two pieces of bombazeen, containing 110 yards, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Barbutt 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Hilyer 
                  



                
            , Dec. 7
. ++


                  Stephen 
                  Barbutt 
               



            . Mr. 
               
                  Philip 
                  Hilyer 
               



             is my partner
. On the 7th of December we lost two pieces of bombazeen: we immediately dispersed handbills about, with two guineas for each piece. That did not produce any thing. I think they were advertised the Thursday following in the Daily Advertiser, offering the same reward, and in a day or two after we received information from 
               
                  John 
                  Davis 
               



            , that he could inform me who took them, and where they were. I went by his direction, and took up the prisoner, he is a journeyman weaver. Then we went to the prisoner's lodgings and found the two pieces mentioned. One of them is marked with our number, the other is not; one I can with certainly swear to, the other I believe to be mine. The prisoner said before the magistrate he heard a riot in the street, he went out and found them lying, he took them and threw them over a wall for security, but this was a night before I lost them.


                  John 
                  Davis 
               



            . I am a buckle maker, and live in Tottenham-court-road: the prisoner is a slight acquaintance of mine, he was with me one Sunday, I heard him say he had some things by him that he thought would make about 10 l. I understood they were bombazeens. The next day his brother-in-law came to me and said, he never would do his sister any good. As we were drinking together the prisoner and one Fagan came in; there I understood Fagan had the goods in his custody, and he was to have half the money when sold. This was at the Eagle and Child in Spitalfields; the prisoner came part of the way home with me. I told him they were advertised: he said he wished he had sold them before they were advertised.
Q. How did he then say he came by them?
J. Davis. He said he had found them. He spoke as if he wanted me to take them into my custody; I agreed to it, thinking to make a discovery.


                  Thomas Herbert 
                  Core 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Barbutt. The prisoner escaped from the constable on the 14th of December, after he was retaken I went to see him in the Compter, there he said he kept them with a view to see them advertised, and not with intention to sell them.


                  Samuel 
                  Buridge 
               



            . I am the officer that took the prisoner: going to New Prison I asked him what made him go into that warehouse where he never was before; he said he was there once before to ask for work. I said what made you go in on Saturday morning, he said he was going by and saw the door open and he went in, he saw nobody there, and took the pieces, and carried them to King John's-court, where Fagan lives. (The bombazeen produced in court.)


                  Edward 
                  Conner 
               



            . I am a weaver, and live in King John's-court. The prisoner came and knocked at my door, I was at breakfast, between 10 and 11, he ran up stairs with these goods to Fagan, who lodged there, and asked him if he had any place to put them in, I went up and said, What are they? he said he did not know. I said they are stolen goods, they shall not stay here. I believe these pieces here produced are the same, I made him send them back again.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing about them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
