







352, 353, 354. (M.) 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Pomfret 
                     







            , 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Lambert 
                  



                
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  
                     Aaron 
                     Samuel 
                  



                
            , were indicted, the two first for 


               stealing a silver tankard, val. 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Warricker 
                        



                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , May 7

. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Warricker 
               



            . I live at the Brown Bear, Goodman's fields



, a public house; the two women at the bar came to my house on the 7th of May, about three or four o'clock, and went away betwixt six and eight in the evening. There were five or six of them in company in the common tap room: they drank porter in a silver tankard: I was not very well, and went to bed about 9 or 10. The tankard was not missed till the next morning; then we recollected the two women who had been drinking out of it last: they went for sisters: Pomfret was taken that very night, and carried to the watch-house; and the next morning, before the bench of Justices, she confessed that she was the very person that stole my tankard: she had confessed it before me and two or three others before we went there. On the Friday morning Lambert was taken, and they were both at the Justice's together. Lambert owned she had part of the money the tankard was sold for: they both said, they employed 
               
                  Aaron 
                  Samuel 
               



             to sell it for them: I think they said they sold it for 31 s. that Lambert had a crown, Aaron had 2 s. for his trouble, and Pomfret had about 28 s. and that Samuel had sold it somewhere in Houndsditch. Pomfret said the tankard was in his possession all that night, and the next morning he brought the money. Lambert said, she knew her sister, whom she called Pomfret, stole the tankard, and they went directly to the Jew, and he sold it. We took up the Jew; he confessed he had the tankard in his hand, but said he gave it them again. I never got my tankard again.


                  John 
                  Lawrence 
               



            . I went to seek for Pomfret, and found her very drunk; I could then get nothing out of her. I led her to the prosecutor's house; the next morning she told me I should find Lambert at Mrs. Maloy's house: I went and found her there; I took her to the prosecutor's house; there she confessed that Pomfret took the tankard, and carried it to 
               
                  Aaron 
                  Samuel 
               



            , and he sold it; and said she would go along with me, and find him. We went to his lodgings; she knocked at the door; he opened it, and let her in, and I pushed in afterwards, and said, Did you see this woman and another with a silver tankard last Monday night? he said, Yes, they brought a tankard to me; I had it in my hand, but I gave it them again. I said, Certainly you must know how that was come by, as there was my father's name on the bottom of it. He said, he could neither read nor write. I took him to my father's house also; then the constable had brought Pomfret out ready to go before the justice. There Pomfret confessed she stole the tankard, and that Lambert went along with her to the jew to sell it, and the Jew gave her a guinea, a 6 s. 9 d. and 3 s. 3 d. halfpenny; and after that he asked for something for his trouble, and she gave him 2 s. When they came before the justice, they confessed the same. The Jew told me that one Lazarus Jacob had the tankard, and that he lived by the Hermitage. I went there, but could not find him.
Q. How did Pomfret say she took it?
Lawrence. She told me, that when she went out, she took it from the table, (I had seen it stand on the table by them); there were 28 ounces and some odd penny-weights of it.


                  Richard 
                  Coteril 
               



            . I heard Pomfret own she took the tankard, and sold it to the Jew in Houndsditch. The Jew said, he had the tankard on the Monday night, and delivered it to them again.
Pomfret's Defence.
I do not know what to say.
Lambert's Defence.
I know nothing about it, only what she told me herself; she knows I know nothing of it: what she told me, I told the Justice.
Samuel's Defence.
These women came to me at the Three Pigeons; Pomfret asked me if I would buy a tankard? I said, I am incapable; I have no money. She begged of me to take care of it till morning; I had it in my hand to be sure: I am as innocent of the affair as any man in the world: I returned it to her again.
He called Rose Jacobs, Mrs. Benjamin, and Abigall David, who gave him a good character.
Pomfret 


               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
Lambert and Samuel 

               Acquitted
            .
