





132. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lewin 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Heron 
                  




                
            , Esq
; March 5
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Heron 
               



            . I was walking in Fleet-street, by the King's head-tavern


. I felt something at my pocket; I turned round, and saw my handkerchief in the prisoner's hand. I seized him, and carried him cross the street, into Sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Gosling 
               



            's shop, and took the handkerchief out of his hand.
Q. How near was he to you, when you first saw him with the handkerchief in his hand?
Heron. He was at my right-hand, not so much as a yard from me.
Q. Do you know whether any part of it was hanging out of your pocket?
Heron. I do not know that it did; when we were before the alderman, he said, part of it hung out, and that it stuck to his fingers.


                  Benjamin 
                  More 
               



            . I am constable, I was sent for to Sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Gosling 
               



            's, to take charge of the prisoner at the bar. I searched his pocket there, and found another handkerchief upon him; seeing a mark upon it, he was asked what mark was upon it, but he could not tell; saying, he lately bought it. This silk handkerchief was delivered into my charge, [Producing one.]
Prosecutor. This is my property, and what I took out of the prisoner's hand that time.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Prosecutor. It was about eight in the evening.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming by the gentleman, and his handkerchief hung half way out of his pocket; and he turned round upon me, and said, I was going to pick his pocket.




               Guilty 10 d.
            

See him tried last sessions, No. 103. for picking Mr. Clark's pocket, of a handkerchief in Cheapside.




[Transportation. See summary.]


