





113. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Fogarty 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing six pounds weight of soap, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cowling 
                  




                
            , February 19
. *
John Cowling. On the 19th instant I was in the city about business.
Q. What are you?
Cowling. I am a tallow-chandler and soap-maker
. I came home in the evening, there were many people about my door, I found the prisoner in my shop.
Q. Did you know her before?
Cowling. She used to bring kitchen-stuff to my shop. I was informed she had taken some soap, and she had been searched, and two cakes were found upon her. The constable searched her in my presence, and found one cake of soap more upon her.


                  Sarah 
                  Alcock 
               



            , I live with Mr. Cowling, the prisoner came to sell some kitchen-stuff, which came to 2 s. wanting a half-penny, my mistress paid her. I saw her take one piece of soap, and told my mistress of it after she was gone. My mistress called her back, and charged her with it, she delivered one piece which she had upon her. The constable was sent for, and another piece was found upon her. Then my master came home, and she was searched again, and the third piece was found upon her. [Three cakes of soap produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Prisoner's Defence.
I came into the shop, and sold some kitchen-stuff; my mistress reckoned it came to 2 s. 8 d. halfpenny; she gave me bad half-pence. I wanted her to change them, she said, I might make them away as well as she, and bid me go about my business. The maid said, go you strumpet you, and pushed me against the door. I took up one of the wedges of soap, and gave her a stroke cross her shoulder with it, and threw it at her; my money was in the shop, she called me back again, then they stopped me.
For the prisoner.
Morgan Farrel. I have known the prisoner about twelve months, she used to buy kitchen-stuff, she used to come to my house and have a pint of beer, I never found she wronged me.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


