





562. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Dowle 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Serjeant 
                  




                
            , October 8
. +


                  Joseph 
                  Serjeant 
               



            . Last Monday was se'nnight, about four in the afternoon, I was in Cornhill, above the 'Change


, and stopped at a picture-shop about half a minute or a minute; in the mean time the prisoner was coming by. Mr. Decoster said, he saw the prisoner take my handkerchief out of my pocket.


                  Peter 
                  Decoster 
               



            . I saw the prisoner take this handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket. I seized him directly by the collar. (Produced in court).
Prosecutor. My handkerchief was of the same pattern as this.
Decoster. I called to the prosecutor immediately, and asked him if he had not lost a handkerchief? he felt, and said he had, and that this was it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been to Rosemary-lane. I am a founder
 by trade, and have worked for Mr. Moore, in Fetter-lane. I happened to come along Cornhill, and saw some people looking in at a picture shop, and saw a silk handkerchief lying under my feet; I took it up, and had gone but a few steps, before that gentleman seized me by the collar, and said, I took it out of that gentleman's pocket.

For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . I am a fanstick-maker. I have known the prisoner about twelve months. I never heard any thing amiss of him before this.


                  Samuel 
                  Dowle 
               



            . I am blind, and have sold gingerbread in Moorfields this twenty-eight years. I am his father.
Court. We suppose you'll give him a good character?
Dowle. Nature binds.


                  Samuel 
                  Bates 
               



            . I have known him from a child. I never heard any harm of him before.


                  Anne 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was born. He had a very good character before this.


                  Martha 
                  Griffice 
               



            . I have known him five years. I never knew him guilty of a fault before this. I am a fish-woman.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
