





95. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Connell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 5 s. and a waistcoat, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Forrester 
                        



                      
                  , Esq
; a hat, value 1 s. a pocket-book, value 2 d. and a pair of gloves, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gardner 
                  



                
            , December 27
. *


                  Robert 
                  Gardner 
               



            . I am coachman
 to Mr. Forrester; we have our stable at the Bull-and-Gate , Holbourn


: the things missing were in the stable I went out on the 27th of December, about five o'clock, and left all there safe; when I came back, about eight o'clock, I miss'd them: the coat and waistcoat were advertised by Mr. Wadley, in Monmouth-street, where we found them.


                  John 
                  Wadley 
               



            . On the 27th of December, in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop; and asked me if I would buy a coat and waistcoat: I seeing they were livery cloaths, asked him if he had a right to sell them; he said he had: that his brother was a livery servant to one Mr. Fleetwood, on Ludgate-hill, and he came from him. I agreed to give him 5 s. and a pair of red shag breeches; but said he must bring me some body of credit, to prove what he had said, or I would go with him to his brother; he then began to hesitate, and wanted to have the things again: I could not leave my shop, but sent my brother with him, who returned, and gave me room to suspect they were stole. I then advertised the coat and waistcoat, and Mr. Forrester's servant came and owned them, (produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I met a man in Queen-street, who had those cloaths on his arm; he desired me to go and sell them for him, and when I was stopt he ran away.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
