






395, 396. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Vincent 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bingly 
                  



                
             were indicted, for 


               that they, on the 6th of July
, about the hour of two in the night of the same day, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Easley 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and one pound weight of brass, value 6 d. and nine-pence in money, numbered, the property of the said Thomas, did steal
            , &c. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Easley 
               



            . I am a brewer, and keep a little public-house
 at Kensington Gravel-pits


: on Thursday night, the fourth of July, my wife found the two bolts of my cellar window were push'd back, on the inside, and the shutter had been opened; she told me of it; I went and found it as she said: the window opens into a little yard, on the back-part of the house.
Q. Are you sure it was bolted over night?
Easley. I bolted it myself on the Tuesday night: my wife had told in half-pence and silver to the amount of nineteen shillings on the Wednesday morning, and put it into a pewter pint wine measure, and set it on the cellar-head; they could come up the cellar stairs to it, but could not open the door to come into the tap-room: she turned it out on the Friday, and there was but twelve shillings and two-pence halfpenny remaining, and she had put in a shilling and some halfpence after she told it: I desired her to say nothing of it: I thought they would come again for the rest, so I sat up the next night, but nobody came. On the Saturday my son and I both sat up; we left the cellar window unbolted, and I had put a few halfpence into the measure. About two o'clock on the Sunday morning, we heard the window open: then I went out to the window, and call'd who was there: I call'd to a man; he came to my assistance; then I got a light and went down at the window; these were the two boys at the bar; one of them had emptied the halfpence into his hat: he threw his hat and all down: there were some of the halfpence lying in the hat, and the measure lay on the ground by it: I heard them throw'd down: I brought the boys up into the kitchen, and asked them if they had any body belonged to them; they said they had not: they owned they had been there on the Thursday night, and took seven shillings and a bottle of gin, which they said was the first time; and that they came on the Friday night, and took away a bottle of gin, and sold it to the soldiers for fourteen-pence.
Q. Did you know either of the prisoners before?
Easley. Vincent was apprenticed out of Kensington school; the gentleman at the school says he is fifteen years of age; Bingley says he is about the same age. I took them to the constable, who took the pieces of brass cocks out of Bingley's pocket.


                  William 
                  Hoane 
               



            . Last Sunday morning the two prisoners were brought to my house, and delivered into my custody: I searched them, and found this tinder-box, steel, and flint, (no tinder) in one of Vincent's pockets, and the other pocket almost full of gun-powder: I asked him how he came by that tinder-box; he said a boy gave it him to strike a light on the common, when they were at play; and I took these pieces of brass cocks out of Bingley's pocket. (produced in court and deposed to.) I found in his pocket four shillings; I asked him how he came by it; he said Vincent told him it was four shillings of the money they took on the Thursday night: I asked what they did with the rest of the money they took that night; Bingley said they had brought a pistol in Oxford-road, and had sold it again to the man they bought it of, for one shilling and ninepence.
Q. to Prosecutor. What money was in the measure on Saturday night?
Prosecutor. There was about a shilling or sixteen pence in halfpence.
Vincent's Defence.
The cellar window was not bolted.
Bingley's Defence.
Vincent told me he opened two bolts the first night: he shewed me the tinder-box when I came to him: I am but just come from Yorkshire.
Both 


               Guilty of stealing
            . 



               T
            .
Acquitted of the Burglary.
