





213. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Butler 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a leather bag, value one halfpenny, two guineas, five half guineas, and one nine-shilling piece
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hern 
                  




                
            , Feb. 21
. ++


                  Martha 
                  Hern 
               



            . My husband's name is Joseph; we keep the Horseshoe and Magpie alehouse
 in Wood-street, partly facing the Compter


. On the 21st of February, and apprentice that worked for a master carpenter came to get change for a couple of guineas; I went into a little room and took my bag out; I took my little boy with me to count the money after me, fearing a mistake. I had just counted one guinea upon the table, and was counting a second, and the boy was counting the first; the prisoner came into the room; he put his head over my shoulder, and asked where his score was, and said nobody shall pay my reckoaing but myself. I said, go your way, don't come plaguing me now; I took the silver up and put it in the bag, and fixed my eye on the money on the table, the boy said he has taken away your bag; I looked, and my bag of gold was gone. They said he was run out; people went out after him; he came back; I said, tell me where you have done the money, and I'll never tell you of it again; he denied knowing any thing of it stifly; we looked all about in the street, the sink-holes, and raked in the Kennel, but could not find it. The next morning, being sabbath-day, Mrs. Morton came in, and said have you heard of your loss; I said no; she said she would go and look, and asked where the prisoner was taken; I said betwixt Gold-street and here. She went and looked; soon after her husband came in and said, can you swear to your bag; I said I could. He said, what money was in it; I said there were two guineas, five half guineas, and one nine-shilling piece, wrapped in a piece of paper, in a leather bag twisted round. He held up a bag, and said, can you swear to this: said I, let me look at the top of it, and I'll tell you: he shewed me the top; I said that was it; then he delivered it, with the money and paper in it, as I had said.
(The bag and paper produced and deposed to.)


                  James 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I am sixteen years old; I was in the room with my mistress; the prisoner came in, and stood at the bottom of the table, speaking about his reckoning; I saw him snatch the money and go out directly. I told my mistress he had got her money; she found it was gone.


                  James 
                  Frazier 
               



            . I was at that house that Saturday night. I heard the prisoner make a noise about his score; I saw him come out of that room, and go out into the street directly; she came out and said, Butler had got all her money, and desired me to run out after him; I did, and met him about three yards from the place where the money was afterwards found; I asked him what he did there; he said he was going to see for Martha, a woman that he was acquainted with; he came back with me. He was committed, and he sent for me to the Compter. I asked him how he came to do such a thing; he said, I took it, and I think the d - l was in me.



                  Mary 
                  Morton 
               



            . I found the money opposite the Compter, betwixt a stone and a post: it might be thirty yards from the Horseshoe and Magote. I went and delivered it to my husband, and he carried it to Mrs. Hern.
Mr. Morton gave the same account that Mrs. Hern had done, concerning his bringing and delivering the money.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of the money; this lad Robinson has been guilty of those affairs; I can't say whether he did not take it and lay it there
He called Mr. Sergeant and Mrs. Butler to his character; the first had not known him lately, and the other could only say he was sober and honest when a youth, and served his time out.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
