





456 (L.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Haley 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a canvas bag, value 1 d. two 36 s. pieces, five half guineas, one 27 s. piece, and one 6 s. 9 d. piece, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Slogden 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , June 18
. ||


                  Richard 
                  Slogden 
               



            . On the 18th of June I happened to be in liquor; I picked the prisoner up, I do not know the place she took me to; I met with her in Cheapside; I know my money was safe in a canvas bag, buttoned in my pocket, the same as laid in the indictment (mentioning the separate pieces) as we walked together talking of things in our way; I believe I had not been in her company above half an hour, it may be not a quarter of an hour, before my purse and money were gone; I told her she had taken it, she denied it.
Q. What house had you been in?
Slogden. We had been in no house, I told her if she would return it, I would give her half a guinea, and let all drop; she still denied it; I took her down to the corner of the street, I was so much in liquor I do not know the street; upon that a watchman that heard the dispute between us came, I told him I had lost my money; he walked back with me to the place in the street where I missed it; we took her with us, we could not find it; I then charged the watch with her, they sent for a woman to search her in the watch-house; the woman found the money and purse upon her; she kicked and scratched a good deal, and was very unwilling to be searched, it was not in her apparel.
Q. Where had she concealed it?
Slogden. It was found in her body, the bag and money was all turned out in the watch-house; then the prisoner did not deny taking it.


                  Robert 
                  Evans 
               



            . I am a watchman; this gentleman was talking to the prisoner before I came up to him; he said she had robbed him; she said she had not got his money; I found there was a little demur between them; he told us, if we could find his money, he would give her half a guinea, and us another; he said his money was in a canvas bag; she was searched in the watch-house, and the money was found in the canvas bag in her private parts (the bag and money produced in court.)
Prisoner's defence.
They searched me in a very indecent manner, I picked the canvas bag up not far from the place where the gentleman and I were together; he gave me six-pence, I do not know that he dropped his purse; then he took it out of his purse.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
