





179. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Lare 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four quartern leaves of wheaten bread, value 2s. 8 d.
             property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Taylor 
                  




                
            , Feb 9
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am an hostler at the Spread Eagle in Gracechurch-street; last Monday was night I was in Fleet-street


, and saw the prisoner coming along, and a journeyman baker set his basket down at a silversmith's shop in the street, and left it; the prisoner walked backwards and forwards; at last he went and took four loaves out, and walked gently away. I followed him cross the way. I stopt him before he got two hundred yards, and said, where are you going with this bread; said he, I am going to serve my customers; very well said I, you had better come back to the baker, and he will give you intelligence where to carry them; he would not come back; I said, the first customer you go to, I'll charge you; when he got to the upper end of Chancery-lane, he went thro' some courts that I did not know; said I, I'll get at the first baker's shop a man to go along with you, because I know you are a very bad man; upon that he set out a running with the four quartern loaves under his arm; I cried, stop thief; nobody stopt him, till a baker's man stopt him in Red-lion-square; we brought him back to the place where he took the bread, then to Guildhall; there was a baker said he had lost four quartern loaves, he lives in Clare-market.


                  Robert 
                  Steel 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  David 
                  Taylor 
               



             in Clare-market. On Monday was se'nnight I carried bread out, and left my basket at the corner of a silversmith's shop the corner of Salisbury-court, Fleet-street; I went to serve some customers, so did not see the bread taken; but I have heard the prisoner say since, he took four quartern loaves out of a basket that stood at that place: I counted my bread when I went into Shoe-lane, and when I came back again, and I missed four quartern loaves.
Q. What reason did the prisoner give for taking them?
Steel. The reason he gave was, that he wanted both bread and money.
Prisoner's defence.
It was mere necessity; I had had neither victuals nor drink for two days, and had no money to pay for my lodging; I am a baker by trade.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
