





29. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Marlock 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two yards of velvet, value 15 s. a pair of velvet breeches, value 10 s. one linen shirt, value 1 s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 5 s. and one linen neckcloth, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , December 1
. +


                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



            . I keep a chandler's shop
 in Wapping


: on the 1st of December, betwixt five and six in the evening, the prisoner came and asked for a lodging; he seemed to be in liquor, and desired to be conducted up to bed; when the maid went up for his candle, thinking he was in bed, she returned, and said he was standing, with the candle in his hand, with all his clothes on: I was going up; he said. Hollo, who calls me? he met me on the stairs: I saw something stick out on his side; I took hold of him, and there found the things mentioned in the indictment, all but the two handkerchiefs: we secured him, and found the lock of a chest in that room where he was, to have been broke open, where he had taken the things out; the two handkerchiefs were taken out of his breeches before Justice Scott.
Mr. Wright and 
               
                  Lewis 
                  Udale 
               



             were at the finding the things upon him, and confirmed the prosecutor's testimony.
Prisoner's Defence.
That man never took any thing from me; I know nothing of the things, no more than the child unborn.
For the Prisoner.
Mrs. Ashmore. I have known the prisoner two years; he lives in Kent-street, on the other side of the water; he is a porter, and was taken at a nonplus; I know he is a very honest man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
