





277. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Casey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloath coat, val. 20 s. one cloath waistcoat, val. 5 s. one pair of metal buckles, val. 6 d. one pair of stone buttons, two silk handkerchiefs, and one perriwig
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Hickey 
                  




                
            , June 29
. ++


                  Timothy 
                  Hickey 
               



            . I lodge in a house of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Parsons 
               



            , at Islington


; last Wednesday morning about 3 o'clock the prisoner came and asked for a brother of his, that, he said, lodged there, but he had no brother there; soon after the cloaths mentioned in the indictment were missing; the prisoner was seen running down an alley with a bundle of cloaths, as fast as he could; I was sent for home, and told they were taken away about 5 o'clock; I went to seek after him, and found him at Finchley, at the house of Mr. Steward, and before I got him a quarter of a mile, he owned to the taking all the things. I stopped at an alehouse on the other side Highgate, there he gave me my wig; when we got to the Bull at Highgate there he delivered to me my buckles, and one silk handkerchief, they were in a woman's custody that he kept company with, her name was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dawson 
               



            ; at first he said he had pawned the rest of the things in Holborn, after that he said he had sold them to an old cloaths man. (The handkerchief and wig produced and deposed to.)


                  Anna Maria 
                  Harvey 
               



            , a milk-woman, deposed, she saw the prisoner go from Mr. Parsons's door with a bundle in the handkerchief produced, a little after 3 in the morning, and go towards White Conduit-fields, and about 1 or 2 in the day she saw him coming from Hornsey going towards Holloway with the same bundle, and gave the prosecutor an account of it, by which means he was taken.


                  Thomas 
                  Parsons 
               



             deposed, to that of the prisoner's confession.
The prisoner, in his defence, said, he saw the wig and handkerchief lying at a door, as he was going to his work; that he took them up, and kept them, but as to the other things he said he never saw them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
