







161, 162, 163. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     West 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Johnson 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Murray 
                  



                
             were indicted, the two first for 


               stealing 6 hempen sacks, val. 6 s. and 24 bushels of malt, val. 4 l. 17 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Graves 
                        



                      
                  , in a certain barge on a navigable river called the river Thames; it was laid over again to be 6 sacks, the property of persons unknown, and 6 sacks of malt, val. 4 l. 17 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Waring 
                        



                      
                  , in the barge of 
                     
                        John 
                        Graves 
                     



, and the last for 


               receiving the same well knowing them to have been stolen
            , March 13

. +


                  James 
                  Lyon 
               



            . I am a lighterman, servant to Mr. Graves, I took in 48 quarters of malt into my master's barge on the 10th of March, and on the 14th I missed three quarters of it, that is six sacks, the sacks were marked W. M. Henley.


                  John 
                  Doughty 
               



            . On the 13th of March, 
               
                  John 
                  West 
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Johnson 
               



            , and I, stole three quarters of malt from out of a lighter, and carried them to Mr. Murray's house.
Q. What is he?
Doughty. He is a public brewer in St. Ann's lane, Westminster.
Q. How were the sacks marked?
Doughty. I can't tell how they were marked.
Q. Did he know how you came by it?
Doughty. He did, or he would not have bought it so cheap; he had it for 18 s. a quarter.
Q. Do West, Johnson, or you, deal in malt?
Doughty. No; I am a gardner, and we all lie constantly in his house.
Mr. Freeman. I am constable; I went to search the prisoner Murray's house for the sacks the 28th or 29th of March; we found several sacks marked with different marks. Johnson sent for me and desired I would get him admitted evidence concerning the matter. He confessed to me, he had stolen this malt.
Q. Did you give him any hope that he should be admitted evidence?
Freeman. I did. (He produced two sacks.) These two sacks I found at Murray's house. When I took West, he desired I would get him admitted evidence; but I gave him no hopes that he should be admitted. He told me, he was concerned in taking the malt, and said, he had sold Mr. Murray thirty quarters; this was before the Justice. He also shewed us, where the malt was up one pair of stairs.
Q. to Lyon. Look at these two sacks here produced.
Lyon. These are the same marks of the sacks that I took into my barge from the wharf in Channel-row, Westminster.
Cross Examination.
Q. Where did you find the sacks?
Freeman. We found some in the brewhouse, and some in the hopper; I found six together under some barrels joining to Mr. Murray's premises, where people may go out of his yard to that.


                  John 
                  Dunkin 
               



            . On the 28th of last month I had a letter sent down to me to let me know, I had lost some of my malt. My servant went up on the Sunday to see after it, and it was safe; and on the Monday we missed seven sacks. I went to the New-court in Westminster, where they were examining the prisoner Johnson. One Child a constable said, he was the man that was found with some malt upon him; he seemed to make no confession at first. Afterwards he came in and made a confession, that he was the very man that stole part of my malt, and was carrying it in the night, when the watchman stopt him; this he confessed before the Gentlemen in my hearing. Mr. Freeman the constable went to search Murray's house, but by the way went in pursuit of West; we found him asleep in a public house before we came to Murray's house. He told us, he would go with us and shew us, where he pitched the malt, and told us, he put it in Mr. Murray's brewhouse. I had a sample of the malt in my pocket, that I had lost out of my boat, and by comparing it with some that I found, it appeared to be of the very same sort. We found six sacks of mine covered up under some bricks, in a little place by Murray's brewhouse, there was a way out of the brewhouse to that place.
Cross Examination.
Q. Is it not customary to have sacks left at one place and another where malt is delivered?
Dunkin. Certainly it is, but not to be hid in such a manner.


                  John 
                  Dolman 
               



            . On the 28th of last month I was requested by Mr. Ameck and Dunkin to go to the new Guildhall, Westminster, on account of the malt being stolen from them. I attended with them. Johnson came there, he pretended innocency respecting it. Soon after that, he came in again, and acknowledged to the stealing malt in company with Doughty and West; his confession seemed to be very intricate and dark; the Magistrates put him by. After that they sent out for West. When West came into court, he, without any promise, voluntarily said, I'll tell all I know. I have been guilty with Johnson and Doughty of stealing those different malts to the quantity of three quarters, or more, that we sold to Mr. Murray, from Mr. Graves, that they had carried away from out of the craft, for 18 s. a quarter.
Q. What might malt be worth at that time?
Dolman. I am not in the trade, but I know at that time it went at 33 s. 34 s. and 35 s. and 6 d. a quarter.
Q. How do you know that?
Dolman. I am very intimate with Mr. Ameck and Dunkin, and some times see their books. West turned himself to me, and added farther, I am got in a sad hole, and (to the best of my knowledge) said, If I am not hang'd, I don't care if I am transported, I then said, you should not have stolen the malt; he said no more, than Johnson and West were concerned with him.
From West. He says, I was concerned in selling three quarters of malt to Mr. Murray.
Dolman. The malt that the prisoner means now is Ameck and Dunkin's malt, but the three quarters of malt now in question is Mr. Graves's malt; a distinct affair.


                  James 
                  Randal 
               



            . I was at the searching Murray's house, I saw several sacks found with the mark HENLEY upon them; they were found on one side the hopper by Mr. Freeman and Mr. Dunkin, who took them out. I heard West say, he stole six sacks of malt, and sold them for 18 s. a quarter.
Q. What was malt worth a quarter at that time?
Randal. It was worth 36 s. a quarter.

Cross Examination.
Q. Is it customary when malt is sold, that the sacks are left by the owners?
Randal. The owners are so careful, that they will not let a sack be left if possible.
West's Defence.
I never had any concern in felling a grain of malt to this man, or any body else.
Johnson's Defence.
I have nothing to say, I am as innocent as the child unborn; I defy any body in the world to bring any thing against me, I have my serjeant here to my character.
Murray's Defence.
I never had any dealings with any of these men in my life. The sacks that were found in my possession I can give an account of, what were found not on my premises, I cannot.
Dunkin. In searching Murray's houses there were thirty beds in them, one bed we found made of nothing but sacks; there were on some of them marks in the same manner as these, part of west-country sacks. (He produced some pieces, the Jury inspect them.)
For West.


                  William 
                  Watson 
               



            . I have known West three or four years; I never knew any ill of him before now.
For Johnson.
Serjeant Hurst. I have known Johnson about four years, he has behaved extremely well as a soldier.
Murray called William Beach, a dealer in malt, near Little Chelsea, who had dealt with him betwixt three or four years, who said, he was a brewer, and kept a public house, who gave him a good character; and 
               
                  William 
                  Parsons 
               



            , a dealer in malt, who had traded with him, he gave him the same character; 
               
                  John 
                  Lowery 
               



            , in the Broad-way, Westminster, who had known him seven years; 
               
                  William 
                  Wate 
               



             of Great St. Ann's-lane, about five or six years; 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Hay 
               



            , about seven; 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Mearns 
               



            , about a year and a half; 
               
                  David 
                  Edwards 
               



             and Mr. Watson, seven years; and Mr. Mitchel, between seven and eight years; who all gave him the character of an honest man.

West
             and 
               Johnson


               Guilty
            




               Death
            .

Murray


               Guilty
            



               T. 14 years
            .
