






225. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Birch 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 6 wooden barrels fill'd with flour, value 38 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Slade 
               




             , June 1
. +


                  Wm 
                  Slade 
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Bethnal green; I know nothing of my own knowledge against the prisoner, 
               
                  John 
                  Burnet 
               



             can inform the court as to particulars.


                  John 
                  Burnet 
               



            . I am a corn dealer and lighterman; I sent a barge down, in order to fetch some flour from a mill. On the first of June, we brought the barge to the ship, and left it there, in order to work it on the next day. Then I sent my servant there; he return'd, and told me he miss'd 6 barrels of meal; we went out, and found the prisoner at the bar a washing his boat (he is a waterman) this was on the Monday morning, after he had sunk her in order to wash her; yet there were some stains of flour upon her. We took him in custody. I said you are a villain, you have robb'd me of 6 barrels of flour, tell me where it is; at last he told us it was at his house; we went and found it there, and weigh'd it, there were 900 and odd weight of it.
Q. Whose meal was it?
Burnett. The property of 
               
                  William 
                  Slade 
               



            . I was employed as his waterman; it was a particular order, only 3 bushels and a half in a barrel. The prisoner had taken out the heads of the barrels that had the brand marks on them, but I knew the barrels.


                  James 
                  Hays 
               



            . I loaded this vessel on the 31st of May, about 2 in the afternoon, and came to London with them on Sunday the 1st of June. I went down on the Monday morning, and found there were 6 barrels missing; then I came and told my master; we went down to enquire of people about Ratcliff Cross; we found the prisoner washing his boat, with some stains of flour on it; we charg'd him with taking the 6 barrels out of the barge; he own'd he had taken them, and brought them on shore, and that they were at his house. My master went to his house, but I did not, when I saw the vessels heads with the name W. Slade were taken away, but I believe the vessels to be the same we lost.
Prisoner's Defence.
On that Sunday I had been to Greenwich with a fair; staying there some time we drank pretty plentifully; I got a good deal in liquor, and lay down instead of stowing my boat; 3 men came, and bid me to carry them on board that barge; one of them jump'd into the lighter, then the other, and then the other. I said, for God's sake, what are you going to do; one 
               
                  drew
               


             a cutlass from under his coat, and swore I was a dead man if I spoke a word; they took out 6 casks, and I was to have half a guinea to let them be at my house; I thought they might belong to the lighterman; this was in the dead of the night, so that I have no witnesses.
For the prisoner.


                  Anthony 
                  Nicholls 
               



            . I am a block-maker; I have known the prisoner ever since he was a child.
Q. What is his general character?
A. Nicholls. I never heard any thing amiss of him till this; he was at my house the evening before this happened.
Q. How long did he stay?
A. Nicholls. He did not stay above 20 minutes.
Q. What time did he go away?
A. Nicholls. About 9 in the evening.


                  Edward 
                  Nicholls 
               



            . I am brother to the last witness.
Q. What are you?
A. Nicholls. I am a river pilot; I have known the prisoner ever since he was born.
Q. What is his general character?
E. Nicholls. I never knew any thing amiss of him.
Q. Do you know where he was that Sunday night?
E. Nicholls. No, I do not.


                  Samuel 
                  Grimes 
               



            . I am a waterman, I have known him ever since he was a child.
Q. What has been his behaviour?
Grimes. I know nothing bad of him before this fact happened.
Q. Do you know where he was on Sunday the 1st of June?
Grimes. No.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


