





310. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pain 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a parchment pocket-book, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Perkins 
                  




                
            , April 17
. ++


                  William 
                  Perkins 
               



            . I was going along at the top of Fleet-market


, as hard as I could; the prisoner rushed by me, and took my book out of my pocket; and another man here said, he saw him give it to a sailor. I saw him pull his hand from my pocket. Before I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             he called me aside, and said, he would tell me where the man was that had got the book: that, if I went to the Black Horse, at St. Giles's, I should find the man: Sir John sent there, but no such man could be found.


                  Cornelius 
                  Chapman 
               



            . On Tuesday, the 17th of April, about nine in the evening, going by the Fleet-market, the prisoner and a sailor pushed by me in a very odd manner; they went on before me: this gentleman and a young woman were walking together: I saw the prisoner go up to the side of him, and bring something from his side; what it was I cannot say: I saw him give it to the man in sailor's cloaths: the sailor made off with it. Mr. Perkins took hold of the prisoner, and said, you have picked my pocket: he said, me pick your pocket; no, by G -, I am as honest as yourself, and can bring persons to prove it. He desired to be searched.
Q. to Prosecutor. When had you your pocketbook last?
Prosecutor. I am quite certain I had it in my pocket not a moment before.
Prisoner's Defence.
It is all malice: I am innocent of the affair.
For the prisoner.
Whittington Dumain. I have known him about nine years: he is a very honest worthy man: he served his Majesty all the last war.


                  William 
                  Moody 
               



            . I have known him ten years: I never heard any thing amiss of his character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
