





111. (L.) 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Hall , otherwise 
Howse




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cambrick handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hurnall 
                  




                
            , Esq
; Feb. 9
.~


                  Thomas 
                  Hurnall 
               



            . Coming down Fleet-street


 on the 9th of February, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I felt something at my pocket, I turned about, the prisoner was closest of all to me on my right hand; I took him by the collar, and said, you dog, you have picked my pocket of my handkerchief. I felt and found it was gone. I said I would take him into a shop just by. Another man came up and said, what are you doing with that man? he is as honest a man as any in England; then said I I'll have you in; he soon disappeared: I took the prisoner in, then the man in the shop, 
               
                  William 
                  Hore 
               



            , said, he saw the prisoner take my handkerchief out of my pocket. I saw it lying on the ground, it was taken up and given to me; the prisoner was dressed then like a gentleman, not as he is now; he said he was just come from sea.


                  William 
                  Hore 
               



            . I was shutting up our shop in Fleet-street, I saw the prisoner take a white handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and I called to the prosecutor; then the prisoner drop'd it close to a post, I took it up, and delivered it either to the prosecutor or a person talking to him. [Produced and deposed to.] There was no body so near the prosecutor as the prisoner was, and I was about two yards from them.


                  Thomas 
                  Peirshaw 
               



            . I am the constable that took the prisoner to Bridewell; he refused going along, and was within a little of making his escape from me.
Prisoner's Defence.
There were several people as near the prosecutor as I was; he searched me, and found nothing upon me. I was just come home from sea.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


