





287. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Vicars 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing forty pounds weight of solder, value 13 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Salter 
                  




                
            , May 2
. ++


                  John 
                  Salter 
               



            . I am a plumber
, and live in Bush-lane


; the prisoner came to live with me the 25th of April last, and continued in my employ till the 2d of May; that afternoon a neighbour came, and desired I would go to the Bell alehouse; I went; there was a bag produced, in which was three old cocks and a piece of solder, with the company's mark of the goodness of the solder, and the initial letters of my name upon it; I desired the people to let the bag be there, with the things in it, till evening; after I paid my men their wages, I should find which of them came to take it away; they had described the person that left it there, which I took to be the prisoner. I went home, and after some time I was sent for again, and told they had stopped the prisoner with the bag; I opened the bag, and found in the whole four pieces of solder, which, before broken, was one compleat piece of solder, about forty pounds weight of it. I asked the prisoner could use me so; he begged I would forgive him, and was very sorry for what he had done, and said, if I would let him go, he would be very honest for the future. I took him before my Lord Mayor on the Monday, he had been doing business at my Lord's house; he was asked, how he came by the solder; he said, he carried into his Lordship's house, and concealed it among some rubbish, but did intend to carry it home again to my house.


                  John 
                  Paterson 
               



             I live at the Bell. in Bush-lane; the prisoner came on the 2d of May, and asked leave to leave an empty bag, about noon; he came some time after, and put something in it, which proved to be solder; he came a second time, towards evening, and put something more in it; then Mr. Salter was acquainted with it; he came and saw it, and asked me to let it abide there; after which the prisoner came for it, and was stopped with it; my house is about 250 or 300 yards from the prosecutor's.


                  Joseph 
                  Puley 
               



            . I was at Mr. Paterson's on the 2d of May; Mr. Paterson took me into his yard, and told me the prisoner had left a bag, which he suspected had something in it that was not honestly come by; he asked me what was best to be done; I went and fetched Mr. Salter; there were some old brass cocks and some solder in it. Mr. Salter desired it might be there till his men had done work, and were paid, to see who came for it; the prisoner came there again, and put something into it, and went and drank some beer, and after that took the bag and was going away. I stopped him, and told him, his master had been and seen what was in it; then Mr. Salter was sent for again; there was then about 40 pounds weight of solder, and three old brass cocks.
Prisoner's defence.
I was at work at my Lord-Mayor's; I carried this solder there to make a joint; coming home on Saturday night, my master paid me my wages; I thought to bring the solder home; I was going to take it to his house, and they sent for my master.
Prosecutor. The prisoner was not at my Lord-Mayor's that day.
He called 
               
                  Thomas 
                  West 
               



            , 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Withers 
               



            , 
               
                  Mary 
                  Gamson 
               



            , and 
               
                  Martha 
                  Charles 
               



            , who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
