






367. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Richardson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint mug, value 36 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones 
                  




                
            , July 2
. +


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I keep the Salutation alehouse in Tavistock-street




; the prisoner used my house about a fortnight or three weeks, but I did not know where he lived; I lost a pint silver mug the last of June, or the 1st of July; there was an advertisement in the paper of the 1st of July, put in by Mr. Hemmings, describing the mug; I went there, and they described the prisoner, so I suspected him; I had intelligence of his being at the Star and Garter in Pall-mall; I went and took him, and carried him to Mr. Hemmings's, and from thence to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's.


                  Benjamin 
                  Leaver 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hemmings in Bond-street. On the 2d of July he called me out of the workshop into the parlour, and said the prisoner, who was there, had offered him a pint mug to sell, whom he suspected not to have come by it honestly; he desired me to go along with him to a person that was to give him a character; he had told Mr. Hemmings he lived in the neighbourhood, and there were people near that could give him a character; he took me to the corner of Lancaster-court in Bond-street, to a public house, and said he would send for a friend of his; he called for a pint of porter, and the people of the house sent for his friend; but before any body came, he ran away out at the back door. In our conversation going along, he told me the mug was sent him out of the country to dispose of; Mr. Hemmings advertised the mug, and the person that brought it, and Mr. Jones came and owned it; (produced and deposed to;) the next time I saw him was the Tuesday following, then Mr. Jones brought him to our shop.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going to drink a pint of beer, and met an acquaintance, a taylor; he asked me if I was a taylor; I said I was; then he asked me if I was a Dung; I said I was; he said he was a Dung also; that is, one that works for half a crown a day; he asked me to drink; I went with him; he went out, and I went after him, and when I came back again to the public-house, this man was gone; I went home to Pall-mall, I met this man again; he told me he had a pint mug to dispose of, and the dared not dispose of it, he being so shabby and ragged he desired me to do it; I gave consent, and said I would go the next morning; not going to work that morning, I went to this house in Bond-street, and from thence to Mr. Hemmings's with the mug; he asked me if it was my own; I said if he disputed it, I would carry any body to the house of the man that gave it me; he sent his man; the person was there that delivered it to me; when I went in. I saw him slip out at the back-door; I followed him down the street to Pall-mall, but could not overtake him, and have never seen him since; I never was in his company before in my life.
To his character.


                  George 
                  Hunter 
               



            . I am a chairman; the prisoner was brought up, and put out apprentice by the parish of Richmond in Yorkshire; I have been acquainted with him down to this time; he always bore a very good character.


                  George 
                  Vigers 
               



            . The prisoner served his time to the same man that I did, and he was servant to me three years after; he behaved very honest; I have been acquainted with him ever since he was three years old, till a fortnight before Easter last; he worked for Mr. Lynch in Pall mall.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
