





453. (L.) 
               
                  Eleazar 
                  Davis 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a gallon of brandy, value 2 s. one gallon of rum, value 2 s. two glass bottles filled with Lisbon wine, value 2 s. one glass bottle filled with Madeira wine, and one quart of porter, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wilkinson 
                  




                
            , August 1
.


                  Joseph 
                  Barrow 
               



            . The prisoner came to me one day, and said, We both want money and watches, and said he could put me in a way to get money: he ask'd me if I had any ordinary rum; he could sell it for 2 s. a bottle; he brought a bladder on the Sunday morning; I could not come at any; so I put about a quart of porter in it, and he took it away. On the Sunday following he came again; I got him two bottles of wine; he put them in a bag that he had, and carried them away. On the Monday he gave me two bladders in a bag; I put about a gallon of rum in one, and a quart of brandy in the other. He came on the Sunday morning following down into the cellar, and took them away in a bag. On the Sunday after, he said his mother was very ill, and wanted a little rum: after that he said she was no better, and she liked Old Hock or Madeira. On the Wednesday night he came, and I gave him some Madeira through the door.
Q. from prisoner. Did you not first put this to me, and I never ask'd you?
Barrow. I never did propose such a thing to him.


                  Mary 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            . Our casks are so large, it is impossible to miss liquor. Barrow confess'd this with the rest on the 22d of August, and after that more fully before Mr. Alderman Cockayne on the 24th.


                  Richard 
                  Jones 
               



            . The prisoner is my apprentice; I found these bladders and bag in an old hamper in my shop (producing them). This was after the lads were discovered. He is about seventeen years of age.
Prisoner's Defence.
Barrow owed me money; and whenever he offered it, I always told him, money was of more service to me than liquor.
Q. to Jones. How has the prisoner behaved?
Jones. He lately had a good deal of acquaintance that I did not like; on which account I did not chuse he should go out of my house after nine o'clock.
He called 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Solomon 
               



            , Thomas Green, and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Tappin 
               



            , who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
