





301. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dadsley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a hempen rope called a cable, containing 70 yards, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dixon 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Spencer 
                  



                
            . +


                  Francis 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am employed under 
               
                  Richard 
                  Dixon 
               



             and John Spencer, they are carpenters

 belonging to Black-friars bridge


; we having lost a great deal of rope at the works there, I got a warrant from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and had it backed by my Lord-Mayor; I took the prisoner up upon suspicion, and he was committed to the Compter; some cable was taken away on the 26th or 27th of February last, about seventy yards of it; I went to him after he was in the Compter, and asked him whether he knew any thing of the rope; he said, yes, he had taken some away, and had sold it to 
               
                  William 
                  Joyner 
               



             at King James's-stairs, Wapping, and owned it was the very cable we lost at that time; we got a search-warrant and went there, but found none there that I could swear to.
Q. Whose property was that rope?
Smith It was the property of Mess. Dixon and Spencer; the prisoner said it weighed 300 and a half weight.


                  Nicholas 
                  Love 
               



            . I am a mason, the foreman to the bridge; I was with the prisoner when before my Lord-Mayor, there he confessed he had taken the rope.
Prisoner's defence.


                  Richard 
                  Coe 
               



             * came to me and asked me to go along with him; he took me to the place and took the rope, and carried it down to King James's-stairs, and sold it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
* See Coe, No 279.
