





527. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Leith 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. and a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 10 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Robinson 
                  




                
            , Sept. 23
. *


                  Robert 
                  Robinson 
               



            . On the 23rd of September I had my watch at six in the afternoon, and the next morning I missed it, with my silver buckles; the prisoner was also missing from on board our ship in the river; I went in search of him, and found him; he confest he had taken them, and directed me where he had pawned the watch, and sold the buckles; I went and found the watch, and the buckles were knocked to pieces and melted down; I saw the brass chapes.
Mr. Allen. The watch was pawned to me, by 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Rawlins 
               



            ; the prosecutor came and owned it, and I delivered it to him.


                  Archibald 
                  Stranger 
               



            . The prisoner and a bad woman were brought to me on the 26th of September, by a watchman; and on the Monday morning, the prosecutor came, and charged him with stealing his watch and buckles from on, board a ship; when we came before the magistrates, he confessed he had taken them, and went to a house No 2. in the back lane, where he said he had given the watch to a woman to pawn; she confessed she had pawned it, and had the duplicate; the prisoner said he had sold the buckles to a silversmith, they were an old pair; the silversmith said he had melted them down; we took the woman to the pawnbroker's, and the watch was delivered to us, (produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Sarah 
                  Rawlins 
               



             was called but did not appear.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
