





260. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Garhwaite 
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing fifteen yards of printed linen for handkerchiefs, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Walker 
                  




                
            , March 11
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Walker 
               



            . I am a callico-printer
, and live in Wandsworth. I lost two pieces of printed linen, containing thirty-five yards and a half, blue and white, on the 11th of March, and received a letter on the Thursday following, acquainting me that the person that had stolen them was in goal. I went in answer to the letter, and found it so; and a piece of cloth I found at Mr. Forrest's.


                  John 
                  Forrest 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Nightingale-Lane, Wapping. On the 11th of March, in the forenoon, the prisoner brought this cloth to pledge with me; and as he did not give satisfactory answers to my questions, I stopped him and the cloth, and Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Darling 
               



             committed him. (Produced in court and deposed to by prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I belong to a ship. A man asked me several times to go to his lodgings to fetch some linen. Our ship lay at Rotherithe. He lay in one hammock, and I in another. He called me out of my hammock to go and fetch it. We went to my house, where he desired me to stay. He was not gone above a quarter of an hour, before he came back: then we went to the place where the ship lay. She was dropt down to Deptford. Then said he, As I want to buy some trowsers and jackets, we will go over to Rag-Fair and buy them. When we got there, he said, I have got some handkerchiefs, and I want to sell or pawn them. He desired me to go into that gentleman's shop to pawn them. I went in, and the gentleman stopped me.
To his Character.


                  Robert 
                  Goodfellow 
               



            . I live a Battersea, so does the prisoner. I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life before. He bears a very honest character. He is a man that will do a great deal of labour. He worked for Mr. Walker at this time. only he had been gone away about a week or a fortnight.
Q. How old is he?
Goodfellow. He is about thirty-eight years of age.


                  John 
                  Sadler 
               



            . I live at Battersea. I have known him several years. He always bore a very honest character. He is a married man, and has a family.


                  Francis 
                  Parr 
               



            . I live at Battersea. I have known him thirty years. He has a very good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
