





216. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Low 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three trusses of hay containing 450 lb. weight, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willan 
                  




                
            , April 25
. ++


                  John 
                  Willan 
               



            . The prisoner was my servant
. I had a suspicion of some body taking my hay a great while. I was told, a servant of mine was put into the watch-house for stealing of hay; I went and saw the three trusses of hay, one of the trusses I could swear to, and I believe the others to be mine. The prisoner was carried to Justice Fielding, there he said, he had taken the hay out of my barn at Marybone.
Mr. Woodman. I live in Marybone parish. On Monday morning the 25th of April, between 3 and 4 o'clock, I detected the prisoner in the field with a truss of hay on his back, he made his escape from me; I catched him again, then he said if I would let him go he would leave the hay. I carried him to the watch-house, there he offered me half a crown if I would let him go. I had watched him, and found two other trusses where he had laid them in the field. Before Justice Fielding he owned he stole the three trusses from out of his master's barn at Marybone that morning, and that he had sold two trusses to a man before.


                  John 
                  Priest 
               



            . I am hay-binder to the prosecutor. I saw the three trusses, they were my master's property; I heard the prisoner own before the Justice he stole them and several more.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never did take any hay.
He called Walter Holding and Richard Rigby, who had known him 8 or 9 years, and Mary Keys about 12 months, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
