






21, 22. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Webley 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Mendin 
                  




                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a walnut-tree tea-chest, value 2 s. and six silver tea-spoons, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Strouther 
                  




                
            , Sept. 24
. ++


                  Andrew 
                  Strouther 
               



            . I live at Kensington-gore


, am a gardener
. On the 24th of September I lost the tea-chest and six spoons; they were brought to the Dun Cow the same day.


                  Charles 
                  Spike 
               



            . I am a carpenter. On the 24th of September I was drinking at the Dun Cow; the prosecutor's wife came and told us she had lost her tea-chest; we went after the persons; I took towards Brumpton, and was informed they had gone by there, and offered it to sale; we went to the water-side, and found the two prisoners in a boat, going towards Westminster-bridge I made the waterman come back, he was gone off about 20 yards; he came back; I then secured the two prisoners; they had the chest and spoons about them; they said they had eat the sugar; (the chest and spoons produced and deposed to.)
Prosecutor. They were taken from out of a room on the ground floor.
Webley's defence.
I found the things in a ditch on this side Kensington turnpike; I went and asked several people if they had lost a tea-chest; I went into the woman's house to ask, but there was no body at home; I took the spoons out in sight of the door, and carried it openly in the street; then I was going down by water, and this man called and stopped us.
To his character.


                  Joseph 
                  Hartley 
               



            . The prisoner is my brother-in-law; I have known him four years, he has lived honestly as far as I know.
Hartley's wife, sister to the prisoner, said she knew no ill of him, that he lives with her in Castle-street, Piccadilly.
Mendin's defence.
I was going to work, I stopped to do my occasions, and found this chest in a ditch; I am but 12 years old.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
