





33. (M) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Francis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one large silver spoon, value 4 s. and five tea-spoons, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Shaw 
                  




                
            , Oct. 16
.*


                  Richard 
                  Bilton 
               



            . I am a waiter at the Golden-cross, Charing-cross. The prisoner used our house for about a fortnight, in which time we lost two spoons in two days. Three days after I missed two spoons in one day. He came a little time after, and staid in the coffee-room about four hours alone, walking backwards and forwards. I put the spoons on a shelf in his presence. I suspected him, and just as he went out of the house, I ran into the room, and missed one. I went to the door, but he was out of fight: he never came to our house after that.
Q. What do you say about a large spoon?
Bilton. There were two table spoons lay amongst the rest, and one was taken away, and this left in the room of it. [Producing a large spoon made of French-plate.] After this I met him near the Savoy in the Strand: he began to dodge me, to go down into the Savoy. I took hold of him, and said, I was glad I had found him. He said, For God's sake for what! I took him to a friend of mine, and then to Mr. Pearson's shop, a silver-smith, under St Dunstan's-church, I having been told one of our tea-spoons was there. The young lady that bought the spoon said, the prisoner was very much like the person that she bought it of, and she believed he was the man. The spoon was there produced, I know it by the mark, the same as the rest; but it was broke in two pieces. [Produced in court, and deposed to.] He would own nothing before the justice.


                  Mary 
                  Pearson 
               



            . My father keeps a silver-smith's shop under St. Dunstan's-church, Fleet-street. [She takes the spoon in her hand.] I think the prisoner is the same person that sold me this spoon: I gave him 2 s. for it. It was about a fortnight or three weeks before Mr. Bilton came to our shop to inquire after it.


                  John 
                  Wood 
               



            . I live at the Union-coffee-house, Temple-bar. The prisoner used our house about three weeks, in which time we lost seven silver spoons: we suspected the prisoner; I went to enquire at the pawnbrokers and silver-smiths for the spoons; and on the 15th of October, I found this spoon at Mr. Pearson's, which appears to be Mr. Shaw's property.
Bilton. I lost the last on the 9th of October.
Wood. I described the prisoner to Miss Pearson: she said she bought this spoon of such a person.
Prisoner's Defence.
I believe it is very well known that where things are missing in a house, it is impossible to fix it upon any one person. He says I was in the room alone, walking backwards and forwards. I rang the bell to give him a glove that was left in the room. I apprehend if I intended to take any thing away, I should not have rang the bell. He says as soon as I went out, he went in and missed the spoon. I think he should have come to me immediately: then I should have been taken with it it in my possession. If he did not immediately pursue me, other persons might as well be suspected as me. This, his not pursuing me, is a strong proof of my innocence. I had but just come to town, and my prosecutor met me. I saw a man in the dark of the evening pass by me: I looked at him, and went on, and I found he stopped. Then I stopped. He seemed surprized at my dogging him, as he calls it. When I see a man stop, it is no wonder that I should do the same. Certainly had I been conscious of guilt, I might easily made my escape from him. I asked him what his business was; and I solemnly swear I did not even guess it, knowing myself innocent. When I went to justice Fielding's, I was thunder-struck with the accusation; and I still kept to the same I said at the first, when I was the second time examined. I have continued five weeks in prison, at a distance from all my friends, deprived of almost every necessary support, more than well can be expressed. If I had been guilty, it is certainly almost punishment sufficient. I am quite a stranger in this country, and have no witnesses to my character. Besides, that young lady may be mistaken in the person that sold it to her. I myself have been stopped under two different names, those of Barton and Williams: two persons may be very much alike.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


