






13. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Fielding 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one Flannel waistcoat, value 2 s. one pair of cloth breeches, value 4 s. the property of persons unknown; and one cotton gown
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Lay 
               




             , Nov. 10
 ++


                  Thomas 
                  Barnival 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; on the 16th of November the prisoner came to me for a pledge. I was in the parlour, and my boy in the shop. I saw her raise her body over the counter; I imagined it was for some goods that we hang up behind the counter for sale. I said, pray what have you been doing? Nothing said she. I said, what have you in your apron? She said nothing, but some children's petticoats that had been fetched from another place. The boy at that time was gone up for her pledge; I was credulous enough to believe her, and let her go. About two hours after she came again; I was in the same position as before. She told the boy to go up for a handkerchief, which lay for 6 d. The boy came down, and said he could find no such thing. While the boy was gone up, she did as she did before; and it is my method, when I take goods in, to roll them up, and the papers upon them, and lay them under the counter. I went to her, and said you have taken something now. My wife came out of the dining room, and said she has got something; and, upon shaking her cloaths, down fell this gown from behind her. [ Producing it.] It is the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Lay 
               



            . There were other things missing, which I suspect she took the other time; but I cannot recollect who they belong to. When I told her I was determined to prosecute her, and sent my son for an officer, she opened the door, and got over the threshold. I got hold of her, but she was too many for me, and got from me; but I got hold of her again about three doors distant from my house, and we had a tight struggle. I had hold of her left wrist, and got her up against a door, and held her till the constable came and brought her back. Then she made an escape, and ran up three pair of stairs; but we had her secured. I begged of her in the kitchen, if she had taken any things the first time, to tell me. At last she told me she had taken two flannel waistcoats. When she was before Mr. Welch, he asked her if she had any other things; she said she had not; she said she had pawned the waistcoats with a pawnbroker in Turnmill-street. I went there and asked for them, and the pawnbroker shewed them to me, and a pair of breeches that came along with them; but she would not acknowledge the taking of them. When I saw them, I remembered taking them in; but I cannot recollect of whom.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


