





59. (M) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Arnold 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one hat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wall 
               




             , widow
, January 10
. ++
Mary Wall. I keep a tobacconist's shop
; I lost a hat, my late husband's, from out of my shop. On Saturday night I had brought it down, in order to sell it, and laid it on the shop-window: I saw a man open the door, and put his hand in, and take it: I called out stop thief, and the prisoner was taken in a few minutes after, and brought to justice Cox.
Q. Where do you live?
M. Wall. I live in the Strand, within two doors of St. Martin's-lane


; I thought my hat lost, but soon was sent for to the justice; there I found the hat and the prisoner.
Q. What did the prisoner say for himself?
M. Wall. He said he was not the person that stole it: there I had my hat restored to me again.


                  Matthew 
                  Stubbs 
               



            . I was going up the Strand, and I saw the prisoner come past me; there was a great cry after him, Stop thief, stop thief. I laid my hand on his shoulder, and said, Are you the man? He said, no, he was not. I went a little further, and saw something stand out behind his coat. I called, You, Sir, what have you behind your coat: he said nothing. He went on a little further, and threw the hat over some iron rails, at a person's door: I took it up.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the man that threw it there?
Stubbs. I am sure it was he. [A hat produced.] This is the very hat.
Prosecutrix. This is my property, and what was taken from my shop-window that night.
Stubbs. The prisoner was taken, and secured by the constable and watchman, while I had the hat in my hand.
Q. What time of the night was this?
Stubbs. This was a little after nine at night: he was carried before the justice: he was asked about stealing the hat; and he said he knew nothing of it, he was not the man.
Q. How soon was he taken after you had took up the hat?
Stubbs. He was taken and brought back about a minute or two after; the woman was sent for, and she swore to her hat before the justice.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been at Westminster, to see an acquaintance; coming back I saw a great crowd at justice Cox's door; I stood to see what the matter was; there was the cry, Stop thief. I saw something thrown over the rails. I ran along with the people: a person came and clapped hold on my shoulder, and said I had stole the hat. That person's a thieftaker I told him he was mistaken: they brought me to this man, Mr. Stubbs, and he said I was the person that threw the hat there; but I know nothing of the matter, neither did I know what was the matter, 'till I came to justice Cox.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


