





95. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Stokes 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a piece of silk and cotton, containing seven handkerchiefs, value 14 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hartwell 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said John
            , September 21
. ++


                  William 
                  Atkinson 
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Hartwell 
               



            , linen-draper
, by Charing-cross


. On the 21st of December the prisoner came into our shop, and desired to see some silk and cotton handkerchiefs. I shewed her about half a dozen pieces; then she desired to see some silk ones; I shewed her two pieces; she asked the price; I said four shillings a piece; she bid me six shillings for two of them: I told her, I could not take any thing less; she immediately went out of the shop: I turned to look at the handkerchifs, and mist a piece of silk and cotton; we had but that piece of that price in the shop; then I went out, and overtook her, at the corner of Buckingham-court, and charged her with it, and insisted upon her delivering it: there came three or four people round us; a gentleman took hold of her clothes, and shook them, and this piece fell down on the ground. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I asked to see some silk and cotton handkerchiefs; I bid him twenty pence for one; he would not take my money; I came out, and he came after me, and charged me with taking a piece of handkerchiefs. I know nothing of them.
She called 
               
                  Mary 
                  Cozins 
               



            , 
               
                  Lucy 
                  Whiteman 
               



            , 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Williams 
               



            , and 
               
                  Jane 
                  Marsden 
               



            , who said they knew no harm of her.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d
            . 


               T
            .
