






320. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Conrad 
                     Mazaret 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight linen shirts, value 16 s. two silver table spoons, value 10 s. and one cloth coat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Vidal 
                  



                
            , February 15

. +
The prisoner being a foreigner, and could not speak English, Mr. 
               
                  John Lewis 
                  Lamatte 
               



             was sworn interpreter.


                  Peter 
                  Vidal 
               



            . I am a wine-merchant
, and live in King-street, Soho



. The prisoner was a lodger in my house seven weeks; he came in February last, and lodged in a three pair of stairs room; I found my chamber door open, and lost the things mentioned in the indictment. (Mentioning them.)


                  John 
                  Notley 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. About the latter end of February, the prisoner at the bar brought two table spoons to pledge; (the prosecutor produced two table spoons:) I cannot say these are the same, for another gentleman came with the prisoner, and paid the money, and took them out.


                  Stephen 
                  Dubrce 
               



            . I went along with the prisoner to redeem these two spoons; Mr. Vidal sent the money by me for that purpose.
The person that took in the shirts did not appear.



               Acquitted
            .
(M.) He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing one silver table spoon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Chevalier 
                  



                
            , March 14

. +


                  Peter 
                  Demateer 
               



            . The prosecutor is ill: (He produced a silver table spoon): this is the prosecutor's property: I live with him. The prisoner owned he did steal it, when we were carrying him to gaol.
Q. How had he any opportunity to take it?
Demateer. He dined with the prosecutor on the 14th and 17th of March last, and this spoon was missing the first day he dined there.


                  John 
                  Natley 
               



            . On the 14th of March, the prisoner brought this silver table spoon, and pledged it with me for 9 s.
Prisoner. I did pawn it with that gentleman.
Notley. The prisoner owned he stole it, before Justice Welch.
Prisoner's Defence:
I never owned that I stole it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him.
