





87. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cock, value 2 s. and eleven hens, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Biggs 
                  




                
            , widow
, Jan. 31
. ++


                  Edmund 
                  Singer 
               



            . I live with Mrs. Biggs, who lost some hens and a game cock. We took Davis up, and he owned the taking of the hens, but not the cock.
Q. What number of hens?
Singer. I know there were seven or eight: He owned he took a quantity out, but I don't remember how many.
Q. Where does Mrs. Biggs live?
Singer. At Craven-Hill, near Bayswater, in the parish of Paddington


.


                  Thomas 
                  Man 
               



            . I don't know the name of the place; the prisoner and I took fowls from two places, about four or five miles from London, but I do not know whose houses they were. I saw none but hens that we took, but I do not know how many; we took some from a house that stands by itself in a large field.
Q. Were there half a dozen?
Man. Yes, I am sure of that.
Q. to Singer. Does Mrs. Bigg's house stand so situated?
Singer. It does, and so does the other where the fowls were lost.
Man. I was only at one house, from which we pull'd the tiles off.
Q. to Singer. Was that your house?
Singer. No.


                  Edward 
                  Ayres 
               



            . I was called from my work to go of a job, to earn a shilling; I went and there were the two soldiers, that is, the prisoner and the last evidence. They had got a wine hamper of about an hundred weight. They ordered me to carry it to Turnmill-Street; there was a shilling left at the bar for my trouble. I pitched at the Flying-Horse, in Tyburn-Road. I saw the wing of a fowl hang out, so I looked in and saw it was full of fowls. I asked the evidence how far they had brought that hamper, he said three or four miles: I asked him where he came from, he said such a place in Yorkshire. I said, what is become of the other soldier that had a game cock in his hand; he said he was gone to Carnaby Market, and would be there as soon as me. I went and carried the hamper to Turnmill-Street, to the house of one Crow, and left it there; that is all I know.
Q. to Singer. Did you charge the prisoner before the justice with taking these fowls?
Singer. I did, upon Man's evidence, and the prisoner owned it, and said he took them out of the hen house.


                  William 
                  Crow 
               



            . There was a hamper brought to our house; 
               
                  William 
                  Davis 
               



             came and took what was in it, it was emptied when I saw it. I imagine there had been fowls in it.


                  Susannah 
                  Crow 
               



            . I was at home when the porter and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Man 
               



             brought the hamper. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Man 
               



             said, let me leave this hamper here till I go to the Two Brewers, in St. Giles's, to fetch my comrade, 
               
                  William 
                  Davis 
               



            ; he went away, and they came again, but I never saw the hamper opened.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was in company with Man, at the Two Brewers, near St. Giles's-Church. We were both in liquor; he asked me to take a walk into the country. I went with him, but did not know where we were going; neither do I know of any thing which he brought home. I have been a soldier thirteen years, and never was in confinement in my life.



               Guilty
            .
[There was another indictment against him for a crime of the same sort.]




[Transportation. See summary.]


