





232. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Williams 
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one shilling and 44 farthings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Woodward 
                  




               
            , widow
, Feb. 6
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Woodward 
               



            . I keep a chandler's shop
 in Cross-street, Hatton-garden


; I never saw the prisoner in my life to my knowledge, till I saw him in my shop; I had gone out of my shop into a parlour even with it, between eleven and twelve in the day, on the 6th of this instant February; at my return the prisoner was behind my counter, the till was not locked, there were a great many halfpence in it; I said, sirrah, what do you do there, I had no power to lay hold of him; I saw my till open, I had let him go out at the door; I called stop thief; two lads took him in Hatton-garden; I missed a shilling and a 6 d. I had a quantity of farthings in the till, how many I do not know; there were eight-pence three farthings in farthings found upon him; he owned he had throwed the bag away that the farthings were in, that could not be found; when before Justice Girdler he owned he throwed that away, and a cracked six-pence, that it should not betray him; there were two Holland doits that I had carried in my pocket among the farthings, them I swore to.


                  George 
                  Runkin 
               



            . I am a perriwig-marker, I live facing Mrs. Woodward's; I went over to her shop, the boy at the bar produced the farthings; I counted thirty-five of them and a shilling; she charged him with taking them from her till, which then was open; he did not deny it, but owned he had taken them; he told me, if I would let him go, he would show me where he had throwed the purse or bag.


                  John 
                  Clean 
               



            . I am a constable, I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner; there was some money lay on the counter; the prisoner said that was all the money he had, that was 1 s. 8 d. three farthings.
Prisoner's defence.
As I was going along the street they took me up; I am but twelve years of age.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
