





491. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three cotton gowns, value 12 s. one linnen shift, value 3 s. seven linnen caps, one muslin handkerchief, two linnen aprons, and one cotton handkerchief
            , the property of 
               
                  Comfort 
                  Bosely 
               




             , spinster
, Aug. 24
. ||
Comfort Bosely. I came out of place on the 24th of August, and left my cloaths, the things mentioned in the indictment, with 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Church 
               



            , and they were missing in about an hour and an half afterwards. She was taken last Saturday with one of my caps on her head, that is all I have got again. She owned she had pawned a gown and shift for 2 s. but when she came before the Alderman, she denied it again, (the cap produced and deposed to.)


                  Elizabeth 
                  Church 
               



            . The prosecutrix left a bundle with me tied up in a cotton handkerchief; I left the prisoner in my room while I went to market, then I came back, she and the bundle were gone; I never saw her till last Saturday, when 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Heyd 
               



             brought her to my lodging.


                  Sarah 
                  Heyd 
               



             I lodge in the same house where Elizabeth Church does. The young woman that the cloaths belong to, went to Billingsgate for some oysters, after that the things were missing. I met with the prisoner last Saturday on Ludgate-hill, and brought her home, with the assistance of a watchman; I heard her own, she had pawned a dark coloured gown and shift for 2 s. the cap on her head the young woman swore to.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the cap.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
