





389. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Faulkner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-one pigeons, value 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Dupuis 
                  




                
            , June 8
. ++



                  Abraham 
                  Dupuis 
               



            . On the 8th of last month, my man came up to my chamber, and told me my pigeon-house was broke, and all my pigeons gone. I got up, and went and found the door broke open, and missed thirty-six of them; they are called Toy pigeons: the pigeon-house is over a coach-house, in the parish of Fulham. By searching, my servants found them in the possession of one Reeves, on the Sunday morning, in Westminster: I know them to be my property: I turned them into the lost again. and they all went to their own places as before.


                  Samuel 
                  Cuff 
               



             I was servant to Mr. Dupuis: the pigeons were stolen the 8th of June; we found them on Whitsunday, in the custody of James Reeves, in Westminster. I know them, and can safely swear they are the property of the prosecutor: they were concealed in a little room; he made some objection to our seeing them, till he saw the constable: we questioned him where he got them? he said, the prisoner brought them to him, and said he bought them of a gentleman's servant, in Whitechapel. There were 21 of them.


                  James 
                  Reeves 
               



            . I live in the New-Way, Westminster. The prisoner brought the pigeons on the 8th of June, in the afternoon, and desired they might be along with mine; I consented, and in the evening, about eight o'clock, he brought two pair: after that, he went and fetched the rest the same evening.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the pigeons in Fleet street, on a Thursday morning.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
