






369, 370. (M.) 
               
                  Essa 
                  Morrison 
               



              and 
               
                  
                     Barbara 
                     Waller 
                  , otherwise 
Smith




            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing 7 guineas, one half-guinea, and 6 s. in money, numbered, the money of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Glass 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Barbara 
                        Waller 
                     



                  , otherwise Smith
            , and the latter for 


               receiving 25 s. part of the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , June 28

. +


                  James 
                  Glass 
               



            . I am seaman
. On the 27th of June I was paid off from one of his Majesty's ships in Deptford yard: I was a little in liquor, and came up to London about 10 at night Coming past an alley called Bright's Alley, by Nightingale-lane, facing the Red lion



, the two prisoners were sitting at the alley: I never saw them in my life before: they ask'd me for something to drink; I said it was rather too late: they took hold of my arms; I said I could go myself: I went with Morrison up into a room in a private house; she had a candle lighted; the other woman staid behind: I ask'd Morrison what I should give her to stay with her all night; she ask'd a shilling; I told her I would give her a shilling; but, said she, you must give my landLady (meaning the other prisoner) a shilling for the bed. Yes, said I, I will do that: I did; then I thought I had a right to lie down. I had 7 guineas and a half, and 6 s. in silver, tied up in a corner of my handkerchief, which I had about my neck: I lay down, and put my handkerchief under my head; I don't think she lay down; they had felt, and knew I had money about me; I was pretty far gone in liquor; I heard my money fall off the bed, and I believe she heard it too; but I thought it was safe. In the morning I awak'd about a quarter before four, and look'd about the floor for my money: I saw my handkerchief lying at the foot of the bed, and the money all gone: I thought it time then to make a report: not one of the women was in the room: I went down stairs, and made a report to 
               
                  Barbara 
                  Waller 
               



            ; I knock'd at the door: Who is there? said she; I said, A friend. I said, Do you know the woman that was along with me last night? Yes, said she, very well; what is the matter? I told her she had robb'd me of seven guineas and a half, and 6 s. She put on her cloths immediately, and went out to look for her. I desired her to secure her, and keep her fast till she sent for me; she said she would. I said, I will stay in the house till you come with an answer from her. She came again a little after five o'clock, Sir, said she, I have been over to the White Hart in the Borough; her name is Essa Morrison; she was seen going over London-bridge, and is gone down to Portsmouth. I said I would write down there, and have her adververtis'd and find her if in England. By looking about, I found Morrison at the Ship, one Anderson's, in East-Smithfield. As soon as I saw her, she said, There is the cull that I robb'd; I wish it had been a thousand pound. The constable was with me. I took her up: she was search'd, but not at that present time; there was 12 s. 6 d. and a ring, found in a box upon her. We took Waller in the afternoon about four o'clock; she came to her home in a coach, with a bundle of new cloaths that she had bought. Morrison told me before Justice Scott, at the Angel in Whitechapel, that she gave her two guineas in gold, and Waller answered it was but 25 s.
Q. Have you got your money again?
Glass. No, I have not got a single halfpenny. I am certain I had th is money when I went to bed; I had taken a five and threepenny piece out and chang'd it, and put the change in my shoe.


                  Richard 
                  Mennit 
               



            : I am headborough; I was present when Morrison was taken up; I heard her say she took 4 guineas and 6 s. and she gave Waller 2 guineas of that money. Waller answer'd, she gave her but 25 s. I heard Morrison say, if it had been a thousand pounds, it would have been little enough. Here is the box, and 12 s. and a brass ring, that I took from her. (producing them).
Morrison's Defence.
This man pick'd me up, and went to a public-house; he went home with me, and gave me a shilling for supper, and gave this woman a shilling: he pull'd his money out of his handkerchief, and said, I'll give you this money if you'll live along with me. He made me a present of 4 guineas and 5 s. and desired me to make the best advantage of it: he said he was going to sell his ticket, and would bring me more. I had lain with him before that.
Waller's Defence.
When they came in, she told me he was her husband; they gave me a shilling to get supper; I fetch'd in a twopenny-loaf and a pot of beer: she told me he had made her a present of the money to live along with him.
Morrison 


               guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
Waller 

               Acquitted
            , but remanded back to prison for keeping a disorderly house.
