





77. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Flood 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one long-lawn gown, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Parkinson 
                  




                
            , December 5
. ++


                  James 
                  Parkinson 
               



            . I live in Castle-yard, Holborn


; I never saw the prisoner to my knowledge, till the mob brought him to my door, with this gown, on Christmas-day, about 11 o'clock, (produced in court, and deposed to). The prisoner made his escape from Guildhall, but was taken; and after that he attempted it again.


                  Thomas 
                  Medowall 
               



            . I am betwixt 14 and 15 years of age. I live with Mr. Parkinson. I was standing in Cursitor-street, when our maid came out of our house, and I knowing there was nobody at home to take care of the house, I went in, and met the prisoner coming up the kitchen stairs, in great confusion. I asked him what he wanted there? said he, is not this Mr. Brown's, the barber? I said no. Said he, will you tell him I call'd to shave him; he went out at the door, and came back again, and bid me not to forget. I followed him down Cursitor-street, and into Lincoln's-Inn: seeing he had something under his coat, I staid till he came in sight of people; then I asked him what he had under his coat? he said his apron. I called to two men to come and assist me, and kept hold of him; They came; I got the gown from him: he said a woman at a door gave it him, and bid him go and pawn it for half a crown; but I desired the people to bring him to our house, which they did.
Prisoner's Defence.
The woman brought me to the house, and said, she lived there; she went to the stair-head, and brought me the gown. She went back again, and said she would follow me: she said she would go and leave it in pawn for half a crown. She asked me what I was? I said I was a wig-maker. I am a stranger in London; an Irishman, lately come from sea.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
