





485. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Sutherland 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six silver tea-spoons, a pair of silver tea-tongs, a fish-skin case, two metal ear-rings, and two necklaces
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Horton 
                  




                
            , September 7
. +


                  William 
                  Horton 
               



            . I live in Hand-alley, Bishopsgate street; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, (mentioning them by name) I advertised them; I was out at the time they were taken.
Q. Have you seen any of them since?
Horton. I have seen the tongs, spoons, and earrings.
Q. Did the prisoner live servant with you?
Horton. No. she did not.


                  Mary 
                  Wright 
               



            . I bought six silver tea-spoons and a pair of tongs of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. When?
M. Wright. I cannot tell the day of the month.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
M. Wright. No, not to my knowledge; she called me in and said she heard I was going to be married, and offered the spoons to me; I thought they would be of service to me, and I gave her 22 s. for them; (produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Susannah 
                  Wardenbridge 
               



            . I bought the ear-rings of the prisoner, and was to give her 5 s. 6 d. for them at 6 d. a week, but I had not paid for them; (produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Elizabeth 
                  Horton 
               



            . I stopped the prisoner at the bar in my entry, she had been up in the warehouse; I asked her what she wanted there; she said she wanted one 
               
                  Dixon
               


             a barber; when she got out of the door she clapped her hands together, and said if she did not find the barber she was ruined for ever; I let her go, not having been up to miss things.
Prisoner's defence.
These spoons were made a present to me by a young man, he is gone to the East-Indies.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
