





317. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Gall 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing an oil-stone, value 2 s. a pair of compasses, value 2 d. two wooden squares, a chalk-roll, a gouge, a hammer, a broad awl, and a screw-driver, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Seamell 
                        



                      
                  ; an oil-stone, three planes, a glue-pot, a wooden plough, a stock, two steel bits, a pair of pincers, a pair of compasses, three saws, and iron saw-set, one punch, a wooden bevel, and two chissels
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clove 
                  



                
            , April 31. ++


                  John 
                  Seamell 
               



            . The things mentioned in the indictment were missing from the New Buildings, in the one pair of stairs, in Houndsditch


, on the 21st of April
: we found our chests broke open; there was word brought by the labourer that the buildings had been broke open: I did not go to see till the next morning, being Monday; I found the chest broke and things gone: I was told in the morning, on the Sunday, there was a man in the Compter for breaking it open: I went to the Compter on the Monday morning: I heard him say before my Lord Mayor, he took the tools out of the building: that is all I have to say. I left my tools locked up on the Saturday night: I lost an oil-stone, a pair of compasses, two wooden squares, a chalk-roll, a gouge, a hammer, a broad awl, and a screw-driver.


                  William 
                  Clove 
               



            . I worked in this building; I did not hear of my chest being broke open till the 22d; I was out of the town on Sunday: I lost an oil-stone, three planes, a glue-pot, a wooden plough, a stock, a pair of compasses with steel bits, three saws, an iron saw-set a punch, a wooden bevel, and two chissels; I heard the prisoner confess he took all these things, before the alderman.


                  George 
                  Castell 
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 21st of April in the morning: I saw that morning several chests broke open, and several tools gone: I came out again; and upon enquiry heard a person went down Bishopsgate-street with a bag of tools on his back: the person that informed me saw the prisoner going back on the other side the way: I said, let him alone, perhaps he is going for more; he went, and found the door shut: I went and asked him, where he carried the tools in the bag to? he said, down Bishopsgate-street; I said, where had you them? he said, at 
               
                  Charles 
                  Mills 
               



            's; and that he had worked for him: I insisted upon seeing the tools; he said, if I would let him go peaceably with me, I should see them; I went with him into Shoreditch, and at a cobler's shop, below the Black Dog, he went in and brought the tools out; we sent for the glue-pot afterwards; he had that in his hand the man had informed me: we went into the Compter, and lodged the tools with the constable; the tools were turned out next day before my Lord Mayor; there the prisoner confessed he had stolen them.


                  Thomas 
                  Fountain 
               



            . The tools were delivered into my custody: the prisoner said coming along, to besure I shall be transported without dispute. (The goods produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
To be sure I took these things from off the bench; they were not in the chests.
To his Character.


                  William 
                  Iscock 
               



            . I live in King's-street, Westminster; I am a publican; I have known him two or three years; I never knew any thing ill of him before this.


                  James 
                  Bamford 
               



            . I live in Duke's-street, Bloomsbury; I have known him about five years; he is a carpenter
; I never knew any thing of him but what was agreeable.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
