





50. (M) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Clisby 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one bushel of wheat in the chaff, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pierce 
                  




                
            , Dec. 3
. *


                  William 
                  Pierce 
               



            . I am a farmer
 at Ashford


; my barn had been robbed several times of wheat and barley; last Thursday night I and my man, 
               
                  James 
                  Watts 
               



            , sat up to watch, we stood by the side of the yard; about eleven o'clock Watts thought he saw a man in the barn; in about ten minutes the door opened, and the prisoner put his head out; I know him well, he is a journeyman bricklayer, and lives in the town, I rent that barn of him: I ran to him, and took him by the collar, and said, what a terrible rogue you must be to rob me in the manner you have; I asked him how he got in; he said he unlocked the door, and locked it afterwards (it was locked with a padlock;) he had this bag stood just behind him ( producing a bag with about a bushel of wheat in the chaff) I said, what have you there; he said, a little wheat; I said, where had you it; he said, from the heap (there was a heap of wheat lay uncleaned;) he said he was going to carry it home; I took him in custody; he acknowledged before me, my man, and the constable, that he had had barley there before.


                  James 
                  Watts 
               



            , his servant, deposed to the same purport in every particular.
Prisoner's defence.
I did not do it to make a property of it, I was in great distress, I thought I could make free with him, because he has the barn of me; I thought I could pay him better than I could another; I wanted some corn for my pigs, I could not see them starve.
He called John his brother, 
               
                  Jane 
                  Ashton 
               



             his sister-in-law, 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Emmit 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Barber 
               



            , who gave him the character of an honest man, exclusive of this.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
