






308. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Perfect 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 15 pounds weight of bacon, value 7 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Denby 
                        



                      
                  ; one serge waistcoat, and one pair of leather shoes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Rosewell 
                        



                      
                  , and one shirt the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richmond 
                           Maddox 
                        



, April 6
. ++


                  John 
                  Denby 
               



            . I live at Hampton


. The things mentioned in the indictment were lost out of my house on the 6th of April, about three in the afternoon. I am a bricklayer
: the prisoner worked with me a fortnight and one day a a labourer
, and lodged in the house; I went after him, and catched him at Kingston, with Rosewell's waistcoat and shoes on him, in a shop, selling Maddox's shirt; he had sold the bacon at Weybridge in Surry, at a public-house.


                  Alexander 
                  Rosewell 
               



            . On the 6th of April I found my waistcoat and shoes on the prisoner. I met him as Mr. Denby was bringing him back.


                  Richard 
                  Maddox 
               



            . The prisoner delivered the shirt into my own hands, it was my property.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming down stairs, and tumbled over these things: they were all tied up: I took them up, and did not know whose they were.
To his character.


                  Joseph 
                  Brand 
               



            . I have known him seven years; he worked at labouring work; I never knew any thing of him but that of a hard working man.
Q. Where do you live?
Brand. I live in Green-arbour-court, in the Old Bailey.


                  Robert 
                  Perfect 
               



            . I am his father; he always bore a good character; he has been at sea, and has lost the use of his right leg.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
