






158. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Dugdall 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one copper tea kettle, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Galley 
                  




                
            , January 27
. +


                  Mary 
                  Hendrick 
               



            . The prosecutor is my son; he keeps the Black horse in Shug-lane




. The prisoner came and called for a pint of beer on the 27th of January; there was nobody up but me; I went down for his beer, and before I came up with it he was gone, and the tea-kettle also was missing from the chimney corner, that cost 16 s. he never came back for his beer: That very day sennight I was going out at the door, and the prisoner was going by; I called my son, and he came out and took him; we got the kettle by his telling us where it was.


                  George 
                  Galley 
               



            . The week after the kettle was lost I took the prisoner in the street; I got him into the house, and desired some people to take charge of him while I went to Justice Wright for his advice; he granted me a warrant; I took the prisoner before him; he stiffly denied knowing any thing of the kettle: He was committed to the Gatehouse. Coming down Windmill-street, we went in at the Coachmaker's-arms and had a pot of purl; there I desired if he had pawned or sold it to let me know, and I would get it again; he flatly denied it then. I left the constable and him together a little while; the constable will give the Court an account what past.


                  Edward 
                  Lidard 
               



            . I am a constable. The prosecutor gave me the prisoner in charge; we took him to Mr. Wright, he denied having any thing of the tea-kettle there: As we were taking him down Great Windmill-street, he denied it there; I went on to the end of the street. He said, let me go to Mr. Galley's, and I'll tell you something about it; we went into Mr. Galley's taproom; then he said to me he had taken it, and sold it to a broker in Tyburn-road for 2 s. we went to the justice again, and told him what the prisoner had said; he granted a search warrant to find it; I went with the prisoner; the prisoner saw a servant in the cellar; he said, that is the man I sold it to; there we found the kettle. (Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Robert 
                  Rayment 
               



            . The prisoner came to me one morning about a month ago, as I was opening the shop, and asked me if I would buy a tea-kettle; my Mrs. was not up; I asked what he asked for it, he said, Half-a-crown; I bid him 2 s. he went away, and said, I should not have it without a pint of purl; so I gave him 2 s. and a pint of purl for it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I saw a man offering to sell a tea-kettle to some brokers; they refused to buy it; he said to me, brother, do you know any body that wants to buy a tea-kettle; if you'll buy it I'll sell it you cheap: I asked him what he asked for it, he said, Half-a-crown; after that he came to 18 d. I bid him a shilling, and he agreed to take 18 d. then I went to that house and offered it for Half a-crown, and sold it for 2 s. and a pint of purl.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
