





292. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Phineas 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver cup, value 20 s. and a silver castor, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Naphtali Hart 
                  Meyers 
               



            , and 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Franks 
                  



                
            , May 20
. *
Naphtali Hart Meyers. The prisoner is a Jew
. On Wednesday the 20th of May, the sexton of the great synagogue in Duke's-place came and informed me the silver cup and silver castor were missing; I and 
               
                  Moses 
                  Franks 
               



             are the wardens of that synagogue; the cup and castor belonged to the service of the synagogue; they are used in certain benedictions there, and were kept in a drawer; upon the wardens being chosen, they have a list of the vestments and things given them from warden to warden: Mr. Franks and I have the custody and care of the synagogue; I told the sexton to keep it private, and we would go about the districts of Duke's-place, and inform all the pawnbrokers and people, and describe the things, and perhaps we may sooner come at a discovery; accordingly we let the pawnbrokers and old cloaths people know. On the Friday in the afternoon, I was sent for by Mr. Coleman in the Minories, I was there informed he had stopped a broken silver cup; he is a dealer in old cloaths; I described it before he took it out of his drawer; I described on paper a sketch of the foot (the paper and cup produced, they agreed;) he told me, the boy that brought it was to come the next day for a watch in exchange; he said he knew him, that he looked like a Jew barber's boy, and blinks with his eyes; I went and told the sexton, that Mr. Coleman looked upon the boy that brought it to be a Jew barber's boy; the sexton soon brought in the prisoner, upon which I sent for a peace officer and Mr. Coleman; Mr. Coleman said, he was the lad that brought it to him; the prisoner said, if I would shew him mercy, he would directly tell me where the castor was; I told him it was out of my power; the peace officer and he went out together, and brought the castor in; (produced and deposed to.)


                  Jacob 
                  Coleman 
               



            . The prisoner came to my shop in the Minories on the 21st of May; he produced this cup, I weighed it and laid it by, and bid him call the next day; he did not think proper to come; I enquired among the Jews. The Saturday after I went to the synagogue and described him there, and by the description I gave of him he was taken up.


                  Henry 
                  Mark 
               



            . Mr. Myers sent for me, and gave me charge of the prisoner, for robbing the synagogue; he took me to the ruins in Bear Jury-lane, where they are building new houses, and took the castor out from among the rubbish, then I carried him before my Lord-Mayor, and he was committed.
Prisoner's defence.


                  Abraham 
                  Solomon 
               



             delivered the thing, to me; he is since run away to Holland.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
