





532 (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Germain 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor 
                  




                
            , August 7
. *


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I was coming over London-bridge


 on the 7th of August: a sailor came by a little after me, and said, your pocket is pick'd: I put my hand in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief (it was a linen one); he said he would let me know the man, if I would follow him: he went to the foot of the bridge and pointed to the prisoner at the bar, and said, That is the man. I went directly to him, and said, you are my prisoner: he began to us e vile expressions; I said it did not signify. I brought him to Mr. Wood's in the Borough; a constable was sent for; he was searched; I took my handkerchief myself out of his pocket when I took him on the bridge; then he said he had got never a handkerchief about him.


                  Samuel 
                  Gardner 
               



            . I am a constable; I was sent for by Mr. Wood to take charge of the prisoner: there were seven other handkerchiefs taken out of his pocket; the prisoner said he found them. (Produced in court.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been loading two carts of tea at Bottle-wharf; going up the gate-way, I saw two boys hiding something behind the gate; there I went and found them all tied up together. I put them in my apron; my wife lying-in, I was going over the water to my father; he said he would give me something to help her: I work by the water-side: I never wronged any body in my life.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See the trial of Crane, No. 477. in the First Part.
