





470. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Melon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver spoon, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Burgell 
               




             , gent
. August 21
, ++


                  Phebe 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I live with Captain Burgell. We lost a silver table spoon, the 21st of August, out of the kitchen; but did not miss it till the pawnbroker brought it, which was the same day. The prisoner is servant
 to the gentleman that keeps the house, and my master is a lodger there.


                  John 
                  Jason 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Bird-Street, Oxford Road. The prisoner came to my shop, and offered this spoon to sale on the 21st of August, in the morning. I told him the arms or name had been scratched out, and asked him how he came by it; he said he found it upon a dust-hill, in Mary-le-bone, near the place where I live. I asked him who had erased the mark out; he said that was done by a man that belongs to one Mr. Ward. I said I would go to that man; he did not agree to that, but said he would go and bring the owner. I asked him who he lived with; he said his master's name was Quin, and that he lived in Piccadilly. I took him to Sir John Fielding's, but Sir John was not at home; then the prisoner told me Mr. Burgell was the owner of the spoon. We sent for Mrs. Brooks, and she said it was her master's property. The prisoner is about seventeen or eighteen year old.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found it in the dust hole.
He called 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Holdworth 
               



            , with whom he had lived as servant, and 
               
                  John 
                  Nevil 
               



            , with whom he had lodged, who said he behaved well with them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
