





537. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fowler 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 12 pieces of buckram, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lamb 
                  




                
            .


                  Thomas 
                  Lamb 
               



            . The prisoner is my apprentice
: I live in Sword-bearer's Alley, Chiswell-street


: I am a buckram maker
; I have been robbed for a great while past; we work for a great many people; we work upon other people's goods. I was at Mr. Brooks's one day; the man came back with a piece short: he said, I doubt you have some people about you that are thieves; there is a piece-broker in Morefields can sell buckram cheaper than he could; that his name was 
               
                  Hodskins
               


            . I went there; his wife was within: I asked if she had any buckram to sell? she said she had no whole pieces: she shewed me some; I saw my stamps on some of them: I asked her where she bought them? at last, she said she bought them of a taylor that lived hard by, named Ingram. I went to Ingram, and asked him how he came by them? he said he bought them of my apprentice, the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Is Ingram here?
Lamb. No, he is not. I went back again to the piece-broker, and got a constable, and took my young man up: we found all these pieces at the broker's; the man delivered them up to me. The prisoner owned before the Justice, that he took the pieces and sold them to Ingram.
Q. Were the pieces produced before the Justice at that time?
Lamb. They were. (Produced in court.)
Q. How many yards may there be of it?
Lamb. Here may be about 50 or 60 yards. I did not lay them all in the indictment.
Q. Was that a voluntary confession?
Lamb. He made the confession freely.


                  George 
                  Wood 
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Lamb: I know these pieces to be my master's property by the stamps: I heard the prisoner confess before several people in Bridewell, that he had cut them, and sold them to Ingram the taylor: part of them are stamped.
Q. How do you know he meant these pieces?
Wood. He had seen these pieces when before the Justice: he had owned before that, that he had cut two pieces of brown.
Q. Where did he own that?
Wood. That was in my master's house, before he was taken up.


                  Joseph 
                  Hodskins 
               



            . I am a piece-broker; I live in Moorfields: I bought the pieces here produced of Ingram a taylor, at different times.
Q. Is he a master taylor?
Hodskins. He is, and keeps a man or two at work.
Q. Is he a house-keeper?
Hodskins. No, he is only a lodger.
Q. What quantities have you bought of him?
Hodskins. I believe I have bought three or four yards at a time, and about half a dozen times.
Q. Where is Ingram?
Hodskins. He is run away.
Q. Did you ever take any pains to find him?
Hodskins. I have.

Prisoner's Defence.
My master brought the two pieces of brown, to know if I knew them: I knew them to be his by the marks. He took and sent me to Bridewell.
For the Prisoner.


                  Jonathan 
                  Buckley 
               



            . I have known the prisoner sixteen or seventeen years: he was the best child I ever saw in my life.


                  Robert 
                  Child 
               



            . I have known him from five years old.
Q. What is his general character?
Child. I never knew or heard a child have a better character in my life. I never heard any thing amiss of him.


                  Margaret 
                  Jourdan 
               



            . I am a neighbour to the lad's master; I know nothing that is bad of his character indeed: he has a very good character in the neighbourhood.


                  Charles 
                  James 
               



            . I have known him upwards of fourteen years: he has bore as good a character ever since I knew him, and as well behaved a lad as ever I saw in my life.
Mr. Thatchwell. I have known him twelve years; he had always a very good character.


                  James 
                  Fowler 
               



            . I have known him ten years; he is an honest quiet lad as ever was born.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
