





234. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Walden 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve skins of shammy leather, value 12 s. and fourteen yards of Russia drab, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Stanser 
                  




                
            , March 25
. *


                  George 
                  Stanser 
               



            . I am a taylor
, and live in Bedfordberry


. I lost twelve shammy skins, and fourteen yards of Russia drab, on the 25th of March. The prisoner and two others had been in my shop to buy something, and after they were gone, the things were missing.


                  James 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I live in White-Horse-Yard. On the 25th of March, in the evening, the prosecutor came and let me know he had lost the things mentioned. After that the prisoner came and offered two shammy skins, and said he had some dark canvas, or something of that sort. I desired him to bring that. When he was gone, I went and told the prosecutor; he came, and the prisoner was stopt when he came with the Russia drab.
Thomas Hall. On the 25th of March, the prisoner came with two skins and some Russia drab, and offered them to sale. I had had notice from the prosecutor, that he had lost such. I asked the prisoner the price; he asked 12 d. each for the skins, and 10 d. a yard for the Russia drab. I kept him longer than I should do, expecting the prosecutor. I slipt them behind the counter, and said I would stop him. He attempting to make his escape, I catched hold of the skirt of his coat, but he pulled it off, left that with me, and got away.


                  Hannah 
                  Stanser 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. On the 25th of March, about seven in the evening, the prisoner and two men came to our shop, and asked for some blue stuff. I had none. It being dusk, I got a candle. They kept telling me to reach down goods. I feared the y were upon some bad design. The goods mentioned in the indictment were there when they came in, and when they went out they were gone. The prisoner went away first, and said to the other, I will go, and you will come to me.
Prisoner's Defence.
Two gentlemen came to my lodgings. I went with them. One of them said to me, he had got some things he wished I would dispose of for him; then he gave me the skins and drab. I took them, and went to sell them for him. I was not in the prosecutor's shop.
To his Character.


                  William 
                  Madan 
               



            . I live in Rosemary-lane, and have known the prisoner five years. I look upon him to be an honest man.


                  Henry 
                  Jourday 
               



            . I am a taylor. I have known him three years: he has worked with me, and behaved very honestly.


                  James 
                  Tracy 
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live in Holbourn. I have known him two years. I never heard any thing bad of him.


                  Ann 
                  Story 
               



            . I live near the Seven Dials. I have known him four years. He has bore a good character.


                  John 
                  Mitchimer 
               



            . I have known him seven years. I always looked upon him to be an industrious man.


                  Thomas 
                  Dobine 
               



            . I live in the Minories. I have known him five years. He bears a good character. I have trusted him, and found him honest.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
