





15. (L.) 
               
                  Amelia, otherwise 
Millicent Darlow


            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 18 l guineas, 1 half guinea, and 33 thirty-six-shilling pieces of Portugal money, the money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jefferey 
                        



                      
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Simion 
                        Jefferey 
                     



                   , privately and secretly
            , Oct 4
.*
John Jefferey. I live in little Green-Arbour-Court, in the Little-Old-Bailey, I am bookkeeper and porter
 to carriers. On Saturday the 4th of October, I sent my brother 
               
                  Simpson 
                  Jefferys 
               



             with a paper parcel which contained 250. in cash, from the Saracen's-Head, to carry it to Mr. Penton Nevil, in Naked-Boy-Court, by the New Church in the Strand; it was done up in a paper parcel corded and sealed, about the breadth of three fingers.
Q. What time of the day did you send him?
J Jefferey. Between 7 and 8 o'clock at night. It came up from Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Burton 
               



            , of Diss, in Norfolk, by the carrier that afternoon, he gave it into my hand.
Q. How do you know there was that quantity?
J Jefferey. I do not know it of my own knowledge but we always take it to be cash; and the gentleman has been in town since, and he says there was that sum.
Q. Did you ever see the money?
J Jefferey. No, the gentleman says he has returned upwards of sixty thousand pounds to this gentleman in London, and all went safe but this. He had wrote to me the same before he came to town. I got up on the Sunday morning after, and called my brother. The young man that used to lay with him, said he had not been at home all night.
Q. How old is he?
J. Jefferey. He is in the twentieth year of his age.
The Remainder of these Proceedings will be publish'd in a few Days.






THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON; And also the Gaol Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX, HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Thursday the 4th, Friday the 5th, and Saturday the 6th of DECEMBER,
In the first Year of His MAJESTY's Reign. Being the First SESSIONS in the MAYORALTY of The Right Honble Sir 
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Blakiston 
                  



               , Knt. LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
NUMBER I. PART II. for the YEAR 1760.
LONDON:
Printed, and sold by J. SCOTT, at the Black-Swan, in Pater-noster Row.
M. DCC. LX.
[Price FOUR-PENCE.]

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery held for the City of London, &c.

Q. WHERE did he lodge?
J. Jefferey. At my sister's in Cold-Bath-Fields: I went to the Saracen's-Head, and found He had not been there. Then I searched all the houses round the market, and could not find any thing of him. I went to the gentleman where he was to have carried the money. The gentleman told me he had called at my inn, to tell me to leave it till the morrow morning, their he would send his apprentice for it, and said my brother had not brought it to him. Then I sent a man and horse to Essex to see if my brother was gone down to my mother, and went and searched all the bad houses I could think of, but could not find any thing of him till last Sunday was a week, when I found him at the Crown, facing the Saracen's-Head, Snow-Hill. I had advertised it, and Mr. Bland, a banker's clerk, came to receive a bill at the Saracen's Head, and reading the advertisement, he told me he believed he could give me some information which way the money was lost; and likewise left a note for me to come there. I was directed to Mr. Campion, in Leaden-Hall street, there to ask for Mr. Moiat; he not being there, I told my business to the landlord he told me he had heard from a young man that lived with Mr. Bland, that my brother had been robbed by three creatures, at the Barber's-Pole, in Water-Lane, Fleet-street. I got a warrant against the prisoner, and two others, not yet taken. When I heard how the affair happened, I advertised my brother, ten guineas reward. When the prisoner was taken I took her before justice Welch; it being done in the city, he sent his compliments to the lord mayor, and sent her there.
Q. Where was she taken?
J. Jefferey. She was taken at the Boot, in Cross-Lane, by Drury-Lane. The lord mayor sent a marshal's man to take a coachman up that had taken those three creatures up in his coach, and carried them about on the Monday following. He is here an evidence.
Q. Did you get any of your money again?
J. Jefferey. There was only a guinea and half a crown, with a ring, which the prisoner had bought, taken from her then.
Q. What did the prisoner say for herself?
J. Jefferey. She said she had been in company with my brother, and he gave her 2 s. to lie with her? and, that they had been at the George alehouse, the bottom of Water-Lane, Fleet-street, and had said to the landlady, they call me a dishonest girl; now I have been with this man (meaning my brother) with this charge of money about him, and you see I have taken none of it; and made him pull it out and shew it her. She did not then confess she robbed him, but before the lord mayor she owned she had forty guineas of the money. I was present at the time.
Q. How did she say she got it?
J. Jefferey. She said the others shared it, and gave her what they pleased. She was sent to the Compter; and when my brother was taken, she was re-examined. Then she said she was kept constantly drunk, at the coachman's house, for three days. She said the other creatures burnt the purse.
Simson Jefferey. I was going with this parcel of money up Fleet-street: this girl called to me.
Q. When was this?
S. Jefferey. This was on the 4th of October, on a Saturday night, I was going to Nakedboy-court, in the Strand: she asked me to go in and drink with her. Accordingly I went in at Mrs. Sweetman's, at the George, the bottom of Water-lane. The parcel of money was then in my coat-pocket. Then we went and drank together: we had two pints of beer; and from thence we went to the Barber's-pole, in Ashentree-court.
Q. How long did you stay together?
S. Jefferey. We did not stay together half an hour.
Q. Where is Ashentree-court?
S. Jefferey. One end comes into Water-lane, and the other goes towards the Temple. About nine o'clock we came away from there: then the money was very safe in my pocket. When we came out, the prisoner called for 
               
                  Kate 
                  Brown 
               



            : then we went to see for a bed.
Q. Had you been in bed at the Barber's-pole?
S. Jefferey. No, we had not the first time: we went all three of us there again, and staid there all night.
Q. Did not you in all this time bethink yourself of going of your message?
S. Jefferey. I had not forgot it in one sense; but I really was overseen in folly.
Q. Did you go to bed the second time of going there?
S. Jefferey. Yes, the prisoner was in bed all night with me, and 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Brown 
               



             both.
Q. What time did you go to-bed?
S. Jefferey. We went to-bed about eleven o'clock.
Q. What did you do in the mean time?
S. Jefferey. We had some liquor brought up by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Maschall 
               



            .
Q. Was you sober?
S. Jefferey. I was a little fuddled, but I can remember every thing very well.
Q. Where had you your liquor from?
S. Jefferey. I had it from Mrs. Sweetman's.
Q. What did you do with your parcel, when you went to-bed?
S. Jefferey. I put it into my waistcoat-pocket, and not a faithing demolished.
Q. How did you pay for your liquor?
S. Jefferey. I had money of my own in my pocket.
Q. Where did you lay your waistcoat?
S. Jefferey. I laid it on the feet of the bed; and when I awaked in the morning, my waistcoat was thrown into one corner of the room, and the money taken out of the pocket.
Q. What time did you awake?
S. Jefferey. I awaked just after it was light.
Q. Where were the two women?
S. Jefferey. They were gone.
Q. What did you do upon that?
S. Jefferey. Then I did not know what to do, or where to go. I went down into Essex, to a place called Chinkford-hatch.
Q. What money had you left?
S. Jefferey. I had none at all: I got into work there at threshing, with one Mr. Bruce, a farmer. I am from that country.
Q. When did you come to town again?
S. Jefferey. I came to town last Sunday was se'ennight. I had been apprentice to my brother five years, come April.
Q. To what business?
S. Jefferey. A book-keeper, and porter.
Q. How came you to come to town at last?
S. Jefferey. I was so uneasy in my mind, that I could not keep away.
Q. Have you ever seen this money, or parcel, since?
S. Jefferey. No.
Q. from Prisoner. Where was you first of all with me? There were two chairs, and a form in the room; and he gave me a couple of shillings. He had his money then.
S. Jefferey. That is all true: this was the first time: then we came out, and she called to 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Brown 
               



            . It was an empty room, I don't know whose house it is.
Prisoner. He then treated me with liquor, and said: Now, my dear, I have got some money about me of great value. I said, If you have got ever so much, I will not meddle with any of it. After that we went into an alehouse, and made him shew the money there.
Q. Did you tell her you had a charge of money about you?
S. Jefferey. I had the parcel in my hand, in Mrs. Sweetman's-house; but I do not remember that I mentioned it to any body; but that was before we went the last time to the Barber's pole.



                  Elizabeth 
                  Sweetman 
               



            . I live at the George-alehouse in Water-lane, Fleet-street.
Q. Do you remember seeing the last evidence at your house?
E. Sweetman. I do. It was on a Saturday evening the prisoner and he came to my house, and called for a pint of beer: there was another girl came in with them, who she was, I do not know. He treated them with gin and beer together, and each had a dram: he paid me five-pence halfpenny, and they went away all three together. They were absent about half an hour. Then the prisoner came in, and called me aside, and said, she wanted some rum. The man was with her. I have not seen him from that time till now. I asked her how much rum she would have. She said, a gill. I took a gill-glass, and filled it with rum, and she drank it. I went to pour out his glass, and she said to me; Mrs. Sweetman, many people give me a bad character, and say I am not honest: this young man has five hundred pounds about him, and you see I am honest. I started at the words, five hundred pounds, and said: If he has that charge of money about him, I do not look upon him to be the master of it, and desired him to make haste, and deliver your trust: drink none at all.
Q. Was he fuddled?
E. Sweetman. I did not look upon him to be fuddled. Said she, Shew it to Mrs. Sweetman, you are in an honest house. He took a parcel out of his right-hand pocket, about six inches long, and about three fingers in breadth, and offered it to me to weigh: I refused it, and desired him to make haste of his message, and not drink. They both went out together: she said, she would see him safe into Fleet-street, where she went with him. I saw him put the parcel into his pocket again.


                  John 
                  Cardin 
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman: the prisoner at the bar, and two more women came to me, about three o'clock on a Sunday morning, the same Sunday the last witness speaks of, I cannot tell the day of the month, they said to me, they wanted a coach.
Q. Where was you?
Cardin. I was coming through Temple-bar, to go home into Coleman-street: they said they wanted to go towards the city. I took them into my coach: they ordered me to drive into St. John's street, or towards Islington. When I came there, they wanted me to drive them to some night-house, where they could have something to drink. I said, I could not drive them to any without going into Newgate-street. I drove them through Newgate, to a house that used to be the Coach and Horses. That was shut up. Then I told them, there was one in Fore-street. They ordered me to drive them there: I did. There they had some rum and water, and sat about an hour or two in the coach. They did not get out, it being so late the people would not suffer any woman to go into the house. Then they asked me if I knew of any house where they could lodge; and said, if I did, I should carry them the next day. I said I wanted refreshment for my horses; and I would take them to my home; and after that I would carry them where they pleased. I carried them to my home in White's-alley, Coleman-street: they paid me for carrying them there. There they staid till the afternoon. Then they wanted me to take them out towards Hackney, which I did. There was a gentleman's servant, that used to be at my house when he was out of place. They asked him to come into the coach with them. I drove them to Hackney and Clapton: I brought them back, and they desired to stay in my house another night. They did. The next morning they and that young man went in my coach to buy some cloaths in Smithfield, and Monmouth-street; and at coming back, he told me, he knew they had a great deal of money, and he wanted to get it from them. He asked me about it: I said I would have no concern in it; we will go and have a pint of purl, and look in the news-papers; perhaps they may be advertised, and we shall have the reward. We looked in the papers, and there was nothing at all about them. I went with them again to Monmouth-street, for a gown they had left to be altered, and brought them home again. They supped at my house. The young man did not go with them that time. I went to the public-house to fetch some beer for them; and the young man had brought five men with him. They came in, and said: You have got some women, that have done some wrong thing at your house, we are come to take them up: you should not harbour such. I said, if they have done wrong, they must answer it: you may come into the house, if they have done wrong, I shall not screen them. Two of the women were gone out into the garden, one was in the house. They demanded her, and the cloaths. I asked them to shew their warrant: they pulled out some papers, and put them into their pockets again. They said they were officers from justice Fielding, from Clerkenwell-bridewell. Then said I, take them there: they took that one away.
Q. Who was she?

Cardin. That was the prisoner at the bar; they took her to Moorfields, and put her in a hackney-coach: I followed them. They said, What does this coachman want? I said, she owes me two guineas for lodging, and I want to be paid; let me be paid for coach-hire, lodging, and board. They said, I should be paid; but if I went much farther, it should not be so well for me. I left my coach and horses in the street, and turned back. In the morning I thought I should find her in Clerkenwell-bridewell. I went there, but she was not there. I did not know any of them, except the young man. I went to a house where he used, and found 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Campion 
               



            : I thought I knew him again, and taxed him with being one of them.
Q. Did you see any money the woman had?
Cardin. I saw five or six guineas amongst them.
Q. Did you see any parcel that they took that money out of?
Cardin. No, I did not.
Prosecutor. The coachman owned before my lord mayor to his driving them about and to their laying out seventy or eighty pounds.


                  Thomas 
                  Campion 
               



            . I am a victualler in Leadenhall street.
Q. to Cardin. Is this one of the persons that came and took the prisoner out of your house?
Cardin. He is one of them.
Q. to Campion. What sign do you keep?
Campion. I keep the Hercules.
Q. Are you an officer?
Campion. No, I am not; all I know of this affair is, the young man, that the witness has been speaking of, that was along with those women, and was an acquaintance of the coachman's, came and told me he had been all day on Monday with three women, to Monmouth-street, and believed they might have laid out seventy or eighty pounds in cloaths; and that they would be at supper at the coachman's house, at seven at night; and if I would go along with him, and get two or three friends, we could take them and bring them to justice; and that it might do some good to some persons, that they had injured. He told me they had been at the George in Water-lane, Fleet-street, and had got a booty from a young man: so we went to the coachman's house.
Q. Had you a warrant?
Campion. No, we had none.
Q. What was your intent in taking her away?
Campion. We took her with intent to take her to New-Prison, Clerkenwell, for further examination.
Q. Why would you not let the coachman go with you?
Campion. We did not imagine he had any business along with us.
Court. Why, he knew more than you, and might have been a proper person to go with you.
Campion. He knew more than we, but he strove to screen it as much as any person.
Q. Why did you take her up Moorfields?
Campion. We took her that way with intent to take her to New-Prison, Clerkenwell; and had got almost as far as Old-street turnpike. We asked her what money she had got about her, when we got into Old-street road, from Moorfields.
Q. Were you then in the coach, or on foot?
Campion. We were on foot; she said, she had got some loose money about her. I said, You had better give us what money you have. She put her hand into her pocket, and I believe, she gave me about six or seven guineas, and some silver. What she gave me, I have got at home, to give the loser. We asked her if she had got any thing more. She said, no. Somebody along with us happened to put his hand towards her thigh: he said he felt a considerable weight, that seemed tied to her thigh. We thought it to be gold. Said he to her, we had better have that. She seemed to faint, and was going to tumble down. We took her along. She made something of a noise.
Q. What time of the night was this?
Campion. This was towards eleven o'clock.
Q. to Cardin. What time did they come to your house?
Cardin. They came between ten and eleven.
Campion. The watchman met us, and said: Where are you going with that woman? We said, we are of apprehension she has done something wrong, and we are going to take her into custody. The watchman asked her what they were going to do with her. She said, they were going to rob her. He took hold of her, and called us a pack of scoundrels, and said we had no business with her. We told him we knew what she had done, better than he. He said he would take her with him. I said, I only wished that we had got the rest of the money that she had got from her. The watchmen came round us; and one of the gentlemen that was along with me, received a blow from a watchman; it is scarce well yet; and he was obliged to run for it; and the woman was left with the watchmen, and the watchman owned she gave him eight shillings, to conduct her to my lord-mayor. Mr. Jefferey came to me, and I told him I had got some money of such a person; and if he could make it appear it was his, he should have it all.

Q. How came you to represent yourselves as officers?
Campion. I do not remember that we did: if we did, we did it with intent to do some poor person a piece of service.
Q. Is Old-street the direct way to New Prison?
Campion. We took her up Moor-fields, we thought that the best way.
Q. What! Did the watchman taking her away stop your desire of doing justice?
Campion. Yes.
Court. This transaction does not speak much in your behalf.
Q. What is become of the footman?
Campion. He was very ill.
Q. Where is he?
Campion. I cannot say where he is. Here is one gentleman here that was with me, and the others are to be found.
Q. What are the rest of the five?
Campion. One belongs to the Excise, another in a carpenter in Lime-street, the other was a gentleman's servant, and I believe the other is a carpenter.
Q. What office is he in that belongs to the Excise?
Campion. I believe he is in the Correspondent's office.
Q. How came you to think of carrying her to New Prison?
Campion. We had no notion where to take her to indeed.
Q. When did you first hear of this?
Campion. This was on Tuesday night, and the first I heard of it was the night before.
Q. When was the plan laid to take her to New Prison?
Campion. Towards six o'clock on the Monday night; the footman came to me, and the rest were present in the house at that time, or a little before.
Q. How came you to delay this till between ten and eleven.
Campion. We did not think of going at all at first.
Q. Why did you not go and carry her to the Compter? You was very near that.
Campion. I cannot say that, we were not acquainted with those things: some of them mentioned Clerkenwell, and I said, We will go there: it was all the same to me.
Q. Which of them mentioned Clerkenwell?
Campion. I do not know which of them it was.
Q. Did the watchman take her away by force?
Campion. Yes, and the gentleman here got a very bad stroke by one of them.
Q. How came you to take it in your heads to produce what you called warrants?
Campion. We did not do any such thing.
Cardin. They pull'd out a pocket-book with papers in it, but they did not shew any thing perfect; then they put the papers in the book again, and put it in their pocket.
Q. What did they call themselves?
Cardin. They said they were officers, and had a warrant against her.
Campion. There was no such thing as papers produc'd, to the best of my knowledge.


                  Thomas 
                  Lindsey 
               



            . I am a carpenter.
Q. Where do you live?
Lindsey. I live in Lime-street: what Mr. Campion has said before is no more than what I can confirm. I know nothing more than what he has rehearsed.
Q. What induced you to go on this affair?
Lindsey. To relieve the injured, for publick justice: our motive was to restore to the person what had been taken away.
Q. How came it you did not carry her to the Compter?
Lindsey. We were apprehensive somebody might rescue her, and we took her the byest way we could, to secure her.
Q. Would it not have been as well to have carried her the nearest way, if that was your fear?
Lindsay. It would, if we had thought of it.
Q. Did you not go by the Computer to go into Coleman-street?
Lindsay. We did.
Q. Would it not have been better to carry her there, as Coleman-street is in the city?
Lindsey. Yes; but it was started to carry her out of the way.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw no more of the man after we went out of the George in Water-lane, and he had his money safe then: the other women took it, and put some money in my pocket; what it was I do not know. I do not know their persons, nor how they came by it. This was in the coachman's house. Those men took me in a coach, and gave me drink: they discharged the coachman, and searched me all over: they lifted up my petticoats, and searched under my stays: I thought they were going to kill me in the dark. As they were going into the fields I saw a watchman; I called out to him, they went over the way laughing. The watchman came, and took me into a publick-house, and gave me some beer. The coachman knows they put me in a coach, and he lowed us. I said, Dear Gentlemen, don't kill me.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


