





250. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Evans 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing fourteen ounces of gold and silver lace
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert Albion 
                     Cox 
                  




               
            , March 11
. ++


                  Robert Albion 
                  Cox 
               



            . I live in Little-Britain


, and am a refiner
: the prisoner was my servant
: I trusted him to run down some gold and silver lace, along with another servant of mine, on the 11th of March: there were 490 odd ounces of it; in that quantity I miss'd 30 odd ounces.
Q. Does it not waste something?
Mr. Cox. If wastes about half a penny weight an ounce: on complaining to the other man, he was a little uneasy; I did not examine the prisoner, he having lived with me some time: but I was informed afterwards, the prisoner had carried fourteen ounces to Mr. Spinler, in Foster-lane, to sell: this was on the 14th day. I think, in the mean time, the prisoner was out with bills to a considerable amount, which he was to pay in at the bank. Mr. Spinler came and asked me if I had not a servant named Jones: I having no servant of that name, imagined it was not my servant. When the prisoner came home, I asked him if he had been at Mr. Spinler's, or ever went by two names? he said, No: I had then no suspicion, and Mr. Spinler having seen all my servants, I then let the prisoner have bills, to the amount of 300 and odd pounds, to go out for payment: I began to be very uneasy, as I understood he had not paid the other money into the Bank. I sent my apprentice out, who soon overtook him, and brought him back; then Mr. Spinler came to my house, and said, this is the man that brought the silver and gold lace to his house; he was confined in my house, and in the morning he confessed to me, the constable, and another of my servants, that he had robbed me of fourteen ounces odd pennyweight, which he had sold to Mr. Spinler the day before; the money he had secreted between his shoe and stocking: after this he confessed it before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Fludyer 
               



            .
Mr. Spinler. I am a refiner, and live in Gutter-lane. On the 11th of March, the prisoner brought 14 ounces of gold and silver lace, and sold it to me. (Producing it.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought this lace at the other end of the town; master saying he would let me go about my business, if I would confess, so I did say so.
Prosecutor. I promised him lenity, but not to let him go about his business.
He called 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Thomas 
               



            , at whose house he lodged, and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Burnet 
               



            , who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
