





294. (M.) 
               
                  Eliz.
                   Currey, otherwise 
M'Grath




            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing ten linen handkerchiefs, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Deborah 
                           Sharpless 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, privately in the shop of the said Deborah
            , May 14
. ++


                  Jane 
                  Sharpless 
               



            . 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Sharpless 
               



             is my mother; we live in Hanway-street


, and keep a linen-draper's shop
; the prisoner came to our shop the 14th of May, I never saw her before, there were two women with her; I missed a parcel of handkerchiefs before they went out of the shop; I insisted upon searching the prisoner; she got out of the shop and ran away; I called, stop thief; she was taken and brought back; I did not see her take them, but I saw her quilted petticoat up at the time I just missed them; she was taken before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; she denied taking them; both the other women ran away also; I never saw the piece of handkerchiefs again.


                  Nicholas 
                  Steel 
               



            . I was desired to go over to Mr. Sharpless's shop; I went; I questioned the prisosoner as to the theft; she denied it a considerable time; I said it would bring her to the Old-Bailey; she said, if she was to be hanged for it she would not tell an untruth; she told me Mrs. Kelly had run away with them, she was one of the women; I went in search of her, but could not find her.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Reed 
               



            . I saw a man standing at a gateway some time; the prisoner ran up a court by him, and dropped something; the man picked it up, and put it between his coat and waistcoat, and ran away with it; he turned to the right, and the prisoner to the left; I saw only her back part, but it was the same person I believe that was brought back.


                  Martha 
                  Pearce 
               



            . I saw the woman at the bar run out of Mrs. Sharpless's shop, and under the gateway, and drop the handkerchiefs from under her cloaths, on her right hand side; they were something white, and striped borders; she had like to have dropped her cloak. I saw them taken up, but do not know by who; he turned to the right, and she to the left at the same time; Mrs. Sharpless ran out of her shop, and cried, stop thief.
Q. to Mrs. Sharpless. What sort of handkerchiefs were they?
Mrs. Sharpless. They were striped borders kenting, folded up, not in paper.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going out and met an acquaintance, a market woman; she said she had been hiring a girl in Tottenham Court-road; she said she wanted to buy her a handkerchief; I went into the shop with her, but never touched a handkerchief; as I was going out at the door, she said I had dropped something; I went down the street; I did not see the woman my acquaintance coming after me. I came back again, then they said I had taken the handkerchiefs, and a young woman said she saw a man take them up.
she called 
               
                  Eliz 
                  Beaumont 
               



             of Paul's-wharf, who had known her 20 years, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Gibson 
               



             of Long lane 16, 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Sheridan 
               



             of Poppin's-alley four, and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Gambling 
               



             three or four; who said she worked hard in selling fruit about the streets, and was very honest.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
