





447. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Judith 
                     Burn 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing nine guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Shoesmith 
                  




                
            , July 15
. *


                  James 
                  Shoesmith 
               



            . On a Sunday night I had a pint of beer at the Running Horse, Tottenham-Court-road, about nine in the evening; there was the prisoner; I never saw her before.
Q. Was you sober?
Shoesmith. I was; she asked me to go along with her; we went to a lodging house by Diot-street


; I undressed myself, and had not been in bed half an hour, before I felt her take my money from out of my breeches, under my head: she was in bed with me; she said, if I would lie still till morning, and make myself easy, she would give me my money again; and that I should find it about the bed. I never had a wink of sleep all night; we got both up; I kept her in hold all the time: she found six guineas, and put three into a woman's ha nds that lay just by us. The six guineas the constable has; she would not give it me; the constable took it out of her hand: I don't know what is become of the other woman.


                  Thomas 
                  Willson 
               



            . I am constable. I was sent for by the man that keeps the house where they lodged; they were in a cellar, and the door was locked without side: he had heard the man call, and say he had lost nine guineas: when I came, he opened the door; I went down; the prosecutor said, he had lost nine guineas; there were the prisoner and another woman; he charged the prisoner; I searched, and found six guineas in her hand; I asked her where the rest was; she said she saw no more: I carried her to St. Giles's Round-house; this was between three and four o'clock. I did not search the other woman, because the man said she had not been nigh him. After the prisoner was in the Round-house, I saw the other woman come to her with a pot of beer; then I kept her there: she swore she never saw the money: I let her go; and took the prisoner before Justice Welch: there she said the other woman had the three guineas: then I went to see for her, and found she was gone off.
Prisoner's Defence.
I happened to come to that house; the man asked me to drink: he got up, and asked me to go along with him to the door; I did, he asked me to go home to bed with him; and said he lived just by: he carried me down into a cellar; I did not know he had a farthing in the world; he said, come, let me look at my money; he pulled out six guineas, and put them in my hand; which I gave him again: he said he had lost three; there was another woman in the same bed; she never was out of it; she did not get up when we did.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you deliver her the money?
Prosecutor. No, I did not. She got it, and I could not get it again: I offered her a guinea, if she would give it me, and she would not.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
