





153. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ward 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 20 l. in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Brockhurst 
                  




                
            , March 16
. *


                  Joseph 
                  Brockburst 
               



            . On Wednesday the 16th of March, my counting-house was privately entered in the evening, and my desk and my clerk's desk were broke open, and all the money taken out, except a few halfpence. It was not discovered till the Saturday following, when the mother to the prisoner, who was my servant, found half a guinea, and desired of her son to know how he came by it, and by threats she got it out of him; and afterwards he acknowledged to me and others, that he had let in one 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Devoe 
               



             through the house into the yard, where my counting-house is, and by the assistance of a false key got into the counting-house, broke both the desks open, and took all the money out, and divided it between them. The mother got from him 15 guineas and a half, and delivered it to me. I lost about 33 l. I had taken the prisoner apprentice
 out of the charity-school. he has been with me better than four years; he has had considerable charges upon him, I never knew him wrong me before.


                  David 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess as the prosecutor has mentioned.
Prisoner's Defence.
The other lad took me into a public house the night this was done, and called for a shilling worth of rum and water, and made me almost drunk. He said, if I would not let him into the house, he would knock me down.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
