





3. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Burgess 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver pint mug, val. 3 l. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Devereux 
                  




                
            , Jan. 6
. ||


                  Robert 
                  Devereux 
               



            . I live in Church-lane St. Giles's, and am a victualler
. I have known the prisoner some years, he has lived with me 3 weeks and 3 days on the 5th of this instant Jan. in the evening he left me; the same night at 11 o'clock I missed my mug: the next morning I got a horse, and rode out a little beyond Stratford, thinking I should hear of him; there had been a soldiers along with him that day, he had belonged to their regiment, and I heard they were going towards Colchester. I met a man driving of some sheep, I asked him if he had met such persons, he said he had not; then I turned back, and a little on this side White-chapel I met the prisoner and one of the soldiers; when I called to them, they seemed very much surprized, I asked them if they would drink some purl, as it was a cold morning; then I called the prisoner aside, and asked him what tricks he had played with my mug: he took me to Mr. Harding's, a goldsmith, in the Minories, there was the mug. (Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Thomas 
                  Harding 
               



            . The prisoner brought me this mug about 10 o'clock in the morning, on the 6th, and asked me if I would buy it, he pulled it out of his pocket in a handkerchief; I asked him, how he came by it; he said, his mother gave it him, and he had had it about 2 months; I asked him where he lived; he said, at Mr. Laett's, number 3, Orange-court, Drury-lane; I said, if he would bring any one to prove it was his property, I would buy it; I stopt it: he was gone not above half an hour before the prosecutor, he, and the soldier, came to the door; the prosecutor told me the same he has now informed the court; then I applied myself to the prisoner, and asked him if he had stole it, he said he did on the Wednesday between 4 and 5 o'clock. I then charged an officer with him, and he was taken before Mr. Alderman Cokayne, and committed.
Prisoner. I am guilty.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
