





26. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Farthing 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted, for 


               stealing one pair of silver tea-tongs, value 7 s. one long lawn apron, value 2 s. 6 d. four muslin-aprons, value 10 s. one silk-apron, five muslin-ruffles, two gause-handkerchiefs, one muslin-handkerchief, one linnen-handkerchief, two laced caps, three yards and a half of lace, three yards and three quarters of gause, eight yards and a half of other lace, sixteen yards of other lace, four yards of silk-ribbon, ten yards of persian silk, one dimity robe for a child, one remnant of crimson-sattin, one pair of child's shoes, one fan, and one guinea
            ; the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Flight 
                  




                
            , spinster
. October 28
. ++


                  Ann 
                  Flight 
               



            . I am a milliner
, and live in Cornhill


. The prisoner lived with me as a common servant in the house; about the latter end of October, I think, we found out things being taken; I am not certain when they were taken, others in the house suspected the prisoner, but I did not myself, till within a week of what happened; I had unlocked a drawer in my bureau, and left the key in it; when I came into my room at night, I saw the key there; I opened the drawer, and missed a guinea; I knowing no body had had any business there but herself; I went down and told it below.
Q. How many maid-servants do you keep in the house?
A. Flight. I keep only one.
I was afraid then, she was not so good as she should be; I was fearful of taking her character away, as I had a character with her; her bed-fellow took an opportunity to take her key of her box at night, and brought it to my sister that lives with me. In the morning I was told, my sister had opened the prisoner's box, which stood in a garret, up four pair of stairs (the prisoner lay with a journeywoman, up two pair of stairs; I then went to my brother to advise with him, what I had best to do; he said, as things of mine had been seen in her box, that were of a considerable value, I had better send for a constable, and have the box opened; I did, and, when it was opened, the things had been removed out of it; there was a long-lawn apron of mine found in it; I then talked with her, and, with a great deal to do, she fetched the things to me from where she had put them; she would have delivered them to me, and I refused to take them; then she delivered them to the constable: they were all pinned up together.
Q Where did she fetch them from?
A. Flight. She fetched them from out of the room where she lay; the bundle was opened in my presence; there were every thing that is laid in the indictment, except the lawn-apron, and two or three trifling things.
Q. Mention them?
A. Flight. A pair of silver tea-tongs, four muslin-aprons, a silk-apron, five muslin-ruffles, two gause handkerchiefs, two linnen-caps laced, three yards and a half of lace, three yards and three quarters of gause eight yards and a half of lace; sixteen yards of lace, four yards of silk-ribbon, ten yards of persian silk, one dimity robe for a child a remnant of crimson sattin, a pair of child's shoes, and a fan; when I went for the prisoner first, I told her, my sister had seen these things in her box; at first she denied it very strongly, but afterward she did acknowledge all that was in that bundle were my property; at first, she said nothing of the guinea, or that ever she took any thing that belonged to me.
Q. Where do you suppose she stole them from?
A. Flight. She acknowledged, she took the best of the lace from off the counter, while my sister was serving a customer.
Q Mention her words as near as you can recollect?
A. Flight. She said, she came down for some thing, and took one of the cards of lace; the rest of the lace we think she took, as it was carried up for work: There were some things in wear, some I believe she took out of my drawers, and out of the soul-bag; when I once went out, when I came to the end of my journey I missed an apron, which I knew I had laid out, in order to take with me.
Cross Examination.
Q. Had there been a quarrel between the prisoner and the rest of the people in the house?
A. Flight. Not as I know of.
Q. Whether the apron you saw in her box was after the key had been taken from her in the night-time?
A. Flight. It was.
Q. Did you see her take the things out of the drawer?
A. Flight. I did, her back was towards me, I was in the room.

Q. Were they taken out of a drawer where the journeywoman puts her things?
A. Flight. They were.
Q. Had it any lock upon it?
A. Flight. No, it had not.
Q. Do you know that she took the guinea?
A. Flight. I heard her acknowledge she took it; and, I believe, there are several others here, that heard it too.


                  Mary 
                  Flight 
               



            . The key of the prisoner's box was brought to me, by 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Cudlet 
               



            , a journeywoman, the night before she was sent to the Counter.
Q. What time of the night?
M. Flight. It was betwixt eleven and twelve: I had desired Miss to get the key out of her pocket, and bring it to me.
Q. Where was you then?
M. Flight. I was in bed, and Miss brought it to me in the dark; my room is betwixt her room and the garret. I laid it under my pillow till morning, and got up about six; then I went up and opened her box.
Q. Did you lay alone?
M. Flight. I had another journeywoman, named Wintworth, lay with me, she is now out of town. I opened the box, and saw a bundle which I opened, and saw most of the things that were found in it afterwards; then I pinned it up again, and locked the box, and the journeywoman that lay with me took the key, and went down with me, and put it under the drawers, where the bundle was afterwards found: I acquainted my sister with it; I was in the room when the prisoner was sent for, when the constable was there. My sister charged her with taking the guinea, and several other things; she denied taking any thing, then my sister desired her to go up and fetch the things. At first, she said, she had lost the key of her box; but, at last, she pulled it out of her stays. I saw the long-lawn apron, and some laced caps, that were not in the bundle in the box, when it was open. After that, my sister desired her to deliver the bundle, saying, she knew she had it; then she went with my sister into the room, and offered it her; my sister refused it, then she delivered it to the constable. We did not, at that time, know she had removed them from her box, the box was up four pair of stairs, the bundle was in the second pair of stairs room.
A. Flight. She went directly to the drawer, without opening any other. These drawers were used in common by her and the journeywoman.
Q. To M. Flight. Had any thing passed before the constable was sent for, that gave her any suspicion?
M. Flight. Nothing but missing the key out of her pocket, which I suppose, made her mistrust.
Q. What time was she first called down stairs?
M. Flight. That was between nine and ten o'clock, that was the first notice she had, that she was likely to be charged.
Q. What time did she get up that morning?
M. Flight. She got up between six and seven, that was her usual time.
Q. Had she been out at the door?
M. Flight. She had not, as I know of; she could not easily have gone out, without being known. I had desired a journeywoman to watch her, that she did not go out.
Cross Examination.
Q. What time did the journeywoman bring you the key?
M. Flight. I did; I rang for the maid to get up, to go down stairs to warm a little water, in order that the journeywoman might take the key out of her pocket.
Q. Did you take any body with you, when you opened her box?
M. Flight. No; I did not?
Q. Was the box locked?
M. Flight. It was?
Q. Did you take any notice to the prisoner, what you had seen, when she first came down in the morning?
M. Flight. No; I did not.
Q. Did you see her come down?
M. Flight. I saw her between seven and eight in the morning; she came down to breakfast, and went up to make her bed betwixt eight and nine.
Q. Did you see the bundle taken out of the drawer?
M. Flight. I did not.


                  Margaret 
                  Cudlet 
               



            . I am a journeywoman at Mrs. Flight's; I lay with the prisoner. Mrs. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Flight 
               



             desired me to get the prisoner's key, that night that we suspected she had the guinea; I took it out of her pocket, and carried it up immediately to Mrs. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Flight 
               



            .
Q. Where did you find the prisoner's pocket?
M. Cudlet. It lay on some drawers by the bedside.
Q. Was it the pocket she had worn that day?
M. Cudlet. I suppose it was; I saw no other.
Cross Examination.
Q. Where was the prisoner at that time?
M. Cudlet. She was then gone down stairs.

Q. Had she been in bed?
M. Cudlet. She had before me; this was about a quarter of an hour after I was in bed.
Q. Was she undressed when she went down?
M. Cudlet. I suppose, she slipt on a petticoat, to go down, when my mistress rang the bell.


                  John 
                  Hubord 
               



            . I was the constable; I was sent for to take this woman in charge, on the 28th of October, between ten and eleven in the morning. When I came there, Mrs. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Flight 
               



             told me, she had lost some things, and she thought, she, the prisoner, had them. She first mentioned a guinea, which was lost the day before; and, upon that suspicion, there were some things seen in her box that morning; they could not find the key, neither would the prisoner deliver it to them. One of the ladies went to look for it, under some drawers in a room, up either two or three pair of stairs, but could not find it. The prisoner, herself, said she did not know where it was; I was charged with her; I said, Molly, produce the key, you had much better produce it; she said, she knew nothing of it, but, upon intreaties from her mistress, me, and others, she, at last, pulled it out of her bosom, and looked like one that was struck almost dumb; then I said, now, Molly, go up and unclock your box, and let us see, whether this bundle is in your box or not. I followed her up, and the two Mrs. Flights; when the box was open. there was no bundle to be found; she was asked where it was, and was told it was in that box that morning; she said, she knew nothing of a bundle, or that there had been one there; Mrs. Flight said, she had seen it, and desired her to fetch it; then they went down one or two pair of stairs, I did not go with them; the prisoner there produced the bundle, that was unpinned or untied, before me.


                  Charles 
                  Holmes 
               



            . I am a constable in the precinct where Miss Flight lives; the bundle was delivered into my custody by the last evidence, and I have had it ever since. The guinea was found in it, wraped up in a piece of brown silk. (The bundle produced in court, and deposed to.)
A. Flight. I would not have sworn to the guinea and tea tongs, had not the prisoner acknowledged, she had taken them from me; here is my own writing, as to the quantity and price of the lace on the cards, and the ribbon the same, and my own name is on the apron.


                  John 
                  Flight 
               



            . My sister came and told me, the key had been left in a drawer, and a guinea was missing. She desired my advice in it; I went there, the constable was sent for. I was present at the opening the things; after the bundle was produced by the prisoner. I asked the prisoner if they were all her mistress's things? she declared they were th at the time we were untying or unpinning the bundle or just before. I took up the bundle and shook it, the guinea was the first thing that fell down; there was also the tea-tongs. My sister said, I do not remember we ever left the shop open. I cannot tell which way you came by this of lane? said the prisoner, you was serving a customer one day, and I came down, and took it off the counter.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of them. I only saw them in my box: I lay with a young lady; they called me up between twelve and one at night my pockets had laid on the drawers two or three days before the young lady owned she had taken the key out of my pocket while I was down stairs they kept the key all night. About 10 o'clock. I wanted to go to my box. I felt for my key, and missed it out of my pocket. I kneeled down, and took it up under the drawers, I saw a bundle which was not mine I took it out of my box, and carried it down into the room where I lay, which I thought a person had put in there, they all owed me a great grudge. I was going out of the house several times, but they would not let me: the next day, they went for a constable, and gave me into his custody; they told me they lost a guinea out of a bureau, and asked me if I knew any thing of it? I said no. They asked me if I had any more things in my custody of theirs? I said I had not. They said we know of more, for we have seen every thing you have in your box. They dragged me up stairs, and in my fright, I did not know where my key was. It was in my bosom; I opened my box; they asked me where my bundle was? I said I had carried it down into the room where I use. They shook a guinea out of it, and asked me if any thing besides was there. I said I believed not. I did not know what they were. I never saw the lace till they opened it in the room; they asked me when I took the lace? I said I knew nothing of it.
Q. to Prosecutrix. How long had the prisoner lived with you?
Prosecutrix. She has lived with me between four and five months.
Q. to M. Cudlet. Was there ever any quarrel between you and the prisoner?
M. Cudlet. No, never.
Q. Was she ever about going away on any disputes?
M. Cudlet. No, never.

To her Character.


                  John 
                  Barber 
               



            . I live in Threadneedle street, and am a glazier by trade: I have known the prisoner at the bar by sight; she lived at Mr. White's and Mrs. Flight's. That is all I have to say.


                  Eleanor 
                  Connoly 
               



            . I have known her about a year and a half; I never knew any thing amiss of her till now: I lived in her father's house, in Three-Nun court; I never saw any thing amiss of her while I was there.


                  Sarah 
                  Grover 
               



            . I live in the Old 'Change; I have known her about 2 years: I have very little to say as to her character; I know very little of her; I lodg'd in her father's house.


                  Margaret 
                  Welch 
               



            . I live in Three-nun court, Threadneedle-street, she is a sober honest woman, as far as I know.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Bowen 
               



            . I live in Three-nun court, I have known her about three quarters of a year. She bears a very good character, as far as ever I heard or know.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
