





388. (L.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Pitt 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of women's shoes, and two pair of women's pumps
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hale 
                  




                
            , May 17
. ||


                  James 
                  Hale 
               



            . I am a shoemaker
 on Snow-hill


; the prisoner was my journeyman
 for about four years; for these two years past I have frequently missed shoes out of my shop; I could not tell which way they went, till Mr. Hall acquainted me on the 19th of May, he had some shoes at his house which he had reason to believe were mine; I lost three pair on the 17th, the other the 16th, and they were brought to me on the 18th of May; there were five pair of them; when I charged the prisoner, he owned he had been robbing me for two years last past; that when he went out, he used to take a pair or two in his pocket.


                  John 
                  Hall 
               



            . The prisoner offered some shoes to me o n the 18th of May; I have bought women's shoes of him at about 2 s. 2 d. a pair; before he told me he was going into the country, that his kitt was packed up, and he wanted to sell the shoes, I took him to be a chamber-master; I bought five pair of him; I thought I had seen him in Mr. Hale's shop; I went to the Cock alehouse on Snow-hill, and sent for Mr. Hale, I took him to my house and shewed him the shoes; he said they were all his property; then we carried them to the prisoner; the prisoner owned he had taken them all out of his master's shop (produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
I bought these shoes of a man that brought them into a public-house. I never saw that man before or since, I gave him a market price for them, so I sold them to Mr. Hall.

For the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Evans 
               



            . I have known the prisoner twelve years and upwards, I never heard but that he worked very honestly for his living till now.


                  Mary 
                  Woodward 
               



            . I have known him three years, he lodged in my house at this time; I never heard any thing amiss of him before, I know he was a very hard working man.


                  Anne 
                  White 
               



            . I have known him between two and three years, I always looked upon him to be an honest hard working man.


                  Thomas 
                  Flinter 
               



            . I have known him ten or eleven years, I never heard a blemish on his character before this.


                  Samuel 
                  Ferguson 
               



            . I have known him from a child, I never knew him wrong man, woman, or child, till this unfortunate thing.


                  Thomas 
                  Nightingale 
               



            . I have known him five years, he always behaved very well as far as I knew.


                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            . I have known him pretty near three years; he lived opposite where I do, I always took him to be a hard working honest man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
