





60. (M) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pearce 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one wooden-cask, value 2 d. and fifty pounds of butter, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Bucchanan 
                  




                
            , Dec. 20
. ++


                  Charles 
                  Bucchanan 
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live in Whitechapel


. On the 12th of December. in the evening, I lost a cask of butter; but I never saw the prisoner till he was taken and brought back to my shop, with the butter upon him.
Q. Who brought him back?
Bucchanan. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Styles 
               



             brought him back about two hours after it was missing.
Q. What time was it missing?
Bucchanan. There were 20 casks of them in all, at my shop-door, between five and six o'clock.


                  Henry 
                  Styles 
               



            . I weighed this cask of butter, and put it with nineteen more, by the door, in order to be loaded: the cart was not ready. My master called me to do some business, and the cart came to the door: then we missed one of the firkins. I said to my fellow-servant, here are but nineteen! A little child was by; said she, I saw a man take one of the tubs up, and go over there (pointing towards Newcastle-street.) My master sent me and another fellow-servant as far as Aldgate; I went on one side of the way, and he on the other. We could see nothing of the cask. Then my master ordered me to go and look in all the alleys and places about: I went down Newcastle-street, Fashion-street, Winsford-street, and Wheeler-street; and left word at some little shops, if any person should offer a cask of butter to sell, to let my master know of it. After that a person came and said, such a person had offered some butter at a shop in Winsford-street. I went there; the woman met me at the door, and said, Here is a man can inform you of a person that has butter to sell. The man said, I'll shew you the man, he is at a barber's shop. We went into the barber's shop, and there I saw the cask standing, and the barber was shaving the prisoner. I said, What have you got here, rum, or brandy? Let us tap it. The prisoner got up, and d - d me, and said, It is my property. I knew it as soon as I saw it. I sent the man that called me there for a constable. I told the prisoner it was my master's property, and desired him to carry it along with me. First the prisoner told me he found it in George-yard, then in Castle-street, and at last said he was drunk.
Q. How long had it been gone before you missed it.
Styles. It had not been gone seven minutes before we missed it. The prisoner said he was sorry for it: he was put in the watch-house that night.
Q. Did he say he took it from the door?
Styles. No, he did not: the next morning he desired I would be as favourable as I could. I carried him to justice Fielding. [The butter produced in court.] This is my master's cask and butter, which was taken from the door that night.
A Witness. I saw the prisoner offer to sell this very cask of butter, at a little chandler's shop.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had done work, and as I was going home, between five and six in the evening, through Newcastle-street, there lay a cask or butter; I kicked it with my foot, thinks I what is this: I took it up, it was pretty heavy; there was no soul there to look at me. I said to myself, God bless me, this is a cask of brandy. I took it on my shoulder, and took it away. Thinks I, I will take it home; but instead of that I took it with me to the barber's shop, that I might be shaved. Then I thought I would have some inquiration after this the next day, which was Sunday; and thought I would have it advertized on the Monday, that every body might have their own property. There were no witnesses by when I took it on my shoulder.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


