






92, 93. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Murphy 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Dailey 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing 36 pounds weight sugar
            , the property of 
               
                  John and 
                        
                           
                              Thomas 
                              Mills 
                           







            , February 25
. ++


                  John 
                  Grayerson 
               



            . I am headborough of the precinct of St. Catherine's. I met with the woman at the bar near our watch-house, and I saw she had got something. I took her to the watch house, and there I found 26 pounds weight of sugar. We took her before justice Scott, where she said she bought it of a man in trowsers, like a sailor.

Q. What do you know of the other prisoner?
Grayerson. He came to give her a character, and offered money if we would let her go.


                  Samuel 
                  Wood 
               



            . I am a wharsinger, and had many hogsheads of sugar under the care of Dailey. I paid him a guinea a week. On the Monday morning a servant of mine came and told me a woman had been stop'd by the watchman in St. Catherine's, with some sugar upon her, and that she had sent to my watchman Dailey, who had offered them a guinea to let her go, and that she was at liberty, and my watchman had absconded. The woman used to come to bring him clean linen, so I knew her before. I found her, and she told me the same as has been mentioned, that she bought it of a sailor on Tower-Hill. I went and found that a hogshead of sugar under his care had been plundered, which was of the same sort. On weighing it, I missed forty-five pounds.
Q. Whose property was it?
Wood. It was the property of John and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Mills 
               



            . I took the man at the bar, and he had a drawn hanger at the time, which I thought was a little suspicious.
Murply's Defence.
I bought the sugar of a sailor.
Dailey's Defence.
I never wrong'd my master in my life.
For Murply.


                  Eleanor 
                  Dennis 
               



            . I have known Murphy about half a year, and never heard any thing ill of her.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


