





399. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Prince 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two sows, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Turner 
                  




                
            , widow
, July 10
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Turner 
               



            . I am son to 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Turner 
               



            . On Thursday morning the watchman came and knock'd me out of bed at three in the morning; I went down, and saw the watchman had brought my mother's two sows.
Q. Where does your mother live?
Turner. In Berwick-street; I live there also. The watchman said, the man that had them was in the round-house; I went there, and ask'd the prisoner what his name was; he said his name was Pickering: I ask'd him if it was not Prince; he said, No: I ask'd him if he could read or write; he said, No: I ask'd him if he was not clear'd on Wednesday; he said he was: I ask'd what he was doing with the two sows; he said he was going to drive them to the Green yard: I ask'd him if he was not ashamed of committing so rash an act, just after his being accused with a crime of the same sort; he said he wanted some money to buy him some shoes, or to sole his shoes; I can't tell which.
Q. Were the hogs lost from out of a stye, or where?
Turner. We always lock them up; but I believe the man was a little in liquor that night, and did not lock them up; it is always my order that they should be lock'd up.


                  Anthony 
                  Fonsecca 
               



            . I am a watchman belonging to St. James's; the prisoner came by a little before two in the morning; I knowing the two sows, stopt him, and ask'd him where he was driving the two hogs; he said to St. James's market: after that he said he was going to drive them to Tothilfields Pound: I told him he should drive them no farther; he swore he would; I said he should not: I took him to the watch-house, and drove the hogs home to Mr. Turner's. The prisoner told me he had been confined some time, and had been acquitted that day.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have nothing farther to say than what I have said; I have no friend in the world; I saw the two sows in the street, and was going to take them to the Pound, to get a little money to put some shoes upon my feet to go into the country, as I heard there was an act of parliament against their going in the street.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
This was tried on Saturday, the last day of the Sessions. See him tried on Wednesday the first, No. 344.
