





319. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Parker 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 20 s. and a pair of silver shoe-buckles
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fouroy 
                  




                
            , May 12
. ++


                  Hugh 
                  Bready 
               



            . I live in Union-court, Holbourn; the prisoner and two other girls came into my room last Monday in the afternoon, and begged liberty of my wife to let them have a little water to make some tea; they asked me whether I could be of service to a friend of theirs, to pawn a watch; one of the other women produced it to me; I took it, and said I must have a good account of it before I parted with it I delivered it to the constable, and went with him to Justice Welch; I never saw the other two women before, but I have known the prisoner some time in the market.


                  William 
                  Fouroy 
               



            . I met the prisoner at the Two Brewers in St. Giles's, last Monday was a week, and went with her to her lodgings in Maynard-street


; we went to bed together; I pulled only my coat, waistcoat, and shoes off; I awaked about four o'clock in the afternoon, then the prisoner was gone, and my watch and buckles also; I had put my watch under my pillow when I went to sleep; I was in liquor; the constable that has the watch is not here.


                  Samuel 
                  Dailey 
               



            . On Tuesday was se'nnight the prisoner came into my shop with one silver buckle, I am a silver-smith, and live in Long-acre (produced and deposed to by prosecutor.) She first asked me whether it was silver; I said it was; she held up her hands, and said, Thank God; I had not a halfpenny to buy me victuals, till providence threw this in my way. I gave her 3 s. 6 d. for it.
Bready. The prosecutor saw the watch at the Justice's, he said it was his watch.
Prosecutor. It was my watch which Bready produced there; I bought it at Amsterdam.
Prisoner's defence.
He made me go along with him whether I would or no; I awaked, and would get up; he said he should not get up yet; he bid me take care of the watch, and he would get up and go to a public-house, and make me a present; he had no money when I went to lie with him.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Martin 
               



             appeared to her character, who said she lived servant with her 14 or 16 weeks, and was very apt to get in liquor.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
