





113. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Egan 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 40 pair of silk stockings, value 20 l. the property of 
                     
                        Jonathan 
                        May 
                     




                   , privately, in the shop of the said Jonathan
            , Dec. 29
. ||


                  Jonathan 
                  May 
               



            , I am a hosier
, and live near St. Clement's Church in the Strand


; I missed my goods mentioned in the indictment last Tuesday was a fortnight; I cannot tell justly how many I lost, but I can swear to 40 pair; when the prisoner was taken, he acknowledged he was concerned in stealing my stockings, and gave an account of the evidence and Field; Field is not taken.


                  John 
                  Brook 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker on Ludgate-hill; last Monday was a fortnight, a woman came with a pair of silk stockings to pawn; I asked her if they were her own; she said, a man at the door owned them; then the prisoner came in; he said they were his own; I suspected them; I stopped the stockings, and advertised them the next day; and on reading the paper, found Mr. May had lost some; I went, and shewed him them; he said, they were a pair of his which he had lost; (produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
- Peele. I am a cabinet-maker. On Christmas eve I went with the prisoner and 
               
                  Emanuel 
                  Field 
               



            , to the prosecutor's house, opposite St. Clement's church; the prisoner took a parcel of silk stockings out of the shop, and delivered them to me, and I went away with them to a public-house (the Black Raven) we had appointed to meet at, in Chick-lane; we offered them to several people, none would buy them; then a woman said, she would sell them for us, if we would give her any thing; she went out, and sold them for a guinea, and we had 8 s. 8 d. each, and the woman had a shilling; I met him the next Saturday night, and he said they had been at the same shop, and had stole some more; I was taken before Justice Fielding, and he admitted me an evidence.
Prisoner's defence.
The evidence led me into the thing.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
