





428. (L.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas, 
												Holmes
										 







             was indicted for 


               stealing three silk handkerchiefs, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Mould 
                  




                
            , August 24
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Mould 
               



            . I live in Bishopsgate-street


, and am a linen-draper
. On the 24th of August I was not at home myself, but came home just as my servant had detected the prisoner. I have only to say, that the goods found upon her are my property. She was then in the shop.


                  William 
                  Vanham 
               



            . I am journeyman to Mr. Mould. On Thursday was se'nnight the prisoner came under pretence to buy some handkerchiefs. I shewed her variety. After she had been some time in the shop, I saw something under her arm. I could not directly say what it was till some time after, when I saw the end of one handkerchief hang under her cloak. I still shewed her more. I ask'd her 4 s. for one, she bid me 3 s. and was going out. I then said, You have stolen some handkerchiefs. I took hold of her, and took them from her. She ran away, but I pursued her, and brought her back again. (The handkerchiefs produced and deposed to.) She had them close up under her arm.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into the shop to buy me a handkerchief. I bid him 3 s. but he ask'd 3 s. 6 d. for one. He took it from me, and said, This good woman wanted to steal a handkerchief. There were more women in the shop at the time. I am a servant
 out of place. It is but eight weeks since I came out of the country.
To her Character.


                  Timothy 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I have known her the eight weeks since she came to town. She comes from Nottinghamshire. I also knew her there. She was at my house the day of this unhappy affair. She went out, and said she was going to a place. I saw no more of her till I saw her in custody. I never knew any thing of this kind of her before. She had been in a place but three days, and came away sick to my house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
