





62. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Turner , otherwise 
Anne Briant




               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 5 s. a linen shift, value 1 s. a cloth cloak, value 2 s. two linen caps, value 1 s. a linen handkerchief, a pair of stays, two aprons, a pair of stuff shoes, a pair of worsted hose, and a silk hat
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Nixon 
                  




                
            , widow, November 7
. *


                  Sarah 
                  Nixon 
               



            . I lost the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them) on the 7th of November, at night, between 7 and 8 in the evening. I had been out to work, and left the prisoner with two of her brother's children in my house, and bid her take care of the house; she does not live in my house, but used to be backwards and forwards to her brother. When I returned, I missed them directly. I went after the prisoner, and took her in Eagle street, near the Hay-market. I charged her with taking them; she owned to every thing, and went with me to where she had pledged them; there I found them.


                  Anne 
                  Leighton 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar pledged with me this apron and handkerchief, on the 8th of November.


                  Anne 
                  Rimas 
               



            . I bought this sheet of the prisoner on the 8th of November.


                  Sarah 
                  Parrot 
               



            . The prisoner pawned this shift to me for a shilling between 4 and 5 o'clock that afternoon.


                  Hannah 
                  Tweedle 
               



            . The prisoner pledged this gown to me the 9th of November.


                  Anne 
                  Bishop 
               



            . The prisoner pledged these stays and hat on the 9th of November. (The goods produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
She lent me these things to go to see after a place, and after that swore a robbery against me.
Q. to prosecutrix. Did you lend the prisoner these things?
Prosecutrix. No, I did not.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
