





415. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Conscollon 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s. an iron chain, value 3 d. and a red glass seal set in Pinchbeck metal, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Puncheon 
                  




                
            , June 10
. ||


                  Nathaniel 
                  Puncheon 
               



            . I am an upholsterer
, and live in Meeting-house-court, Long-acre. On the 10th of June I got up to go to my business between four and five o'clock; in walking a little about, hearing a noise in Jackson's-alley, by Covent-garden, I saw two or three women, the prisoner was one of them; she asked me to come in, which I did; she asked me to sit down, I did; she asked me if I would give her a glass of wine; I said I was a working man and could not, I gave her some halfpence; she sent a woman for what she chose, I believe it was gin; I was leaning my arm over a chair; she took hold of my breast and snatched my watch out of my pocket, and gave it to another woman, and held me while the other woman whom she gave it to ran away with it; I said I would not quit the place till I had my property; she made me believe she would soon get it again, and went out to Broker's-alley; I followed her; she went in at a public-house there, and called for liquor and some brandy; two men came and joined her, who followed us from Jackson's alley, so I dared not detect her; we drank the liquor and went out; she made her escape to Chimney-sweeper's-alley, I saw her go into a house; I went to the door and alarmed the people, and told them I hoped they would deliver her up; I sent for a constable, she burst out at the door and fell to beating of me; she tore my clothes and made her escape before the constable came, but we found her and took her before Justice Welch, and she was committed.
Q. Where was you going to work?
Puncheon. In Fenchurch-street.
Q. What was your intent in going to Jackson's-alley, that was out of your way?
Puncheon. It was a frolick of mine.


                  Thomas 
                  Friend 
               



            . I live in Chimney-sweeper's-alley. On the 10th of June in the morning about four o'clock, the prosecutor came knocking at my door; I got to the window, he told me he was robbed of his watch, and the woman was come into the house, (a carpenter had gone out to work and had left the door open;) I met the prisoner on the stairs; she said, for God's sake, don't let him in, for he is a bailiff, and I am a poor widow; I happened to know the prosecutor; when she found we would not harbour her, she went out and knocked him about in the street, and called him a bailiff's following dog.
Puncheon. The prisoner sent for me to come to her in Clerkenwell Bridewell, she wanted me to compound it; I told her I could not do it.
Prisoner's defence.
I know no more of the watch than they that are in France.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
