





174. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Keatley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Hall 
                     



                   , on the 18th of January
, in the night time, and stealing a pair of cotton stockings, a pair of worsted stockings, half a pound weight of soap, five linen shirts, and four linen table-cloths
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lockley 
                  



                
            . *


                  Mary 
                  Lockley 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lockley 
               



            : we lodge at the house of Joseph Hall, who keeps the Shepherd and Flock, a public-house, at Marybone


. I was up on the 18th of January, till one in the morning: I don't know that any body in the house was up so late as I was; I generally am up last: the house was secured before I went up stairs; I take in washing: the wash-house, where the linen was, was all made fast, the door locked, and the window bolted.
Q. Is that wash-house any part of the dwelling-house?
Lockley. It joins to it; the side of the house is the end of the wash-house. In the morning, after my husband was gone down, we had word sent us from the watch-house, that they had a man there with some of our linen; this was about six o'clock. I went down stairs, and found a ladder was standing against the tyles, by the door; a parcel of tyles were taken off, and a hole made from thence down through the cieling, big enough for a man to get down, and the door was left open, where I suppose the thief went out; the door opens into the yard: there is no chamber over the wash-house. I went to the watch-house about seven; there I saw my linen and things mentioned in the indictment, and the prisoner was confined there. (The goods produced and deposed to).
Q. Who did the ladder belong to?
Lockley. That was my landlord's property; he is a master bricklayer; that generally when out of use, was in the yard.


                  John 
                  Pemberton 
               



            . I am a watchman, in Marybone parish. Between the hours of two and three on Saturday morning, the 19th of January, I was standing behind a board in a dark corner, at the King George, in Portland-street, which is about half a mile from this woman's house. I heard a foot coming along pretty briskly from out of the fields: when he came opposite me, I pushed out; I had my lanthorn under my coat; I opened my coat and drew it out: I said, halloo, my friend, what have you got here? it was the prisoner: he said, nothing. I said it is something: then he said it is nothing to you; he had a great bundle under his coat: I said what is it? he said, it is nothing but a little bundle of wet linen, which he was going to carry home to his wife to dry and iron: I said, where does your wife lodge? he said, at the Hampshire-hog, St. Giles's, or by it. I said, is your wife a laundress? he said, yes. I said, where did you bring it from? he said, from a gentlewoman, at the Shepherd and Flock, at Marybone. I said, does your wife iron for a gentlewoman there? he said, yes. I said, it is a wrong time of night; how came you to carry it at this time of night? he said, he had been drinking with two or three of his countrymen, and they had been tossing up, and that made him later than he should have been: he said he was a very honest man, and I might go home with him to his wife, and she would tell me the same. I said, I had no business to go with him: he said, he had told who he had brought it from, and where he was going, and I had no business to stop him; and said, I did not know my business: he kept pushing forwards, but I took hold of him, and said he should go with me to the watch-house; he struggled to get away, and my dog came and jumped up towards his face; then he submitted. I got him to the watch-house about ten minutes before three. Going to call the hour three, I met a young man going to Marybone; I sent word by him to the Shepherd and Flock, that if any body there had sent any linnen out, or lost any, to come directly to me. When I had done calling the hour six, the woman and her husband came and owned the things, the same as laid in the indictment; it was all wrapped in one of the table-cloths. We took him before the justice; there he said, another was concerned with him, who had handed it out of the wash-house to him; I have forgot that man's name, but he was brought there. Then he sent for his landlady, who made it appear, he was in bed and asleep at the time. So he was discharged.


                  Andrew 
                  Anderson 
               



            . I am constable. I carried the prisoner to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's; there he owned the linen was found in his custody, but that he did not break into the house: he said one Neal gave him the linen out of the house: Sir John desired me to go and take up Neal; I did; the man sent for his landlady and his bedfellow, and they made proof he was at home, and in bed at the time, in St. Giles's, and he was discharged: then the prisoner said, he did not know which way he came by the linen, being in liquor. I went to the house of Mr. Hall, and saw there was room enough broke for a man to go down into the wash-house.
Q. Does the wash-house join to the dwelling-house?
Anderson. It does.
Pemberton. I saw the place that was broken: the house and wash-house join in the form of the letter L.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have no wife in England; I work'd for Mr. Foster, in Tyburn-road; he pays his men at the Rose and Crown: I happened to come in there for a slice of bread and cheese, and a pint of beer; two or three of the workmen came in, and we staid and drank there till it was late: I was after going home every minute, and asked what o'clock it was? they said it was ten o'clock, and another time said it was eleven; they kept me till twelve. When I left the house, I was going home, but a man met me, and asked me if I would go with him and earn six-pence? I said, yes, and thank him too: I said, where? he said to Marybone: he brought me to a house, and kept me till we had five or six pints of beer, but where this Neal parted with me, I cannot tell, or whether he was the man that gave me the linen, I cannot tell: that man brought me to Marybone, brought a bundle to me, and put it on my head, and some things in my pocket; he bid me carry them to Hanover-square; and said, if I do not come soon, pitch your load till I come: I never miss'd the man till I was stopped by the watchman; he asked me where I was going? I looked about, and did not see the man; I was surprized: what I said I cannot tell: I knew nothing of what pass'd till I found myself in the watch-house the next morning: the watchman, when he was bringing me to the watch-house, said he would swear my life away, in order to get the reward; he told me I was a gone man. I have two small orphans, and a helpless father, in Dublin: I hope the honourable court will consider my innocence in this affair: I am a bricklayer's labourer.
Q. to Pemberton. Did the prisoner appear disguised in liquor, when you met with him?
Pemberton. No, he did not, at all.




               Guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 


               T
            .
