





225. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Knight 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of men's silk hose, value 3 s. and two cotton handkerchiefs, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Lackey 
                  




               
            , Feb. 1
. ++


                  Alexander 
                  Lackey 
               



            . I am a hosier
, and live in St. Martin's court


. On Monday the 1st of February about six in the evening, I was backwards drinking tea; I came out into the shop and saw 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Johnson 
               



             in the court, she told me there was a young man run up the court from my door; I went up and found the prisoner in Cecil-court, which communicates with the other court by a narrow passage; I taxed him with having robbed my show-glass, and brought him back; coming up the narrow passage I heard something fall, I stopped and picked up a pair of stockings; I brought the prisoner to the shop-door, the young woman said she was very sure she saw him take something out of the glass. We took him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; he was committed for further examination. On the Wednesday morning we were again before Sir John; I swore to the stockings which I missed out of the glass; I missed also two cotton handkerchiefs which I did not find.


                  Bridget 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I saw the prisoner take something out of the prosecutor's show-glass, I did not see what things they were; then he went down the court; I called to the prosecutor, who went after him, and brought him back in about two minutes.
Prisoner's defence.
I was never no nearer the prosecutor's shop than the place where he took hold of me; I was just come from Hyde Park-corner, and was going to Clare-market; I am a plaisterer
. 



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
