





21. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Whittall 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two silver table spoons, value 12 s. the property of the Right Hon. 
                     
                        Gertrude 
                        Lady
 Kerry


                  , and one cloth waistcoat, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Pigg 
                        



, September 23
. *


                  James 
                  Pigg 
               



            . I am servant
 to Lady Kerry: about nine weeks ago there was an old silver spoon missing that was in my care: the prisoner's wife lived in the house, and he came to see her sometimes: about a month after I missed another, both with a crest on them: about the same time I missed a grey waistcoat of my own. I asked the prisoner if he knew any thing of my waistcoat; he said he took it one night when he came from Richmond to my Lady's very wet, and he had put it into his box and had lost the key. On the 28th of November I missed one of my shirts out of the pantry, between the hours of 12 and 1 in the day: I went and enquired after him: he lodged near my Lady's house in the Meuse. I met him in the Strand: I said, Now pray Mr. Whittall, give me my waistcoat, I want it; he said it was in his box; I went with him: he took the key and opened the box, and said the waistcoat is not here, that he had taken it home for me: I asked him who saw him bring it home, he said they all saw him: the next morning I told my Lady what had happened: she said she expected me to pay for the spoons; then I went and got a warrant, and took him up: he was asked by the Justice in what manner he lived; he said his wife supported him: the Justice said, It was a scandal to the breeches to be supported by a wife for three years together: he was taken to the Round-house till the Monday: I went and got an hundred hand-bills printed: I had not been gone above an hour before I found two spoons at Mr. Fleming's, a pawn-broker at the corner of Crane-court (produced and deposed to). As we were carrying him to prison, he owned my waistcoat was at the same place, where I went and found it (produced and deposed to). He told me of the shirt, and I found it accordingly: he owned he took and pledged them.

- Fleming, junior. I am apprentice to my father: on the 2d of this instant, Mr. Pigg came and brought a hand-bill, and mentioned the tablespoons and a waistcoat: I went and found the spoons; they were brought by the prisoner: I have known him two or three years.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
