






326, 327. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bright 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Jegger 
                  



                
            , widow
, were indicted for 


               stealing four pair of linen sheets, value 20 s. eight linen table cloths, value 6 s. eighteen shifts, value 18 s. eighteen aprons, twelve linen handkerchiefs, four cotton handkerchiefs, one pewter dish, six pewter plates, one copper pottage pot, three copper sauce-pans, a copper tea kettle, and a brass frying-pan
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sermon 
                  




                
            , May 6
. ++


                  Sarah 
                  Sermon 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; we live in Old Gravel-lane, Wapping


: on the 6th of May we had washed, and the things were in the shed joining to the house; some hanging on a line, and some in a great tub: in the morning on the 7th, they were all gone: (mentioning the things by name in the indictment): on the Monday following I went to Rosemary-lane, and found a child's jacket and petticoat in a woman's lap in the street: she said she had just bought them of a woman; we desired her to find that woman: she came to me the next day with a table cloth, and a child's night gown; and carried us to the house where the two prisoners lodged up two pair of stairs; there we found a great many of our things, the pottage pot was knocked to pieces, but we found the bail and iron that went round the rim; there was the tea-kettle, and one sauce-pan (produced and deposed to); then we secured the prisoners: at first they said they did not know how they came there; at last the woman owned she had sold the pewter to Mrs. Godfrey, in Ratcliff-high-way; where we found them; and we found two parcels of the goods pawned at two different pawnbrokers; one named Ross, on Green Bank; the other Jones, in Old Gravel-lane.


                  Mary 
                  Fletcher 
               



            . I go about buying old cloaths; I was called up by Jegger into the room where she and Bright live together; I bought of her three aprons, a table cloth, and a bed gown: Bright was in the room at the time: the prosecutrix desired I would find her out; which I did; and carried her to their room.


                  Hannah 
                  Godfrey 
               



            . I keep a brazier's shop in Ratcliff Highway; I bought six pewter plates and a dish of the woman at the bar. (Produced in court.)


                  William 
                  Ross 
               



            . The man at the bar pledged these things with me. (Producing a shirt, apron, and handkerchief.)
Job Jones. The man and woman at the bar came and pledged these things with me. (Producing a shirt, a shift, and a handkerchief)


                  Sarah 
                  Sermon 
               



            . These are all our property.
Bright's Defence.
There is no key to my door; and there are a great many comers and goers besides myself: I know no more than the child unborn how the things came there.
Jegger's Defence.
I did not bring them into the house.
Bright, 

               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
Jegger, 

               Acquitted
            .
