





96. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Murphy 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a metal watch, value 40 s. and two pair of shoes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Carnes 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said John
            . *


                  John 
                  Carnes 
               



            . The prisoner was at my house on Christmas-eve; I being ill, desired him to go away; he did not seem inclined to go. I went to bed about 11 o'clock; I hung my watch behind the head of the bed; the next morning I missed my watch and two pair of shoes.


                  Robert 
                  Commey 
               



            . I took the prisoner up last Saturday; I searched him, but found nothing upon him; he owned he took the prosecutor's watch, and offered me 2 s. to let him go; and said, he had 3 s. due to him at another place, which he would give me also: I would not let him go; he offered to make his escape from me, but I kept him secure.
Job Biffen. I am an officer, and live five or six doors from the prosecutor. I had the prisoner in charge; he would not confess to me till the prosecutor came in; then he said to him, I have fed you and served you, how could you go and serve me so? you could not do it for want, as you have 10 s. a week; then the prisoner owned he took the watch, to us; the prosecutor asked him, where the watch was, and said, if he would tell him, he would go and take it out, and he should go about his business; the prisoner said it was somewhere in St. Giles's. We took him before Justice Berry; there he would not speak; the Justice said, you rascal, why don't you speak? then he said, I took the watch. What have you done with it? I have pledged it. Where? I don't know, it is somewhere by St. Giles's Pound. Go and shew the man where it is. The Justice wrote his mittimus to Newgate: we took him first to St. Giles's, then he said it was not there: we went farther; he wanted to make his escape, when we were going back again, down Tyburn-road; he said, this is the house, I believe, but cannot tell. We could not find it, then we took him to Newgate.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going cross Tower hill; Commey was tossing up; he said, he had lost a shilling; so I offered to give it him, when we were going to Newgate: I said, it does not signify to look for it; I know nothing where it is; he said, come, go along to please the old man, whether you get it or not.




               Guilty. 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


