







585, 586, 587. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Magee 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Powell 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 146 pounds weight of shot copper, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Pengree 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Ward 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , September 27

. ++


                  William 
                  Bell 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pengree; we had some copper came out of the country; it was in a vessel at Brooks's Wharf



: I had word brought some was taken away, on Thursday was a fortnight; and on the Saturday, the wharfinger came and told me the thieves were taken, and were to be re-examined on the Tuesday: on the Tuesday we went to Mr. Gruggen's, who had stopp'd the copper: we went then to Justice Berry's; there were Ward and Powell; Powell owned he broke open the vessel with a hatchet, and put the copper into an apron or bag, and took it away; and the next Day they went to Mr. Gruggen's to sell it.


                  William 
                  White 
               



            . I have the care of the wharf. I remember Mr. Pengree's copper coming up; we frequently have copper of his lying there, to go by the first vessel. One day, I found a hole, about as big as the palm of my hand, broke into one of the casks: I thought it had been some trifling accident, and ordered the man to mend it. After that, I saw the head broke, and a large quantity of the copper gone. I had information from Mr. Gruggen, that there was some such sort of stuff stopped by him: I was ordered to attend the reexamination of the persons; the copper was produced, and it resembled the same sort of stuff as was in the casks. Powell and Ward were examined before Justice Berry: Powell owned it was he, and another person, that had made his escape, that took it: that he himself was going to break the cask, but not doing it so quick as the other thought necessary, the other took a hatchet, and broke it; and, upon hearing a watchman coming by, they went into the necessary-house: after he was gone by, they went and fetched some more, and Ward carried it to sell.


                  James 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . Two men came to my shop, on Little Tower-hill, at the corner of Queen-street: they had got a parcel of metal; and said, a cask of metal broke in shipping, and some of it fell out, and they took it up, and washed it; that it was what they called shot copper: after that, they said, they could not tell what it was. I gave them 4 s. for twelve pounds: this was last Thursday fortnight.
Q. What two men were these?
Shepherd. Those were Powell and Ward; there is not one person in forty that knows what it is. I never saw any before.
Q. What are you?
Shepherd. I am a whitesmith.
Q. How came you to buy a thing that you did not know what it was?
Shepherd. They told me it fell into the water, and they went in and picked it up; and that it was on purpose for making of brass.


                  William 
                  Gruggen 
               



            . On Saturday was a week, Ward came to my shop, with a quantity of this copper, and asked me, if I would buy it?
Q. What are you?
Gruggen. I am a founder, and live in East-Smithfield. I said, friend, what is it? he said, really, I do not know. I said, I have been many years in the trade, and never saw any thing like it before. I asked him, how he came by it? he said, they were unloading of casks, the head of one burst, and a great deal of it roll'd into the kennel, and he afterwards picked it up, and the owner seemed not to think much at it. I told him, it did not seem dirty: I put it into the scale, and gave him half a crown for it: he said, he would see and find the other man that had picked up some more: I thought it was brass. Magee and he came again, with a larger quantity; there was thirteen pounds of it, within a quarter, for which I gave them 8 s. 8 d. he said, they washed and dried it. I would have stopped them then, but I had nobody with me. On the Thursday following, a woman came, and said, she had got a small quantity of that metal that I had bought of a man a few days before. I told her, it was not worth my while to buy such a quantity, I wanted it altogether. On the Friday, Ward came and acquainted me they had brought some: I said where are you? he said, over the way: I said, I am settling a little account with a couple of gentlemen, and I'll be with you soon. I sent one of my servants to fetch a constable, but not getting one, I went over myself, and stopped them; there were all the three prisoners, Ward, Powell, and Magee; they had then near an hundred weight. I took them before Justice Berry, and they were committed. In taking them to gaol, Magee made his escape: Powell confess'd before the justice, how he took it, and that he was along with Magee, but not with Ward. He said, Magee told him he lay slugging in bed, when there was money to be got; and, after they had shewed him what money was to be got, he went with him. He said, only Magee and himself were concerned in taking it; Ward brought part of it to sell, though he was not in the robbery.


                  John 
                  Richardson 
               



            . I asked the prisoners what was become of the copper, that the woman carried to Mr. Gruggen's to sell? they told me, they went and sold it to Mr. Shepherd, for 4 s. the justice ordered a warrant, and I went to Mr. Shepherd: he came along with me, and brought the copper.
Magee's Defence.
I never carried any of the stuff to sell in my life, neither did I take any of the money.
Powell's Defence.
I never was guilty of any such thing before Magee told me I lay slugging in bed, and did not like to get money.
Ward's Defence.
I was not at the taking of it. I went with them to sell it.
Magee and Powell, 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
Ward, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
