






527, 528. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hatton 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Joshua 
                     Whitfield 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a gold ring, with a Mocho stone set round with diamonds, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wood 
                  




                
            , September 3
. ++


                  John 
                  Wood 
               



            . I live in the Minories


, and keep a haberdasher
 and silversmith
's shop, one on one side, and the other on the other. I lost a gold ring, with a Mocho stone set round with diamonds: I missed it one the 30th of Sept. about six in the evening; the glass was cut with a diamond, and shov'd in; it was taken out of a case that stood just by the window. I advertised it the next day, and then there was an advertisement in with mine, giving an account that it was stopt: the gentleman came to me, his name is Wallis. and said he believed he had got my ring, which he had seen advertised; he had delivered it to the gentlemen at Hicks's-hall. (Produced and deposed to) I saw the prisoners the same day; I saw the ring again at Hicks's-hall; they said, they bought it of two chimney-sweeper-boys in Moorfields, for three pence, and that the boys told them they cut my glass with a diamond, and then they could not get the ring out, till they went to a butcher's shop, and got a skewer and took it out with that: I asked them if they knew the two chimney-sweepers? they said one was named Joss, but did not know the other's name.


                  Hugh 
                  Wallis 
               



            . I live in Cow-cross, and am a pawnbroker. A girl came to my shop to pawn or sell this ring the same night it was lost, between 8 and 9 in the evening. I asked her which way she came by it? at first she said she had bought it; I threatned her; then she said that she had it of two boys, and that they were in the street, opposite my door. In order to secure them, I desired her to go and tell them I would give seven shillings for it. I stept out along with her, and as soon as they saw me, they set off; she and I went after them; at last I took both of them, Hatton got from me, and got away; Whitfield told me he found it in the middle of Smithfield: I secured him and the girl, and went the next morning and delivered the ring to the justice at Hicks-hall; Hatton was taken the next day. I asked him how he came by the ring? Then they both insisted on it for some time that they found it in Smithfield: at last they said they bought it in Moorfields, of two chimney-sweeps.
Q. Were they searched?
Wallis. No, they were not.
Q. Do you know any thing of a diamond to cut glass being found?
Wallis. No, I do not.
Q. to Wood. Do you know any thing of a diamond?
Wood. No, I do not.
Hatton's Defence.
The chimney-sweeps that found it, asked us if we would buy it? they said they would sell it for a groat; we gave them three pence for it. After that, they said they stole it, and went and shewed us where : then Whitfield laid hold of one, and I the other, in order to take them, but they knocked their caps in our faces, and almost blinded us with soot, and so got away. We went home, and told the people we thought it was stolen. My mother is a washer-woman, and I have lived in two or three public-houses.
Whitfield's Defence.
Coming through Moorfields, I met this boy, (meaning Hatton) he had a top in his pocket, and we played with it; there were two chimney sweeps that asked us if we would buy a ring? they said, they believed it was gold, and asked a groat for it, we bought it for 3 d. after we had bought it, they shewed us the place where they said they stole it: when we were going to take them, they flung their caps in our faces, and ran away. We shewed it to a girl, and asked her if it was gold? she said she would give us some apples for it: and said she believed a gentleman in Cow cross would buy it of us; the man came out, and took me, and the other ran away.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
