





185. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Spicer 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four guineas and a four-shillings-and-sixpenny piece
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lane 
                  




                
            , January, 19
. ++


                  John 
                  Lane 
               



            . I keep a pawnbroker's shop
 in Holborn


. The prisoner came to my house and asked for a gown that lay for 30 s. but we could not find it. I begged of her to let it alone, and I would make a search for it. I left her alone in the shop, and went to my back room, and came back in about ten minutes; then the Prisoner was gone. I missed a box with four guineas and a four-and-sixpenny-piece in it; I sent my man to some pawnbrokers, desiring, if she came to fetch any thing out, to stop her. He brought me word, that one in Diet-street knew her well, and, if she came there, he would stop her: after that he sent me word she was there. I went and found her there, and charged her with taking the money; she said, she had none of my money: she was searched, and had four guineas found upon her. I and he asked her how she came by it: after some time she owned it was part of my money, and that she took it from my desk. I went to her lodgings to inquire if I could find my box, and I was told she had sent a bit of bad money out to get it changed and it was returned. I found it in the hands of her landlady; I know it to be mine; it is not a good one.


                  Jos 
                  Penbrook 
               



            . I saw the four guineas taken out of the prisoner's pocket. She gave an account that her lodging was in Diet-street: we went and searched her lodging, but could not find the box. We were informed one 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Hewit 
               



             had been about to change the four-and-sixpenny-piece, and could not: then we were informed she had left it in the hands of her landlady for a shilling; there we found it.


                  Bridget 
                  Hewit 
               



            . The prisoner desired me to go with a four-and-sixpenny-piece, and borrow a shilling of her landlady upon it; which I did. I should know it again, because one side is worse a good deal than the other. (She takes the piece in her hand.) This is it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was in company with a gentleman on the 10th of January last, that made me a present of five guineas; four guineas of which Mr. Lane found in my pocket, and that four-and-sixpence I had in change, with other money, for the other guinea, which I had when I went to get out a pair of shoes at Mr. Lawrence's, at the corner of Hanover-yard.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
