






70, 71. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Boswell 
                  , otherwise 
Bosell




            , and 
               
                  
                     Isaiah 
                     Hains 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 200 lb. weight of lead, value 10 s. by ripping it from his majesty's palace, called Somerset House
            , the property of our Lord 
               
                  the 
                  King 
               



             . It was also said to be the property of 
               
Lady
 Beauclerc

            , Oct 11
. *


                  William 
                  Latimore 
               



            . I am an officer belonging to the board of works, and reside at Somerset-house


. On the 11th of October, there was about an hundred weight of lead taken away from Lady Beauclerc's apartment there: it was repaired by the board of works the next day. There was an attempt made at it on the 27th, but it was too fast for them to get it away; but on the 3d of Dec. there was about three quarters of a hundred more taken; and upon the 4th, there was some taken from a building belonging to the palace. There was more taken on the 7th, and another attempt on the 19th, but that did not succeed.
Mr. Couse. I have the care of Somerset-house, under the board of works. On the 11th of Oct. Mr. Latimore informed me there was lead stolen from Lady Beauclerc's house: I ordered it to be replaced; there was an attempt again, on the 27th of Nov. then I ordered watchmen to be set, but there was a fire there, which alarmed the whole yard, so nothing was done. About the 3d or 4th of Dec. part of that lead was taken again, and on the 7th, there was more taken from a place belonging to his majesty there.


                  Matthew 
                  Lee 
               



            . The first time I was concerned in taking lead; was about ten weeks ago. Boswell and I were upon guard; we took some from over Lady Beauclerc's door, and carried it to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Powell 
               



            's house, and put it in his wash-house; and in the morning about 6 o'clock, we went both in a coach with it, to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hartwell 
               



            's, in Cold-bath fields, and sold it him for a penny a pound; it came to about 10 s. we shared the money amongst the two prisoners and myself. The next time, we took some from the barracks, at the Savoy. The third time was about a month ago; we took about 200 weight from the place where the watermen stand under, at Somerset-stairs, that belongs to Somerset-house; then Hains was concerned with Boswell and me; we took it between 12 and one in the night, and carried it away between four and five in the morning, each of us carried some in bags, to the house of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hartwell 
               



            , and sold that for a penny a pound; it came to about 12 or 14 s. that we divided amongst us three. There was a cloak stolen from Powell's house that morning that we carried the lead there.


                  Thomas 
                  Powell 
               



            . I keep a public house, in Fountain court, in the Strand. I remember the prisoner Boswell and Lee were at my house one morning, about 7 o'clock; it was about two months ago, I can't tell the exact time. I was told by one of my servants, that they had got some lead in a bag, in my wash-house: I went and pulled it from under the place it was put, and found there was sheet lead; while I was gone into the cellar, they and the lead were gone; I did intend to have stopped it. My wife lost her cardinal, either that morning, or the evening before.
Sarah Lane. I live with Mr. Powell. Lee and Boswell came and called for some beer, about 2 months ago; I saw some lead, it seemed to be sheet lead, in our wash-house when they were there. I do not know who brought it; it was in a dirty sack, and put into a place where I put my grease. Mistress lost her cloak much about that time, I believe it was that day.


                  John 
                  Maddox 
               



            . I did live with Mr. Powell at that time; I saw some sheet lead there in a sack, about 7 o'clock one morning, about two months ago; Boswell and Lee were in the house that morning.
The prisoners in their defence, said, they knew nothing of what they were changed with.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
