





319. (L.) 
               
                  Tousant Felix 
                  Urvoy 
               



            , was indicted, for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury
            , April 8
. ++
[He being a foreigner, was tried at his own request, by a jury of half foreigners, and an interpreter was sworn, as he spoke bad English.]


                  David 
                  Crawley 
               



            . [Produced an affidavit against 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Blanshard 
               



            .] This affidavit, the prisoner at the bar swore before before.
It is read to this purport.
Tousant 
               
                  Felix 
                  Urvoy 
               



            , of the Old Baily, maketh oath, that the defendant, 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Blanchard 
               



            , is indebted to him 15 l. 15 s. for medicines, and attendance, April 8, 1761.
Crawley. This was done in order to take out an action against Mr. Blanchard.
Q. What became of that action?

Crawley. The plaintiff did not appear, and there was a Non-pross.


                  Isaac 
                  Blanchard 
               



            . The prisoner has lodged a considerable time in my house; I put in bail to his action, and afterwards found the prisoner never appeared; then I was advised to Non-pross the action.
Q. What was the occasion of his coming to your house first of all?
Blanchard. I let the lodging to Mrs. Tubbs, she took them as a single woman, on her own account. She told my attorney, in my hearing, she was a single woman, and then the prisoner sent a letter to me, in which he mentioned, he would not take any thing of me, if I would let him do something for my lame son, and that if he cured him, it would do him a great deal of honour, and he should be very glad if I would let him try; his servant swore he brought the letter from him to me, before the Grand-jury, but he is since dead, he would be very glad to do it for nothing. Upon his importuning me, I let him try, though he is deemed incurable, but then was under a very noted gentleman's hands, who prescribed for him. Surgeon 
               
                  Groat
               


            , had put a poultice upon the child, and at the prisoner's request, I let him take it off; he brought some little thumb bottles, with some yellow grease. His servant said, It was only chickens grease, and some sage leaves boiled in it, to give it a smell. He gave the child no internal medicine at all, only this as an ointment to the part. I cannot charge my memory with how many bottles he brought, but I do not believe there were above three or four, they were small bottles, about as long as my finger.
Q. Had you, or any other of your family, any other medicines of the prisoner?
Blanchard. No, never; and upon my oath, cured, or not cured, there never was any consideration mentioned, for what he was to do for the child. He was got into my house before he undertook it: I had told him the child was look'd upon as incurable.
Q. Do you know the prisoner's hand-writing?
Blanchard. I do, I have seen him write, this letter is his hand-writing. [Producing one.] He sent me several letters, of the same hand-writing.
Mr. Sechard. (He takes the letter in his hand,) I am certain this letter is the prisoner's hand-writing, I have seen him write several times.
(It is read in French; the interpretation of a sentence in it was.)
"Sir, I will charge you nothing for the cure of,
"Sir, your son,
Sign'd Urvoy.
Prisoner. I beg to know if that is my handwriting.
Court. That is proved.


                  Ann 
                  Lewis 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar told me, he would cure Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Blanchard 
               



            , for nothing, and that it would be a great honour to his name to do it; it would be an honour to him for ever, if he cured him, and he would have nothing for it.
Cross Examination.
Q. How came he to tell you this?
A. Lewis. I lived with Mr. Blanchard, I am his wife's sister, he was daily and hourly asking me to ask for him to have the curing of the child; and after all, the child was worse than before, the child had nothing given him by the prisoner inwardly.
Q. Do you know whether the prisoner ever left, or administered any medicines to Mr. Blanchard, or any of his family.
A. Lewis. He never did, only that child; if he had, I must have received them, and seen them, but I never saw any such thing; the child had but two or three phials, not above, to anoint the part.
Mrs. Blanchard. We never had above two or three small bottles of the prisoner for the child, and we never had any other medicine of him, for either my husband, self, or family.
Prisoner's Defence.
In the first place, the prosecution is carried on maliciously against me; for in the month of May last, Mr. Blanchard was indicted at Hick's-Hall, for perjury, for swearing he was a house-keeper, when upon the parish books he was none. After that, he entered my dwelling-house, took possession of my goods, and turned me out, and took a watch, which cost me 120 guineas. I de-desire the court will ask Mr. Blanchard, if I never did arrest him, and if this note is not against him. I had two letters from Mr. Blanchard, signed with his own hand, where he said, if I would undertake to cure his son, upon his honour, he would pay me with honour; but they have broke the house open, and those letters are taken away.
Q. to Blanchard. Did you ever write any letters to the prisoner, to the purport he has mentioned?

Blanchard. No, never; never; if ever I wrote him a letter, it was to tell him he should not come into my lodgings, but Mr. Tubbs prosecuted me, till at last he did come in; though I soon found after she was in, that she was a married woman.
Q. from Prisoner. Whether when Mr. Blanchard, and eight more, took possession of my goods, they did not also of my writings?
Blanchard. The prisoner was turned out of my house, at two different times, by Mr. Tubbs's husband; he came and claimed her as his wife. At first, she denied her husband, and afterwards, she owned him. The prisoner has prosecuted me and my family, almost to death.
For the Prisoner.
Fraces Barkham. I have a note given by Mr. Blanchard, to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lee 
               



            , who has been dead three weeks. [The note produced.]
Q. Did you see it wrote?
F. Barkham. No, I did not.
Blanchard. I signed this note.
It is read to this purport.
Mr. Blanchard doth consent, and agree to pay 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lee 
               



            , 1 l. 15 s. after the rate of 2 s. 6 d. per week, to be paid weekly, from the date hereof, on condition of the said 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lee 
               



             appearing as a witness against Urvoy, at the Sessions-house, in the Old-Bailey.


                  Isaac 
                  Blanchard 
               




Sept. 7, 1761.
Blanchard. This 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lee 
               



             said he would take Urvoy, and spend money and time after him. I was told, and I thought in myself, I ought to give him something. I went to him, and said, Thomas, what is your demand? He said, 35 s. said my friend, how do you desire to be paid, he said, At half a crown a week? I agreed to it, and gave him this note, and at the same time, I said to him, Thomas, I do not give you this by way of bribe, but for what you have laid out, and done for me.
Counsel. The prisoner was at last taken at Greenwich, after two months search after him.
Blanchard. There was an Habeas-corpus brought to remove him from the Fleet-prison, and he got away; and there was a great difficulty in taking him again.
Q. to F. Barkham. Had you any conversation with Lee, and Mr. Blanchard, about this note?
F. Barkham. I had.
Q. From that conversation, and your own understanding of the matter, do you believe this note was given to Lee, in order that he should swear falsely?
F. Barkham. No, I do not believe it was given him with any such intent.


                  Maria 
                  Tubbs 
               



            . I have given out medicines from Dr. Urvoy, to Mrs. Blanchard, and to the both of them several times, drops to take in wardly, and stuff, to take outwardly, gallipots of ointment.
Q. To whom?
M. Tubbs. To Mr. Blanchard, to Mrs. Blanchard, and to both the sons, the lame one, and the other.
Q. For what length of time?
M. Tubbs. For near four months, the first four months I was in the house.
Q. What every day?
M. Tubbs. Not every day; but as soon as one bottle was out, they would come for another. I have given a great deal out of my own hands; sometimes to Mr. Blanchard, sometimes to Mrs. Blanchard, and sometimes to the two sons, for the first four months we were in the house.
Q. When did you first come into the house?
M. Tubbs. I think we first came into the house about the 10th, 12th, or 13th of June, not last June, but the June before; it was pretty near, or I believe, full four months together.
Q. How came you to deliver out the medicines?
M. Tubbs. Because I had the keys, and when the doctor was out, I used to deliver them out; I lived in the house with him.
Q. Did he attend them as a physician?
M. Tubbs. He used to go down stairs, and order Mrs. Blanchard to have a bath for the son, the doctor lived in the house at the same time. I remember him attending the son, night and day, every day. I heard a good deal of this lame young man, it was in his hip.
Q. Have not you heard Mr. Blanchard, or any of the family say, that Urvoy would attend him for nothing, only for the honour of curing.
M. Tubbs. No, I never did; Mr. Urvoy used to complain to Mr. Blanchard, that Mrs. Blanchard did not do as he had ordered; he used to say, you know Mrs. Blanchard drinks; Mr. Blanchard would say, never mind it, I shall pay you; - I have heard Mr. Blanchard say that often.
Q. Was you to give medicines to the lame boy, or to the family?

M. Tubbs. I do not know what they did with them, but I know Mrs. Blanchard used to sell them, and I told Mr. Urvoy so; for Mr. Blanchard used to cure the King's Evil, and I have seen her give them out; and when I told Mr. Urvoy, he stopped his hand, and would not give them any more. She sold them, and used to get drunk with the money.
Cross Examination.
Q. Who was in that house first, Urvoy, or you?
M. Tubbs. I was in the house just the same time he was.
Q. Did you live with him any where else?
M. Tubbs. I lived with him in Bream's-buildings, before we came there.
Q. How long did you live with him there?
M. Tubbs. I believe a year, or a year and a quarter; or a year and a half.
Q. When you took this house of Mr. Blanchard's, did you take it as a single woman?
M. Tubbs. I took it as a widow.
Q. Are you a widow?
M. Tubbs. I find I am not now; I had not heard from my husband for 10 years. Mr. Blanchard knew the lodgings were for Mr. Urvoy, and not for me; the agreement was made in my name.
Q. Did you not live there as Urvoy's wife?
M. Tubbs. No, I did not.
Q. Did not you go by his name?
M. Tubbs. No.
Q. Did not you pass for his wife in Bream's-buildings?
M. Tubbs. If people were pleased to call me so, I was not oblig'd to contradict them.
Q. How long did Mr. Urvoy attend the child?
M. Tubbs. For the first four months, he attended him night and morning. Mrs. Blanchard was to get fresh herbs; but she used to put the money in her pocket, and made use of stale herbs. I have seen people come down stairs with Mr. Urvoy's medicines in their hands; I used to see them in the bottles.
Q. Did you ever mention that to Mr. Blanchard?
M. Tubbs. No.
Q. Nor to his wife?
M. Tubbs. No.
Q. Did you ever tell it to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lewis 
               



            ?
M. Tubbs. No, I was not company for her.
Q. Who did you deliver them to?
M. Tubbs. To Mr. and Mrs. Blanchard, and the two sons.
Q. Did you ever deliver any to 
               
                  Anne 
                  Lewis 
               



            ?
M. Tubbs. No, she was in the Kitchen, and they were given out of a closet in the hall; they were given out forty times; she had no business in the hall, that belongs to Mr. Urvoy's apartment; she had enough to do to drink with her sister, without being up in the hall; I have often seen them bottles carried out, in order to purchase liquor.
Q. How came you not to tell this to Mr. Blanchard, when they came for more?
M. Tubbs. That was Mr. Urvoy's business to do as he pleased; he did stop his hand.
Q. to Mr. Blanchard. Is this true this evidence has mentioned?
Mr. Blanchard. It is false my upon oath, as God is my judge, as far as I know.
Q. Did Mr. Urvoy attend night and morning to see your child dipped four months together.
Blanchard. He did not, I believe, for a week, we did it ourselves; he would come in, and say, Have you got the tub and things ready?
Q. Did you take any thing of him for any of your family besides this child?
Blanchard. No, we did not; we had nothing of him but the bottles of grease; I believe one of them was delivered into my hand.
Q. Did you desire him to deliver the bottles, and you would pay him?
Blanchard. I know nothing of that.
Q. Did you have any thing of the prisoner for your other son?
Blanchard. He was not ill, so as to take any medicines; and if he had, I knew better than to take any thing of the prisoner's preparing; I believe I know better what to do in such cases, than he does; I never asked him for any thing.
Q. to 
               
                  Anne 
                  Lewis 
               



            . How long did you live in the house of Mr. Blanchard?
A. Lewis. I lived in the house four months; during the time I was there, I never knew Mr. or Mrs. Blanchard, or the two children, apply to Urvoy, for any physick to take, or ever heard of their taking any of his medicines, only them bottles before mentioned.
Q. Did you ever know of Mrs. Blanchard's having any bottles of physick of Mrs. Tubbs, which she sold again for spirituous liquors.
A. Lewis. No, never, she never sold none; there was never none to sell.
Q. If these medicines had been delivered forty times, should you have seen them?
A. Lewis. Certainly I should have known of the delivery of them.
Q. Did Urvoy attend night and morning for the first four months?

A. Lewis. No, he did not; he would come and peep in the kitchen, and ask if the things were ready, and that for about a week or a fortnight at most; I bathed the child myself, and took him out. ||



               Guilty
            .
|| See him tried twice before, Numb. 115, in Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chitty 
               



            's mayoralty.
The jury gave no credit to Tubbs's evidence, and she was committed to Newgate for perjury.





[Pillory. See summary.]






[Transportation. See summary.]


