





101. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Boland 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth great coat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Barrett 
                  




                
            , December 19
. ||


                  William 
                  Barrett 
               



            . I am a coachman
, servant to Mr. Bedle, and live in Bishopsgate street


. I pulled my coach out into the street, before 10 o'clock in the morning. I went into the house, to get a pint of beer, and when I came out again, my coat was gone from off the box, where I had laid it; I saw the prisoner going cross the way with it on his shoulder: I call'd stop thief; he looked back, and saw me, and threw the coat down, and ran away; I pursued, and took him: he said, another man took it from off the box, and gave it him to carry cross the way, and he was to have a pot of beer for his trouble. I got a constable, and took him before my Lord Mayor, and he was committed.
Q. Did you see any body with him?
Barrett. No, I did not.
Q. How long had you been gone from the coach?
Barrett. Not above three minutes. This is the coat I have now on.


                  Joshua 
                  Tinsdale 
               



            . On the 19th of December, I was at my own door, in Bishopsgate-street; the prisoner was by the coach, opposite my house. I saw him get upon the fore wheel, and take hold of the coat, and pull it off; just as he had got it off, the prosecutor came out at the door: he ran directly round the coach; I heard him say to the man, where is my great coat? the prisoner was going back again, to put it on the coach; he seeing the prosecutor look at him, threw it down, and ran away. He was soon taken.
Q. Did you see any body with the prisoner when he took the coat?
Tinsdale. I did: there was a man standing about 8 or ten yards from the coach, seemingly to belong to the prisoner: he seemed to give motions to him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to look for work, and a young fellow was standing by the coach; he desired me to take the coat cross the way for him, and he would give me a pot of beer.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
