






391. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Smith 
                  , otherwise 
Dun




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 10 s. a linen apron, value 6 d. a laced handkerchief, value 1 s. two silk handkerchiefs value 1 s. a pair of ruffles, value 1 s. three lac'd caps, three pair of linen sleeves, and a yard of muslin
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Singleton 
                  




                
            . ++


                  Ann 
                  Singleton 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; we live at the Queen's Head in Tavistock-Row


, and keep a public house
: the prisoner was our servant
 for a week, and went away privately. I miss'd the things mentioned in the indictment, after she was gone: some were taken out of a little trunk in the club-room, and some out of our bed-chamber. I went to Justice Fielding, and he advised me to advertise them, which I did; the prisoner was taken and brought to us; I charged her with taking them; she owned to it, and said some of them were in her box, at her lodging in Wapping; and some she had pawned in Tooley-street; the constable went and examined her box; he brought me a pair of lac'd ruffles, a white apron, a gown, a lac'd handkerchief, three pair of sleeves, three white handkerchiefs, and a silk handkerchief. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  James 
                  Gattey 
               



            , I live with Mr. Spencer, a Pawnbroker, facing Barnaby-street, in the Borough: (be produced an apron, a handkerchief, a cap, a pair of ruffles, and a piece of muslin;) these I took in of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. When did you take them in?
Gattey. I can't tell rightly.
Q. Have you not entered them in your book?
Gattey. Yes, but I have not the book here.
Q. In what name were they pawned?
Gattey. They were pawned in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            .
Q. What did you lend her upon them?
Gattey. I lent her 16 s. upon them. (Produced and deposed to)


                  Joseph 
                  Stevenson 
               



             deposed to finding the things in the prisoner's box.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the things roll'd up in a parcel.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
