





57. (M.) 
               
                  George 
                  Hill 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a shagreen case, value 1 s. 1 silver cup, value 4 s. 1 silver table spoon, value 4 s. 1 knife with a silver handle, value 10 s. 1 fork with a silver handle, value 10 s. 1 silver tea-spoon, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Lewis 
                     Gilbert 
                  




               
            , Clerk
, October 26
. ++


                  John Lewis 
                  Gilbert 
               



             being a Frenchman, and not speaking English, an interpreter was sworn.


                  John Lewis 
                  Gilbert 
               



            . I came in the Fox brig


 from America, and quitted her at Dover. I left my box on board: having lost the key, I was under some difficulty, fearing some of my things should be lost, I left it tied with a cord: I came to London by land. When the ship came into the river Thames I went on board her, but cannot tell the day. The mate asked me whether I found every thing safe in my box, as I left them at Dover: I examined it, and missed my shagreen case, and the things mentioned in the indictment, (mentioning them); and when I settled with the captain, he told me it was stolen.
Q. Have you ever seen the things since?
Gilbert. I saw them since at justice Fielding's but cannot tell the day: the prisoner was there also. I knew the things, when I saw them to be my property.


                  George 
                  Brown 
               



            . I was commander of the ship that Mr. Gilbert came in. I arrived off Dover the 13th of October: I brought him from Carolina; he had unfortunately lost his key. The prisoner was my servant
, he waited in the cabin: we had missed some trifling things in our passage; he had been challenged with taking them, but denied it. When I came to my moorings in the river, and brought her to an anchor, I desired every thing in the cabin might be taken care of, and went on shore, and returned the next day on board; then the mate told me the prisoner was gone. I asked him if he missed any thing; he said, nothing in particular. The next day the mate told me this gentleman had been on board, and found such and such things gone. In the interim came a man from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             for me; I went directly: there I found the things mentioned in the indictment, and the prisoner along with them. I asked him how he could behave in that manner to me, who had been the best friend he had in the world: he told me he had done it.
Q. What did he say he had done?
Brown. He said he had cut the trunk open and took the things out, and there they were.
Q. When did he say he did it?
Brown. He said he did it the same night we came to our moorings at the Hermitage.
Q. Was you before Sir John when the prosecutor was?
Brown. I was. He saw the things and owned them, and swore to the whole of them: the constable has them to produce here, and he is not come.
Prisoner's defence.
A man gave them to me on board to carry on shore.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
