





89. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Henning 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one Holland shirt, one crape and two cotton gowns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Best 
                  




                
            . ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Best 
               



            . I have a lodging at Mrs. Calley's in Catherine-street


, and I take in plain work
; on the 28th of January last I had two shirts to ruffle, and I went out that day leaving one of them upon the dresser. I returned again in the evening; but I did not miss the shirt till the next morning, and then I looked for it, but could not find it. I suspected the prisoner at the bar of taking it, as she came often to the house, and I had no reason to suspect any body else. I got a warrant to search, and, upon inquiry, finding the prisoner, I charged her with having taken the shirt. She at first denied it, afterwards she owned she had taken the shirt, and pawned it at Mr. Brooks's for 4 s. Where I found it. This is the shirt.
Q. What means did you use to induce her to confess it?
E. Best. I promised to be as favourable as I could.
Q. What do you know the shirt by particularly?
E. Best. By this lace at the bosom.


                  James 
                  Brooks 
               



            , Pawn-broker, examined.
Q. When had you that shirt?
Brooks. I had it from the prisoner at the bar the 30th of January, at my house, about 11 o'clock in the forenoon. She pledged it as her own property, in the name of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Henning 
               



            .


                  Ann 
                  Calley 
               



             sworn.
C. You are to given an Account of the crape gown with which the prisoner is charged.
A. Calley. I missed the gown the same day that the shirt was missed, and it was afterwards found at the prisoner's lodgings.
Q. Did you find it there?
A. Calley. No; but it was found there with the sleevestaken off by Mrs. Best, and it is the gown that I lost out of my lodging.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Best 
               



             called.
Q. Where did you find the gown?
E. Best. At the prisoner's lodgings at St. Giles's.
Q. How do you know it was her lodging?
E. Best. By the woman of the house.
Q. Did the prisoner ever say where her lodging was?
E. Best. Yes; she first directed us where it was when before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and a constable went with me, and we found the gown with the sleeves off.


                  Dorothy 
                  Rogers 
               



             sworn.
Q. Did you lose any thing?
D. Rogers. I lost two cotton gowns; I lost them out of my room.
Q. When and where did you find them again?
D. Rogers. One of them on the prisoner's back, altered to sit her, and the other in her lodging at St. Giles's.
Q. How can you be positive? The pattern of one cotton gown may be the same as many others?
D. Rogers. I never saw one of this pattern. I have had it several years, and there are many marks that I know it by. [The gown opened, and the marks shown.]


                  Frances 
                  Willis 
               



             sworn.
Q. Do you know any thing of a silk handkerchief, with which the prisoner is charged, the property of 
               
                  William Charles 
                  Frederic 
               



             Willis?
Willis. I lost this handkerchief out of my lodgings, and upon inquiry I found it at the lodging of the prisoner, in her box not locked.
Q. How do you know that to be your handkerchief?
[
               
                  Frances 
                  Willis 
               



             opened the handkerchief, and showed a particular mark near the selvage by which she knew it to be hers].
Q. Are you a married woman?
F. Willis. Yes.
Q. What is your husband's name?
F. Willis. 
               
                  William Charles 
                  Frederic 
               



             Willis.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never wronged any body; I bought the gowns of an old cloaths woman, and altered one to fit me. I bought the handkerchief before I left my last place, and kept it in my box till I could find time to mend it.
Q. Have you any witnesses to call as to the fact you are charged with, or to your character?
Prisoner. No.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


