





111. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     True 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, with a certain offensive weapon called a pistol; did make an assault on 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Tytler 
                        




                      
                  , with intent the money of the said William to steal, &c
            . Dec. 19
. ++


                  Wm 
                  Tytler 
               



            . On Monday the 19th of Dec. I was coming from Hampstead to go to Islington, between five and six in the evening. I was stopped in the corner of a field, joining Pancras-Wash


, by the prisoner; he pulled out a pistol from under his coat, and put it to my breast and said, Your money, Sir! I told him I had but little; I had but one shilling in my pocket. He said, Then give it me. I put my hand in my pocket, and could not find it, being a little flurried; he said, I must not tell him lies; I told him, if he would not believe me, he might search. He said, No, I knew best myself what I had done with it. I felt again, but could not find it. In the mean tine, there was a coach coming up Pancras-Wash; I knew it must come very near us. As it came past us, he held the pistol down by his coat; I then bid him a good night, and better luck than he had with me, and left him. He said he should have better luck, or he would meet with me again. I imagined he went after the coach. It was quite a moon-shiny night. I had about five minutes conversation with him. I am certain the prisoner is the man. I went away to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and gave him information of him, and he was taken about half an hour after in Southampton-Row. Sir John sent three men with me; 
               
                  William 
                  Haliburton 
               



             was one of them, and he took him.


                  William 
                  Haliburton 
               



            . When we came to the end of King-Street, I said to the prosecutor, Let you and I go together, and the other two to come behind at about twenty yards distance. When the prisoner appeared, the prosecutor said, I believe that is the man. I said, Do not charge any man wrongfully, let him come up to us; the prisoner came past us on the left-hand, the prosecutor whispered to me, and said, That is the man: then the prisoner was between us and the other two men that came behind us. I turned and laid hold of him, and took this pistol from out of the lining of his coat: it was loaded with a large ball.
(Producing a horse pistol.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            . 
