





294. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Collins 
                  , otherwise 
Clark




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one gold ring, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Parker 
                  




                
            , October 12
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Parker 
               



            . 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Parker 
               



             is my husband. I live in Water-street, in the Strand, it goes down out of Arundel-street


, the prisoner is a stranger to me; she came between 12 and one o'clock on the 12th of this instant, she said, she wanted turnips. When she got in, she said, she did not want turnips, she wanted to make water.
Q. What is your business?
E. Parker. I sell greens; then she said, if we had any nice Savoy, or things, she should want some. The next morning, she stay'd in the house, and pretended to know me, and asked me how I did, and said, she had been a customer to me last winter. I said, I did not then sell greens, but I sold wood. Then she said, it was wood that I served her with. She said, I had forgot her since she had been at Tunbridge. I said, if I had known her, I had forgot her; we were going to dinner, she dined with me. Then she said, she was going to a play, and said, she should want something to-morrow morning, and that she had got something that she would give me. She said, she would treat me with a play one night or another. My husband came in, she asked him how he did, and said, God bless me, have you forgot me too. She said, I might as well go with her that night to the play. She pulled out half a crown, then she wanted to change a guinea, and pulled out some guineas (as I thought.) As I could not change her guinea, she asked me if I could lend her some silver.
Q. How long did she stay?
E. Parker. She stayed three or four hours; she borrowed two shillings of me. She said, I had better leave my ring at home; saying, there were bad folks might take it from me. I pulled it off, and laid it in the corner of my drawer. Then she put her hand over my shoulder, and desired to leave her gold in the drawer, and she put in a green purse tied up. I went with her to the play. When I came home, I missed my ring, it was my wedding-ring; and in the purse were two counters; but going to Hicks's-Hall, I lost one of them. [Here is the other, producing it.] We took her up last Saturday night, at the Lion-alehouse, in Russel-street. She down'd on her knees directly, and wanted to send for the ring, if we would clear her; and said, it was at the back of St. George's church, in the Borough. Justice Welch sent for it. [It was produced.] At the play-house, she gave me the slip, and left me in the care of a young man, that she said was more used to go thro' crouds than I was.


                  David 
                  Davis 
               



            . I live in the Borough, by St. George's church. I took the ring of the prisoner at the bar in pledge, (Producing one, deposed to by prosecutrix.] I was before the justice, and heard the prisoner, own to the taking the ring. She would have paid me for it, but the justice thought she was too well versed in the business.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never was guilty of such a fault before.
For the Prisoner.


                  Richard 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known her about two years and a half, she lived with me in York-Buildings, till she could get a place.
Q. What is her general character?
Smith. To the best of my knowledge, it is very good and honest. I married her sister.
Q. What are you?
Smith. I am a waiter at the George in George-alley, York-buildings, she once lived at the Spotted-dog, by St. Clement's church.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Is this the man the prisoner left you in the care of at the play-house door.
Prosecutrix. No, it is not.
Q. What does she do for her livelihood?
Smith. I have not seen her for six months.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


