





464. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Bailey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Slater 
                     



                  , on the 27th of June, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing a gold watch, value 5 l. a metal watch, with the outside case covered with fish-skin, with a cornelian seal set in gold, value 10 s. a pair of paste sleeve-buttons set in silver, value 5 s. the property of the said Samuel, in his dwelling house
            , June 27
. *


                     Samuel 
                     Slater 
                  




                
            . I am a pawnbroker
, and live in Shoe-lane


. On the 27th of June, in the night, my window shutter was cut, a pane of glass broke, and the goods laid in the indictment taken out of the window. I was called up about two, or half an hour after. I missed divers other things that are not put in the indictment. I found the things in the indictment at Mr. Curtois's.
Mr. Curtois. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Houndsditch. On the 17th of July the accomplice, 
               
                  Philip 
                  Backwell 
               



            , brought this metal watch, and wanted some money upon it; from his appearance I was scrupulous about lending him any thing upon it. He said it was left him by an aunt with many other things, besides 30 l. a year. I looked in a book, in which we enter every watch that is advertised, with name and number, and not finding such advertised, I lent him 27 s. upon it.
Q. Did you know him before?
Curtois. I had seen him once before about twelve months ago. On the Friday following he brought me a gold watch; then I thought it looked very suspicious. He told me that was left him by the same person. I looked in my book, and found such a one advertised as stolen from Mr. Slater. The seal was likewise described. I went round the counter and seized him. He looked very much confused. Then he declared he had it of a man that was waiting just by for the money. I said he must find that man, or I should have him before a magistrate. I got a constable. Then the prisoner went with us to a public-house, where he said the man was drinking, in Bishopsgate church yard. I bid him go up to the man, when we got near the house; he accordingly went up to the prisoner, who was sitting drinking at the door. I asked Backwell if that was the man; he said it was. We took them both into a little room in the house, where the constable searched them. Upon Backwell was found a pair of paste sleeve-buttons, as mentioned in the indictment, and some other trifling things, and we found a few odd trifles on the prisoner; but the prosecutor did not own any of the things found upon the prisoner. I got them into the coach, and sent them to the Compter, and the next morning to the Mansion-house before my Lord mayor. There the prisoner acknowledged giving the watches to Backwell to make money of: he likewise told my Lord-mayor the same story that Backwell had told me, that they were left him (the prisoner) by an aunt, in the same manner. My Lord committed the prisoner to Newgate, and took bail for Backwell, in order to give evidence against the prisoner here. (The watch produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Backwell was not examined.
Prisoner's Defence.
Backwell had the watches of me to pawn, I being out of money I had the watches of a captain near the Tower, who said he was going over to Germany, to his family, and he would sell them to me cheap: this was about the middle of July. I looked at them. I had an old silver watch of my own, that was my father's; he said he would take that in exchange, which he did, and I gave him three guineas and a half; he gave me in two or three trifling things, as a pair of sleeve buttons, and a ring. I never saw him in my life before.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
