





171. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joshua 
                     Wells 
                  



               
             was indicted, together with 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Ross 
               



            , not yet taken, for 


               stealing a silver cream pot, value 10 s. 4 silver table-spoons, 2 silver salt-shovels, 3 silver tea-spoons, one silver waiter, one silver soup-spoon, 2 silver cups, and a cloth great coat
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Towrey 
                  




                
            , widow
, January 29
. ||


                  Elizabeth 
                  Towrey 
               



            . The prisoner was my footman
 last year; I live in May-Fair; he has left me four or five months; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, between the 28th and 29th of January (mentioning them), there is a crest and cypher on some of them, I got intelligence of them the day after I lost them, by delivering out some of Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's bills; some were at Mr. Horn's, a pawnbroker in St. Martin's-lane, some at Mrs. Blaney's at Lambeth, and the great coat at an old cloaths shop.


                  Charity 
                  Blaney 
               



            . I live at Lambeth, my husband is a pawnbroker; one 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Ross 
               



             brought 3 silver table-spoons to my house; my husband lent him 18 s. upon them; after the prisoner was taken, he owned he was along with Ross when he brought them, but he did not come in; I never saw the prisoner till Justice Fielding's man brought him to my house (produced and deposed to.)
Q. Is it usual to receive things with arms on them?
Blancy. Ross told us they were his mother's; she did live in Lambeth, but is removed to a gentlewoman's in Berry-street. I went there on the next day, and found she had not sent him, then I advertised them.


                  Thomas 
                  Hall 
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-lane, (he produced a soup spoon, a milk pot, and two salt-shovels) these I took in of 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Ross 
               



            , on the 29th of Jan. he brought them in the name of Mrs. Talbot, a customer of mine. I lent him two guineas and a half upon them; the next day I received one of Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's bills, then went to Mrs. Talbot to know if she had sent any of these things; she informed me she had not (I know the prisoner's mother lives with Mrs. Talbot) then I went to Sir John, and informed him I had some of the things. (Deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  Robert 
                  Matthews 
               



            . I keep a cloaths-shop at Lambeth; the prisoner sold me this coat the 29th of Jan. (Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Noaks 
               



            . I am a constable; the prisoner was taken up yesterday was a week; I went with him the next day to Lambeth, he shewed me the pawnbroker's house and cloaths-shop; he said Ross went in and pawned the plate, and he staid in the street; and that he himself went into the old cloaths-shop and sold the coat.
Prisoner's defence.
I had a good character when I came from a nobleman's to Mrs. Towrey, and she gave me a good one when I went away.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
