





368. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Stanley 
                  , otherwise 
Alder




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a stone buckle set in silver, value 10 s. a gold ring, value 10 s. two silver spoons, value 20 s. one large silver plated spoon, value 1 s. one copper pan, one brass candlestick, two pair of cambrick ruffles, three muslin neck-cloths, two shirts, a silk handkerchief, three cambrick bosoms for shirts, four linen sheets, two pair of long lawn shirt-sleeves, a cambrick handkerchief, three quarters of a yard of flowered lawn, a nankeen waistcoat, two flowered cotton window-curtains, and other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Nortzell 
                  




                
            , Jan. 12
. +


                  Jacob 
                  Nortzell 
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live at Mile-End


: the prisoner's mother nursed my wife in her lying-in, and she used to be backwards and forwards; sometimes she has cleaned the house, and assisted her mother. She staid five or six weeks after my wife died, which was on the 20th of December, at which time my sister came to keep my house; the mother staid in the house till April following. The prisoner went away the 12th of January, and I desired her mother that she never might enter my door again. She went from my house to a person that keeps the Weavers Arms, an alehouse in Spittalfields: he having two club-boxes in his house, which were robb'd of a good deal of money, he came to me, and ask'd me if I had not lost things. This was in the month of May. Then I read him the list of things I had lost. He told me she had a pair of window-curtains in his house: I show'd him the curtains on my bed, the same of two window-curtains I had lost; he said them he had seen were the same; upon which I took a warrant against her. I lost also a pair of work'd ruffles: I have found part of them made up into a cap. I lost all the things mentioned in the indictment, and more.


                  William 
                  Marmon 
               



            . When the prisoner came first out of the country, through a relation of her's, I took her in, which was about two years ago. She was backwards and forwards at my house often: she came from the prosecutor's to my house some time about Christmas. After my house was robb'd, which was on the 3d of May, (she was a lodger then with me) she told me, when I saw her flush of money, her uncle had sent her up 17 l. and that the prosecutor had changed the bill for her. I went to him; he said he had not chang'd any bill for her: he said he had been robb'd the time her mother and she were there, and he had great reason to suspect her: he mentioned to me the things he had lost, window-curtains, sheets, ruffles, spoons, and a large candlestick. I seeing his bed-curtains, I came home, and told my wife they were of the same that the prisoner had work'd up into a quilt. I saw the rings upon them before she cut them off.


                  Sarah 
                  Marmon 
               



            . My husband told me of the bed-curtains he had seen at the prosecutor's house: I went there, and am certain those two curtains that she had work'd up into a quilt in my house were the same pattern and cloth. When she was joining the quilt together, she said she had them from her grandmother out of the country. When we search'd her house we found the quilt; but the border made of the curtains was taken off. I ask'd where the red and white border was; she said, if we wanted them, we might go and look for them. (Two bed-curtains produced, brought by the prosecutor.) The curtains I saw the prisoner work up into a quilt in our kitchen, were the fellow to these, of the same chintz pattern, a particular fine cotton.
Prosecutor. I miss'd the two curtains some time in December; they were not in use, but were laid by.


                  Robert 
                  Reves 
               



            . I am a constable: I search'd the prisoner's house, and found the quilt; but the border was taken off, and another sort put on: Mrs. Marmon said so: we left it there.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Queston 
               



            . The prisoner gave me some ruffles on a tape about half a year ago, of which I made a border of a cap. (Produced.)
Prosecutor. I know this to be my property, made of a pair of ruffles which I lost.


                  Mary 
                  Loway 
               



            . I work'd this very work on this cap from this pattern (producing a paper pattern); it was made into a pair of ruffles for the prosecutor: I know it by the work, the pattern, and the lawn.


                  Mary 
                  Price 
               



            . I help'd to quilt the quilt for the prisoner, after she had put the border on, which was the same pattern as this curtain here produced.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never carried any thing out of the prosecutor's house, except by order of him or his wife.
She called 
               
                  Mary 
                  Kemp 
               



            , who bad known her three quarters of a year, 
               
                  William 
                  Kinch 
               



             and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Lovelock 
               



             from a child, who gave her a good character.




               Guilty. 20 s.
            



               T
            .
