





270. (L) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Blakey 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one guinea and seven half guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Tallon 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , May 25
. ++


                  John 
                  Tallon 
               



            . I live at the Blue Ball in Poppin's-alley, Fleet-street


. The prisoner was my servant about four hours; I gave her the key of my room-door to go up for my handkerchief which lay by the bedside, she staid a long while before she came down; after that I wanted to lay down on my bed for an hour or two, and going to put two guineas out of my pocket, I unlocked my buroe in my bed-room and found some of my money was gone; I called my wife up, we told it over, and there was four guineas gone. She delivered it to my wife about a quarter of an hour after.


                  Dorothy 
                  Tallon 
               



            . My husband wanted a pocket-handkerchief, and gave the prisoner the key to go up for it. When he missed the money, he called me up; I called the prisoner up and charged her with it, she flew and tore and said, she would take us before my Lord Mayor for scandalizing her. She cried murder. The young man, that had recommended her to us, was below, he came up, and struck my husband, and got her down stairs before him. While my husband was talking to him below, the prisoner got up into a back room, I went to her and desired she would let me have the money again; she fell down on her knees and said, will you let me go if I tell you were it is? I said I would; then she took up one of the feet of the bed and took up a paper and gave it me, in which was one guinea and six half guineas, and the next day I found she had changed a half guinea.


                  Charles 
                  Hollings 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner deliver the paper to my mistress, she gave it into my hand to open it, there was the money she has mentioned in it.
The prisoner in her defence said, her master gave her that money, and threatened her with a pistol to blow her brains out if she told her mistress of it.
She called 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tawney 
               



            , Sarah his wife, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Shepherd 
               



            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hitson 
               



            , who gave her a good character. 


               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
