





408. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Dorothy 
                     Allen 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 9 s. a cotton gown, value 3 s. a silk cardinal, value 12 s. a duffel cardinal trimmed with furr, a linen apron, a cheque apron, a linen shirt, a pair of stockings, a black silk hat, and a pair of woman's silk shoes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Scott 
                  




                
            , May 24
. ||


                  Esther 
                  Scott 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Peter 
                  Scott 
               



            , we live in Leather-lane


, he is journeyman to Stoughton's warehouse
; on the 23d of May the prisoner came to breakfast with me, while I went out of an errand she took a pair of shoes; I missed them about an hour after she was gone; I went to see for her on the 24th in the morning about Sadler's Wells, she cries crabs and shrimps about
; I did not find her; I returned home about six, and found my room-door open, two drawers open, and a gown, cardinal, and hat missing from one, out of the other a purple and white gown, a coloured apron from the bed-post; I missed also a pair of worsted stockings of my husband's, and a lawn apron out of a clothes-basket, and a shirt and silk handkerchief; I lost other things, I thought she had taken them; I met a young woman, who told me such a woman as I described had been with her; I was directed to her house in Vine-street, Mutton-hill, Clerkenwell; she was upon her bed with my duffel cloak and coloured apron, that I lost from hanging behind my room door; she said she would down upon her knees if I would forgive her, and said she would tell me of the other things; I took her to a public-house, she confessed where she had carried them before Sarah Lake and 
               
                  John 
                  Gibbons 
               



             (the cloak and apron produced and deposed to;) a shift, handkerchief, and apron I found in her lodgings; she went with me to Mr. Keden and Mr. Needham's, two pawnbrokers, where several things were pawned (produced and deposed to.)


                  Sarah 
                  Lake 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess to the taking the things, and that some were pawned, and some at her lodgings, where they were found, by her directions.
The two pawnbrokers deposed to the taking in the goods of the prisoner.
The prisoner said she had nothing to say in her defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
