






537. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Kite 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six black silk handkerchiefs, value 1 l. 3 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mearns 
                  




                
            , July 16
. ++


                  William 
                  Mearns 
               



            . I am a hawker, or travelling Scotchman
; on the 13th of July I was in at the Three Tuns in Wood's-close


, and exposed some of my goods to sale to my landlady there; after that I went down to Gravesend, not knowing any thing was stole; I returned the 18th, then I heard of my loss; then I examined my pack, and missed six black silk handkerchiefs, all in one piece, I never got them again.


                  William 
                  Presburg 
               



            . I was at the Three Tuns in Wood's-close; when the prosecutor opened his pack the prisoner was there, I had never seen him before; I saw him take a piece of black handkerchiefs from the pack, and dropped them on the floor under the table; I believe the prosecutor did not see him do it, I was going out of the room directly at the time, so did not take notice of it, to mention it.


                  John 
                  Sworth 
               



            . I was at that public house at that time, I saw the prisoner take a piece of something black from under the table, and put it under him where he sat, and after that convey it into his pocket, by putting his hand through his coat; he saw me see him, he beckoned me to come towards the door: I went; he asked me if I would go with him, and see what he had got; I said, no, if he had any thing belonging to the pedlar, to go and return it to him again; he said he would; he came into the house again, I fell into conversation with the company, and soon went away, whether he returned it or not I cannot say; the next day I mentioned it to a shop-mate, and we went and let the landlady know of it, by which means the prosecutor came to the knowledge of it.
Prisoner's defence.
I was drinking in that public-house, I had a red handkerchief about my neck, and a black one in my pocket; I saw the man bring the pack in, but I took nothing, I might drop the black handkerchief, and pick it up again, but whether I did or not I cannot tell; I had been drinking all day, I had pawned a shop-mate's hat, that was the reason I asked that young man to come and drink.
He called 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Hawkins 
               



             and John Crispin, the first had known him five-years, the other eighteen, who said they never heard that he had a bad character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
