






33. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Humphrys 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one iron dung fork, value 2 s. and one iron ridget
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Clewen 
                  



                
            , November 23

. *


                  Daniel 
                  Clewen 
               



            . I live at Finchley



; on the 23d of Nov. last, some time in the night, the things mentioned in the indictment were stolen out of my place where I keep my carts.
Q. What is a ridget?

Clewen. It is what is fixed to the shafts of the cart, which goes over the horses back, to bear the cart up. The next morning I sent to London, and ordered the person to call at every blacksmith's shop, and old iron shop, in their way. I saw them both on the 1st of December; the other witnesses will give a farther account; the fork has my name on it.


                  John 
                  Fensam 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Clewen; I saw the ridget, on the prisoner's cart, at his lodgings at Highgate.


                  Joseph 
                  Foster 
               



            . I took it off the cart by the Justice's order.


                  Thomas 
                  Grub 
               



            . I heard, the prosecutor had lost a dung-fork; I borrowed one of the prisoner's son, he gave me it out of his father's cart. (The things produced in court, and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the ridget out of an old iron shop in London; the dung-fork, I know nothing about.



               Acquitted
            .
(M.) He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing five trusses of hay, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Arnott 
                  



                
            . November 25

. *


                  Henry 
                  Arnott 
               



            . I live at a place, called, Gally-corner, South Mims



; I lost five trusses of hay, on the 25th of November, at night, out of my cart-house, where my carts stood loaded; I had seen the prisoner that day before, at an ale-house just by, with a little horse and a little cart; I tracked the cart from that ale-house to my hay, and from thence to Highgate, where I found the prisoner and the hay, at a little old house opposite to the black dog: I took him up on suspicion, and asked him, if he knew who owned a little cart, he said, he did? I said, I should be glad if he would show me the cart, he said he would; he carried me to the other end of Highgate, there, as soon as I saw the cart, I knew it; for the near wheel had three nails on it, bigger than the rest, by which means I traced it. I asked him to show me the hay, he did; I found three trusses left, I knew the hay very well; I asked him, if he was not at Gally-corner? he said, no: I said, was you not there such a time? then he said, he was: I lost the hay on the Saturday night, and found it again, on the Sunday, about eleven; he told me, he bought the hay in this place and the other place, and gave a very poor account of it.


                  Phillip 
                  Platt 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Arnott; I saw the hay at Highgate, on the Tuesday, in the prisoner's stable. I knew it as soon as I saw it; it was of my own binding; I can swear positively to it.


                  James 
                  Groom 
               



            . I keep Whetstone Turnpike: between the hours of eleven and twelve, on Friday night, the 25th of November, a little cart came through the Turnpike; there was some hay and a man and a boy with it. I can't say who drove it.
Prisoner's Defence.
This hay I bought at market; the prosecutor said, he set a man and a boy to watch; they were strange watchers, that they could not observe a man taking the hay away.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
