





156. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sheen 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 3 pair of steel snuffers, value 5 s. and one brass cock
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Townsend 
                  




                
            , March 21
.


                  John 
                  Townsend 
               



            . On the 21st of March last, about noon, one Mr. Longest, a brass founder in Golden-Lane, came to me, and ask'd me whether Mr. Sheen had left me. I said no.
Q. What are you?
Townsend. I am a brasier
. He ask'd me if he was an honest man. I said yes, for what I knew. He then said the prisoner had been to his house and offer'd some cocks to sell to his wife, in his absence.
Q. In what capacity was the prisoner employ'd by you?
Townsend. As a clerk
, when he had no other employ. Having lost half a dozen cocks some time before, I went to the prisoner's apartment, with a constable and search warrant; the constable told the prisoner what we came for, and search'd about. One cock was taken out of the prisoner's pocket. I believe it is my property, but cannot swear positively to it; 3 pair of snuffers were found in his room in a trunk, which I was suspicious might be my property, but could not be certain, but I believe they are mine. His wife said he brought these snuffers from the country, but there is the mark on them that we mark with, ( produced in court.)
Q. What did he say before the justice?
Townsend. He said they were my snuffers, as we were going from the justice's to New Prison, and that he had sold some cocks somewhere about Fleet Ditch, but they are not in the indictment.


                  William 
                  Partridge 
               



            . I am a constable; in searching the prisoner's apartment I found three pair of snuffers, and have had them in my custody ever since. He denied having stolen them a good while, till Mr. Townsend said, let me look on the inside, which he did and said there was his mark. After that the prisoner own'd he did take them, and hoped Mr. Townsend would forgive him.
Prisoner's Defence.
These snuffers were found upon me. I took them out of my master's house with my handkerchief along with other things, without any design to keep them, for I intended to return them. He knows I never cheated him of any thing in the world, I am above it. I had put them in my trunk to take care of them, till I brought them again; I am sure my brother has given me above four hundred pounds within these four years, I had no occasion to steal.
Q. to Partridge. Did he confess how long he had them in his custody?
Partridge. He said nothing about that; he only said he took them out of Mr. Townsend's shop.
Q. Did he say he took them by mistake?
Partridge. I do not recollect he did.
For the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Honyman 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about 40 years.
Q. What is his general character?
Honyman. He came of a very good family; he served one Mr Shaw in Gracechurch Street a great many years.
Q. In what capacity?
Honyman. He was a clerk.
Q. How long is that ago?
Honyman. Very near 20 years.
Q. Who has he lived with lately?
Honyman. He lived with Mess. Honeywood and Fuller, bankers, in Lombard Street; he used to come often to me, we were bound apprentice together near 30 years ago.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


