





18. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stallard 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two silver table spoons, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jenkinson 
                  




                
            , Nov. 21
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Jenkinson 
               



            . I keep a publick-house
 in Bethnal-green


 parish. The prisoner came to my house, on the 21st of November, between four and five in the afternoon, and called for a pot of beer; he had a woman with him; he took her into a back room, where they were some time: after that, he came to the bar, and asked for a half-penny-worth of gin; I served him; the woman then I believe was gone: he then went into the back-kitchen, and spoke to the child over my wife's shoulder. When he was gone, my wife immediately followed him, and said to me, he had taken a silver spoon: I missed it immediately, as he was bidding a gentleman good night, about a yard or two from the door. I went and laid hold of his arm, and said, Sir, I believe you have got a spoon of mine, and insisted on his going back to be searched: I put him into the little room, where he and the woman had been together. I called for a candle, and as he was fumbling, I saw the handle of the spoon in his hand; I said I saw it; then he gave it into my hand: (produced and deposed to.) I charged him with another I had lost, of the 27th of October, and he owned he did take it: that I never had again.


                  Moses 
                  George 
               



            . I was at searching the prisoner, and saw him deliver the spoon to Mr. Jenkinson, and heard him own he had taken away another, the fellow spoon to this.


                  Thomas 
                  Brett 
               



             deposed to the same purport, being by at the time.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was making water at the step of the door, and kicked against the spoon: I took it up; the gentleman challenged me with the spoon; I said, here it is, and delivered it to him.
He called 
               
                  Anne 
                  Reynolds 
               



             and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Martin 
               



            , who had known him five years, and Job Field two, who said they never heard any ill of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
