






193, 194. (L.) 
               
                  John 
                  Luthwait 
               



             , first mate of the Viranick
, and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Simpson 
                  



                
            , a mariner
 on board the said ship, were tried on separate indictments for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury on the trial of 
                     
                        Lancellot 
                        Bolton 
                     




                   , who was tried at the high court of admiralty sessions held at the Old Bailey


 on the 29th of March
 last, before Sir 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Salisbury 
                     



                  , Knt. L. L. D. and Sir 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Parker 
                     



                  , Knt. Lord Chief Baron of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, &c. for the wilful murder of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Morgan 
                     



                  , a mariner on board the said ship
            . ++
Each indictment charged them, that in order to induce the Jury to believe the charge against Capt. Bolton, they swore, that the said Bolton did lick and beat the said Morgan (who told the captain, he was lame of his arm, and could not do as ordered) and forced him up upon the mizzen top-sail-yard, from whence he fell upon the main brace, and received such hurt by the beating and fall he never did a day's duty afterwards. There were other averments in the indictment, but this the Jury more particularly went upon.
After the copy of the record of the trial and acquital of Capt. Bolton was read, T. Gurney, the short-hand writer, deposed as follows: That he attended the sessions as usual; that Luthwait on that trial deposed, that Capt. Bolton drove the deceased Morgan up upon the mizen-top-sail-yard by licking, which he explained to be beating him up the shrouds, with a rattan made of cane woulded round with tar-twine; that Morgan made application to the captain, that he had lost the use of his hand, and was not able to go up; that he fell down upon the main brace, by which means he got a hurt on his loins, that he saw a scar there afterwards, and that he never did any duty after that, being quite incapable from that fall and the other usage that he had had.
And on the trial of Simpson, he, the short-hand writer, deposed: That Simpson, on the trial of Capt. Bolton, swore, that Capt. Bolton did lick Morgan with a rattan, because he was not able to do his duty; that he wanted him to go upon the top of the mizen-top-sail-yard; that the deceased said he was not able, and if he chose to beat him he must, so he did lick him up, from whence he fell against a rope; that he complained afterwards of some bruises he had received, and never did a day's duty afterwards; and that Morgan had spoke of his arm being lame, and the captain knew of his being lame of it, notwithstanding which he forced him up.
Lanncellot Bolton the captain, 
               
                  John 
                  White 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Duff 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Hust 
               



            , mariners on board, and 
               
                  James 
                  Donivan 
               



             the second mate, all deposed, this their charge was groundless, and that it was Luthwait that drove the deceased up the mizen-top-sail-yard, and that the captain was not then upon deck, neither when he went up, nor when he fell; and that he did his duty as usual three or four days after, and died of a flux, which had been increasing upon him from the time they left St. Kitts.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
