





153. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Perry 
                  , otherwise 
M'Laughlan




            , widow
, was indicted was 


               stealing one silver watch, value 20 s. one pair of silver buttons, value 2 s. and one half guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Boyd 
                  




                
            , widow
, May 16
.


                  Margaret 
                  Boyd 
               



            . I live in Lower Gun-alley, Wapping


. The prisoner was recommended to me as a lodger. She came on the 16th of May; we lay together. I had half a guinea in a little box, with a pair of silver sleeve-buttons in my pocket, before we went to bed. A young man that was at my house (who is now gone to sea) wanting to know what o'clock it was, I opened a chest which was in my room, and took out my watch and told him; I put it into the till of the chest again, locked the chest, and put the key in my pocket. At going to bed, I laid my pocket on a table hard by. The prisoner lay along with me: in the morning I found my stockings, which I had taken off my legs over night, in the chest. I had not put them there. The prisoner was then putting on her things. In looking into the chest, I missed the watch out of the till: I said, Who has been here? She said, Have you lost any thing? I said, Yes, my watch. She said the young man has taken it away. I said, No, I put it into the chest and locked it in; to be sure it must be you that has taken it. She stripped herself to her shift, and took a book from out of the window, and got upon her knees, and took an oath that she knew nothing of it. I was so affrighted, that I said very little more to her. She took her cloak and wrapp'd it about her, and said she must go do her business, and went down and went away. I went and told the person who recommended her to me of it. He went and found her, and brought her back to me. She had got herself dressed in other cloaths than what she had on before. She had on a black petticoat and a washing gown. I got a warrant, and took her before the Justice. The next day I found my watch at Mr. Andrew Popard's, a pawnbroker. My box with the half guinea and buttons were gone from out of my pocket.
Q. Had the prisoner been out of your room before you got up?
M. Boyd. I cannot say she had; the door was bolted over night.
Q. Did you examine the prisoner's cloaths when she stripped herself?
M. Boyd. No, I was so frighted I did not touch them.
Q. When had you seen your money and buttons?
M. Boyd. I opened the box about dusk in the morning, and I saw the money and buttons there then.
Q. from Prisoner. Did you not make me and yourself drunk, and went to bed and left the door open?
M. Boyd. I was not in liquor. She shamm'd drunk.


                  Andrew 
                  Popard 
               



            . I live in Queen-street, Tower-hill.
Q. How far is that from Lower Gun alley?
Popard. I do not know where that is; if it be near Wapping Church it may be half a mile from me. On the 17th of May I was very ill; my apprentice brought up this watch to me. [Produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutrix as the same which she lost on the 16th at night, her property.]


                  Charles 
                  Casheere 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Popard. I took in this watch on the 17th of May from the prisoner at the bar. I am certain she is the woman both by her voice and face. She said it was her husband's watch, that she lived in Rosemary-lane, and that her name was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Daisey 
               



            . I lent her a guinea and half upon it.
Prisoner's Defence.
There was a young man who came and took the watch out of the chest, and asked her what o'clock it was. She said either three or four. He came backwards and forwards in the room. She, he, and I went out and drank together: we drank gin, and they made me drink a good large glass. We had seven or eight glasses of brandy, then we went to see him on board. We had beer also: we came home and went to bed, and got up together. The door was wide open when we got up. When she charged me with the watch, I stripped myself naked: I had nothing. Then I bade her a good morrow, and went away. I told Mrs. Knox she had lost her watch as I came down. She said she did not believe her.
Q. Is Mrs. Knox here?
Prisoner. She is.
Court. You may call her if you please.
Prisoner. She may sell her soul if she chuses it. You may examine her, if you think proper.
Court. If you desire it, we will examine her.
Prisoner. Then examine her.


                  Merrick 
                  Knox 
               



            . I remember the prisoner's coming down to me, and saying, Mrs. Boyd says she has lost her watch. I was in bed. I said perhaps she has mislaid it; I will put on my cloaths, and help her to look for it: she may be in a flurry.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
