





194. (M) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ogden 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver tankard, value 7 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Lloyd 
                  




                
            , May 16
. +


                  Robert 
                  Lloyd 
               



            . The prisoner came into my house on Saturday the 16th of May, about eleven o'clock, and staid there 'till about four; he drank three single penny-worths of beer, then he joined company that were drinking out of a tankard; but it was not that tankard that I lost. After he was gone I missed another tankard.
Q. Did you ever find it again?
Lloyd. Yes, it was found upon the prisoner by Mr. Law. [Produced in court, and deposed to.] There was a lid to it, but that is now gone.


                  John 
                  Law 
               



            . I live at the Queen's-head, opposite Hicks's-hall. On the 17th of May, the prisoner came into our house, and called for a penny-worth of beer; and while I went to draw it, I heard the keys of the bar-door rattle I had a suspicion of the prisoner: I came up, and saw the marks of a tankard in his pocket I told my brother of it, and we took a tankard out of his pocket, and this stick from him. [Producing a very large ash-plant.]
Q. to prosecutor. By what do you know that tankard?
Prosecutor. By the letters of my name on the handle.
Prisoner's Defence.
I got up on Sunday morning, and in the street, about six o'clock, I found that tankard lying in the kennel. I happened to meet two women: I asked them if they knew who it belonged to. They said, they did not know. I carried it a good way, before I put it into my pocket. I said to myself, in the name of God, if I can find who it belongs to, I will advertise it, and I was taken up by two men.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


