






284. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Burk 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               assaulting and robbing 
                     
                        
                           Catharine 
                           Chambers 
                        



                      
                  , widow
, on the King's highway, of a cloth coat, waistcoat, and breeches, value 40 s. and another pair of breeches, value 2 s. and a linen table cloth, value 3 s. her property, and against her will
            , Feb. 28

. +


                  Catharine 
                  Chambers 
               



            . The night before St. David's day, I was knocked down by the prisoner at the bar and robbed of a suit of clothes, another pair of breeches, and a table-cloth, at the corner of Drury-Lane



. It was between eight and nine o'clock. He ran away with them.
Q. How do you know it was the prisoner?
C. Chambers. I saw him at the same time.
Q. Was he before you or behind you?
C. Chambers. He came behind me. He had spoke to me a little before. I met him about three weeks after with the breeches and waistcoat on, by the Alms Houses in St. Giles's. Said he, What do you want with me? I took him by the collar, and said, Let me have the things. Then he knocked me down, and said, You b - h! She is my wife, and said I was dead-drunk, and he wanted the key to go home; so he got away.
Richard Row. I was the constable. I took up the prisoner on the ninth of April, for breaking open a house. I hearing he had robbed this woman, I asked him what he had done with the clothes; he said he had got the breeches on, and was willing to pay for the things.
Prisoner's Defence.
That night I met her in the street, she wanted me to bring her to the club and pay for her. I would not. She came and hallooed out and said, I had robbed her of all her clothes. After she swore the robbery on me, she never served me with a warrant, but wanted me to give her half a guinea.




               Guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 


               T
            .
He was a second time indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Creswick 
                        



                      
                  , on the 8th of April

, about the hour of one o'clock in the night, with intent the goods of the said John to steal
            , &c.




               The prosecutor was called, but did not appear.  Acquitted
            .
