





136. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Herring 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a woollen cardinal, value 5 s. a pair of women's stuff shoes, value 18 d. a handkerchief, value 6 d. a linen sheet, value 5 s. a linen gown, value 3 s. a linen apron, two yards of cloth, and a yard and a half of ribbon
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Moon 
                  




                
            , Dec. 8
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Moon 
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Moon 
               



            . We did live in Denmark Court, in the Strand


. I went out the day of Brentford election, and left my child in the care of the evidence here. When I came home I missed the things laid in the indictment. The prisoner's father and mother and I suspecting the girl at the bar, I went to the Justice, and took her up with my stockings and shoes on her legs and feet. The handkerchief she had on I know was not her own; I believe it to be mine, but do not swear to it. We found the prisoner's own shoes in the cellar. I could not find her till the Friday was a week after.


                  Ann 
                  Mathewson 
               



            . I had the care of the prosecutrix's child when she was out. I saw the prisoner sitting on the stair-case that day. Some time of the day these things were missing, and she also. We did not find her till above a week after. She used to lay in the cellar, where her shoes were found.
Prisoner's Defence.
The woman used to lend me things to go out in, and I used to give her money when I came home. She cried always when I came home, How much money have you got? I leave it to the mercy of the court.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
