





642. (L.) 
               
                  Margaret, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Flanady 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury, on a trial before Lord Chief Justice Wilmott, upon an issue depending in the court of Common. Pleas at Guildhall


, between 
                     
                        George 
                        Davis 
                     



                  , Gent. plaintiff, and 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hanway 
                     



                  , Esq; and others, defendants
            , July 2
. ++
The witnesses were examined apart.
The record of the trial produced by 
               
                  James 
                  Collins 
               



            .


                  Nathaniel 
                  Jennes 
               



            . I am clerk to Commissioner Hanway. I was at the trial in the court of Common Pleas, between 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             and Commissioner Hanway on the 2d of July last at Guild-hall, before Lord Chief Justice Wilmott; I remember the prisoner being sworn, and giving her evidence; she there swore she saw 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             with handcuffs on his hands, and at the same time pointed to him; that she saw handcuffs on his hands in the gateway at Chatham yard, and that he was carried from the gateway to the Justices handcuffed, and that she saw him with handcuffs on in the Justice's parlour, the Justices were Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Wildash; that it was in Mr. Fletcher's house, she said she knew one, but not the other; that a rope was put about his neck, and she saw it about his neck in the Justice's parlour; being asked, she said they were all Justices, that there were twelve of them; the Justices were pointed to her in court, she knew one out not the other, I think was Mr. Wildash that she did know; she said was on the 30th of April, 1766; I saw him in the gateway, I never saw him handcuffed, nor with a rope about his neck.


                  William 
                  Painter 
               



            . I was present on the 2d of July when the cause was tried in Guildhall; the prisoner positively said 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             had handcuffs on his hands, but I do not recollect she said where he was at the time, but she said she saw a rope about his neck in the Justice's parlour before the Justices, and that it was on the 30th of April, 1766; the names of the two Justices were Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Wildash; I saw him and 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Mahony 
               



             in custody, and heard them examined in the Pay-office; he was not handcuffed, neither had he a rope about his neck; I am a clerk to the Commissioners of the Navy, I am sent down there to calculate seamen's wages; I saw 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             in the Justice's parlour, he had neither handcuffs on his hands, not a rope about his neck, if there had been either I must have seen them.


                  James 
                  Malpass 
               



            . I am a clerk to the Treasurers of the Navy; I was at Guildhall on the trial between 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             and Commissioner Hanway; I remember the prisoner being examined as a witness; she swore 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             was handcuffed in the Commissioner's office, and from thence he was carried to the gateway in the yard, and from thence to the Justices, handcuffed, and that he had a rope put about his neck in the Justice's room; and that the Commissioner took hold of the rope and said, this is the way you will go; I heard the Commissioner order him to be taken into custody, it was on the 30th of April, 1766; he was not handcuffed, I have been told there is no such thing in the yard; I saw him go out of the office, he was not handcuffed then; I was there when he came into the office and went out again, he had no handcuffs on the time I saw him, neither can I believe it would have been suffered to be done; I did not see him after he went out of the office.
Barber 
               
                  Fennel
               


            . My business is to attend the Pay-office at Chatham; I was present at the trial at Guildhall, betwixt 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             and Commissioner Hanway; I heard the prisoner examined on that trial; she said that 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             had handcuffs on his hands pointing to him, and he had a rope about his neck before the Justices in the Justice's parlour, and that he had handcuffs on before he came to the Justices; this was at Chatham, in April 1766. I saw 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             before the two Justices in the Justice's parlour at that time, he had no handcuffs on him at any time there, he had no rope about his neck; I should have seen them if he had; I never heard of handcuffs or a rope, till I was in the court in Guildhall at that trial.
Mr. Fletcher. I am a Justice of the peace for the county of Kent; I was subpoened to attend the trial at Guildhall last July, on a cause between 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             and Commissioner Hanway; I remember the prisoner there; part of her evidence struck me much; she swore she saw 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             before the Justices, and in the Justice's parlour, with handcuffs on his hands and a rope about his neck, to make him confess; so far from that being true, there were no handcuffs on when he came to the house; I went out of the gateway to receive Mr. Hanway, who is a gentleman of rank; I asked him who was the prisoner; he told me it was young Davis; there were no handcuffs on him then; there were no handcuffs on him in my parlour, neither was any rope put about his neck; after he was discharged he thanked the Commissioner, and thanked the constable, and thanked us all for the civility he had received; Mr. Wildash happened to dine with me that day, neither handcuffs nor a rope were mentioned, and I am sure I ought to be struck out of the commission of the peace if ever I suffered it, we have no such thing as a handcuff to be got.
Mr. Wildash. I am the other Magistrate that examined 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



            ; I was at Guildhall on the trial on the 2d of July; I remember the woman at the bar being sworn, and giving her evidence; she there swore 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             had handcuffs on, and a rope put about his neck; that he had handcuffs either in or at the Justice's on the 30th of April, 1766; he had no rope put about his neck, nor no handcuffs on his hands while before us; I was there the whole time of examination; I was there when he was dismissed out of custody at the Commissioner's office; I never heard a word of handcuffs or a rope till in Guildhall on that trial.


                  Michael 
                  Pank 
               



            . I was a constable at the time 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             was examined before Commissioner Hanway; he was delivered into my custody from the Commissioner's office; I went with him to the gateway, I saw no handcuffs on him, I had no handcuffs, I never saw any in the dock-yard; I carried him from the gateway to the Justices, he had no handcuffs on then; I was not in the parlour, I was at the door, he had no handcuffs on then; I saw no rope about his neck, he had no handcuffs on when delivered into my custody; he behaved with a great deal of good order, there was no reason to use him ill; had he been my own brother I could not have used him better. On the 3d of May when he had his enlargement, he said to the Justices, I wish you a good night, and I thank you for your civility; I said to him, I wish you a good night and well home; said he, Mr. Pank, if you ever come to London I shall be very glad to see you for your civility, and left me a note where I should come to him.


                  Thomas 
                  Tomlin 
               



            . I was at the trial at Guildhall on the 2d of July, I heard the woman at the bar say that young Davis had handcuffs on under the gateway; that he was conveyed away from thence to the Justices handcuffed, and he had a halter put about his neck in the Justice's house, and appeared so in the parlour with a rope about his neck; I was in court all the time of the trial.
For the prisoner.


                  George 
                  Davis 
               



            . My father got leave from St. Paul's school to send me down to settle with one Mahony; I went there with her and Mrs. Flanady; I went to Mr. Way's, he was not at home, he was in the dock-yard, he was a publican; he is a trumped up Justice and an usurer. that deals in seamen's affairs, and extorting of money; first I saw 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Jennes 
               



            , he bid us sit down till the Commissioner came in; he took a piece of paper and wrote down what we must say; the woman said the money was about 60 l. I cannot tell the sum; Hanway sent for me, we went in; he sent out Jennes for two constables to take us; I said, Sir, I wonder I should be charged for nothing; said Hanway, you are guilty of this felony. and I'll swear before the Justice you are guilty; said I, it is not a capital offence; yes, it is, said he, and by G - d I'll hang you all three; he took me into a room, and ordered a pair of handcuffs to be put upon my hands, and said, d - n him, screw him down, screw him down, Hanway and Way were by; then they put a rope about my neck to make me confess, this was in the office, he will then own it, said Hanway.
Q. What were the handcuffs made of?
Davis. They are iron or steel; they were put about my wrists, and they cut me as bad as a knife; he bullied us and threatened us, and told us what he would do, and that he never failed hanging; the woman, old Mrs. Mahony, came and begged and prayed, and said, do not abuse the young man, and said he knows nothing of the things, I am sure he is innocent; said he, he is not innocent, I'll hang him by G - d; he did send for a rope in the office, and it was put about my neck to make me confess to a forgery; I was taken from that office to under the dock gate, and there I was put up stairs, and the two women below; they were on me all the time I was in that place; they took them off at 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Fletcher 
               



            's door; the rope was on me about five or ten minutes, they pulled that off before I went out of the office; they pulled down my coat sleeves and bullied me, and said, let them see his ruffles, here is a lawyer has got ruffles, and made game at me; he pretended to be a constable, and what he was not entitled to.
Q. How long did you stay in the office?
Davis. I staid there the best part of an hour; after we had been seven hours in custody, from eleven in the forenoon till six at night, exposed to a great mob of people, the handcuffs were taken off before I went in at the Justice's.
On his cross examination he said Mahony could not speak English, that Flanady went as an interpreter for her; that Mr. Hanway was a second jack-catch, he believed he was equal to him; that be ordered the handcuffs to be screwed hard; that Pank the constable was by at the time; that he complained the handcuffs cut him; that they were put on in the Pay-office; that the handcuffs and rope were both on him together; that the rope was taken off in the Pay-office; that Mahony heard him complain, and said the young man is innocent of the thing, if any body was faulty it was herself, that he heard her say so to Mr. Hanway; that he was in custody from Wednesday at eleven o'clock till the Saturday at eleven; that Mr. Way shewed the people his handcuffs upon his hands, and the gibbet of two men hanging; that he called them ruffles, and exposed him to a great number of people; that a vast number saw his handcuffs; that they put him to extreme torture; that Mr. Best a Justice of the Peace observed them; that they put him in a dirty place, not sit for a chimney-sweeper to be put in; that one of the Justices observed his hands to be dirty and bloody, he thinks it was Mr. Fletcher; that his handcuffs were plain to be seem by any body that was in the Justice's parlour; that he told the Justices he had been handcuffed the first time of coming in; that he was three or four times in before the Justices; being asked if the people observed his handcuffs, he said he supposed the people would not see, because they had a mind to favour Mr. Hanway; that he would suborn them; that he complained but once, because the Justices snubbed him; being asked which Justice, he said Mr. Fletcher; that Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Wildash both said it was no letter than be deserved, that was his being handcuffed; that he never returned Mr. Hanway thanks, nor the constable; that he never invited him to come to see him in London; that the rope was squeezed hard, ready to hang him; and that he could not tell who was the man that put the rope on him.


                  Eleanor 
                  Mahony 
               



             could speak nothing but Irish, an interpreter was sworn. Her evidence as follows.


                  Eleanor 
                  Mahony 
               



            . I remember when 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             was in the office at Chatham; I saw things screwed on his hands, it was a sort of an iron; after that he was separated from me, and I did not see them upon him after that; I can't say any thing more about it.
Q. Do you recollect any thing about a rope?
E. Mahony. I can't recollect any circumstance about a rope; Flanady requested a spotted handkerchief to put between the young man's hands and the iron.
Q. Did you see the man that put them on his hands?
E. Mahony. No; I saw them on about ten o'clock in the day, I stood close to him.
Q. Did you understand Commissioner Hanway when he said he would put ruffles on him?
E. Mahony. I did, that was meaning the irons.
Q. Did you understand him though he spoke it in English?
E. Mahony. I did; I let myself down on my knees, and asked pardon for the young man.
Q. Was you in the room all the time young Davis was there?
E. Mahony. I was.
Q. Were there many people in the office?
E. Mahony. There were a great many, so that I could not very well see him sometimes, the people were all round us.


                  Mary 
                  Elliot 
               



            . I remember the time that 
               
                  George 
                  Davis 
               



             was at Commissioner Hanway's, I then lived servant at the Salt-water Bath at Chatham; I remember seeing him come out of the dock; I saw his handcuffs on him, upon my oath I saw his hands dirty and bloody; they were carrying him to the Justice's, I was standing at my master's door.
Q. Are you sure of it?
M. Elliot. I am perfectly sure of it.
Cross examination.
Q. What time of the day was this?
M. Elliot. I cannot tell.
Q. How long had you lived there?
M. Elliot. Almost three years.
Q. Is that in the way from the yard to Mr. Fletcher's to go by the Salt-water Bath?
M. Elliot. I mean that is the way to Mr. Best's; I saw him go past, and I followed him; he was going up Chatham-street, he had his handcuffs on and a mob about him.
Q. Did you know him before?
M. Elliot. No, but I saw him in London since; I met him as I happened to go through Clement's-inn and stopped him, and asked him how he did, and if he was not the person that I saw with handcuffs on at Chatham. *
Q. When was this?
M. Elliot. This was about six months after that.
Q. Did you speak to him when you saw him at Chatham?
M. Elliot. I did, but whether he heard me or not I cannot say; I pitied him, and said I was sorry the poor man should be drawn along so.
Q. Have you kept up an acquaintance since you saw him in London?
M. Elliot. I have; I have since gone to visit his papa.
Q. Where did you live when you met him in London?
M. Elliot. I lived with Capt. Wood in Goodman's-fields.
Q. How far was he from the dock-gate when you saw him first?
M. Elliot. Not so far as a quarter of a mile.
Q. Where did you meet him in London?
M. Elliot. He was standing at his father's door, and asked me to come in.
Q. How long have you been come from Chatham?
M. Elliot. About a year and a half, or not so much.
Q. Where did you come to when you came to London?
M. Elliot. I went to Epping first; I staid there about three or four months; the first place after that was at Capt. Wood's.
Q. How long after you came to Capt. Wood's before you met with this young man?
M. Elliot. I do not think it was quite two months.
Q. What is Mr. Best?
M. Elliot. He is a Justice of the Peace.


                  Anne 
                  Hughes 
               



            . I was down in the country last April was two years in Chatham.
Q. Where do you live?
A. Hughes. I live in Lumber-court; I heard a lawyer's son out of London had handcuffs on; I saw him, and saw handcuffs upon him.

Q. Upon your oath did you?
A. Hughes. Upon my oath I did; he was coming out of the yard at Chatham, the mob was gathered, and I came out among the mob.
Q. What day was this?
A. Hughes. I don't remember the day.
Q. What time of the day?
A. Hughes. I don't know.
Q. Was it early in the morning?
A. Hughes. It was in the afternoon.
Q. How many days might you stay at Chatham after this?
A. Hughes. Never a day at all; I came up to London and sold my things as I came along.
Q. How came you to find it out that it was this young man?
A. Hughes. Because he was coming thro' Lumber-court, and I took notice of him by the cast of his eye.
Q. How long is that ago?
A. Hughes. That was half a year ago; I was in the court and knew him directly; there was a woman along with him, it was the prisoner at the bar; it was she subpoened me, that is Mr. Davis did.
Q. Had you ever had any conversation with the prisoner about this affair before you was subpoened?
A. Hughes. No, not till I was subpoened.
Q. How came they to know where to find you out?
A. Hughes. Because I knew them, and I said, this is the young man that was handcuffed at Chatham; I am certain that was all that passed between me and him till I was subpoened.
Q. How do you know it was two years ago last April?
A. Hughes. Because that was the time I was there.
Q. What was your business at Chatham?
A. Hughes. I sell laces and garters.
Q. By what do you know you was at Chatham at that time?
A. Hughes. I can't swear to the week nor to the month, but I know it was two years ago last April.
Q. Are you sure it was not September?
A. Hughes. I am not very certain whether it was April or September.
Q. Are you sure whether it was summer or winter?
A. Hughes. I am sure it was in the month of April.
Q. Was it summer or winter?
A. Hughes. It was April that comes after the month of May.
Q. Where is Lumber-court?
A. Hughes. It is by the Seven Dials in West-street.
Q. Did the young man that had the handcuffs on say any thing to you about April?
A. Hughes. No, but I knew it was April.
Q. Was you examined at Guildhall?
A. Hughes. I never was at no hall in my life.


                  Sarah 
                  Minet 
               



            . I saw young Davis at Chatham in the dock-yard, there was a crowd; I had been drinking a pint of beer at the Globe alehouse with Mrs. Hughes.
Q. When was this?
S. Minet. It is about two years ago; I went out of curiosity to see what was the matter; I saw him with handcuffs on him, upon my oath I did, in the dock-yard; I saw no more; I endeavoured to get out of the croud as soon as I could; Mrs. Hughes brought me into the country with laces and garters.
Q. Where do you live?
S. Minet. I live in Smart's-buildings in Holbourn; I used to go with her with laces and garters.
Q. How often have you gone down there?
S. Minet. I never was there before.
Q. What time was this?
S. Minet. I believe it was in May or April, I don't know which; I know it was in the beginning of summer.
Q. What month is the present?
S. Minet. It is October I believe.
Q. Was Mrs. Hughes in the dock-yard with you at the time?
S. Minet. She was.
Q. Did you ever see that young man before?
S. Minet. No, never in my life.
Q. When did you see him next?
S. Minet. Mrs. Hughes was drinking a pint of beer at the Black Dog in St. Giles's; she came to me and said, do you remember the young fellow you saw at Chatham that was handcuffed.
Q. When did she mention this to you?
S. Minet. This was yesterday morning; said she, should you know him again; I sai d, yes, for he had a cast in his eye; she brings him down, I said indeed that is the young fellow; I said, Sir, did I ever see you at Chatham; said he, if you are a person that saw me at Chatham, I am glad to see you, and he made me drink out of his pint pot; then he took me to another house, and made me take a shilling and this paper, and said no more to me; I was to appear in regard to seeing him handcuffed; he asked me no particulars at all, only to speak the truth.
Q. How long had Mrs. Hughes and you been at Chatham before you saw this young man?
S. Minet. Not many days, perhaps three or four.
Q. How soon after you had seen him did you make for London?
S. Minet. We made our way for London that day, to the best of my knowledge; I can't recollect the particulars of every thing.


                  Anne 
                  Carey 
               



            . I was going along, and I went into that place where 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Flanady 
               



             was tried; she said Mr. Davis had handcuffs on him coming out of some gentleman's yard, and she said the old woman was put into a fort of a centry-box, and Mr. Davis in a place above her head; I heard her say something about a parlour, but what it was I do not know.


                  Patrick 
                  Reading 
               



            . I heard what the prisoner swore, she swore the man was handcuffed in Mr. Hanway's house at Chatham, and they were separated and put in a hole, Davis in a top hole, and she could not see him after that; and when they went to the Justice's house, she could not tell whether the handcuffs were on him as he was going along or no.
Q. Do you remember her talking about a rope being upon him?
Reading. I cannot charge my memory with that.
Q. to Mr. Fletcher. Did you observe Davis's hands to be bloody?
Mr. Fletcher. They were not bloody; I used him with as great good manners as I could any gentleman; there was not a word mentioned of handcuffs; I treated him with all the lenity a person in his circumstances could be treated with.
Q. to Mr. Wildash. Did you observe his hands to be bloody?
Mr. Wildash. His hands were not bloody at all.
Q. Did he complain about his hands being hurt by handcuffs?
Mr. Wildash. There is not a word of it true, I never heard a word of handcuffs till upon that trial at Guildhall.
Q. to Mr. Fletcher. Is the way to Mr. Best's at all in the way from the dock to your house?
Mr. Fletcher No, I live out of the town; it is not at all in the way to my house from the dock-yard to go by the Salt-water Bath; to go by Salt-water Bath is no more in the way than from here Westminster is in the way to Aldgate.
Q. Whether this young man was ever carried the Salt-water Bath way to your house?
Mr. Fletcher. No, he was not, he was carried from my house to Brompton.
Q. to Pank. After the examination at Mr. Fletcher's house, where was the prisoner carried to?
Pank. He was carried to Brompton.
Q. Was he ever carried from the first time of being taken up by Salt-water Bath?
Pank. No, he never was.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
George Davis was committed to be tried for perjury.
