






39. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Egerton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of linen sheets, value 5 s. one blanket, value 1 s. one brass candlestick, value 1 s. one pair of bellows, value 1 s. one bolster, value 1 s. and one stuff curtain, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Porter 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging room lett by contract
            , &c. Nov. 1
. ++


                  Margaret 
                  Porter 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Porter 
               



            ; we live in Banbury-street, St. Giles's


; the prisoner took a lodging of us near four years ago; he agreed to pay half a crown a week. On the 1st of November I went and knocked at his room door, he let me in; I missed the things mentioned; I asked him where they were; he said he would not tell me; I sent for a constable, and took him before Mr. Cox; he there would not tell, but insisted upon going to goal, and be tried.
Mrs. Townshend. I have seen the prisoner write many times; (two letters produced which the prosecutrix received, signed with the prisoner's name) I know there to be the prisoner's hand-writing; (they were read in court; in the first he desires the prosecutrix would accept his order upon his aunt Wheeler; one half the sum would redeem the things, and the other half to go to a former debt; in the second is a proposal to pay 1 s. a week, on condition she would set him at liberty.


                  Terence
               


             M'Ginnis. I am a constable; I received from the woman that passes for the prisoner's wife these things; (producing all the things mentioned in the indictment.)
M. Porter. His wife came to me with these things, desiring I would take them and discharge the prisoner; I consulted Justice Cox about it; he bid me not take them, but let him deliver them to the constable, so they were carried to Mr. M'Ginnis.
Prisoner's defence.
I have been an old lodger to Mrs. Porter, and had the privilege to make use of some of the things in the room when in distress, on condition replacing them.
M. Porter. I never gave him such liberty.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
