





407. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Loseby 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 18 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Asterly 
                  




                
            . June 27
. ++


                  Benjamin 
                  Asterly 
               



            . On Wednesday the 27th of June, I and Mr. Fielding were going down Ludgate-hill


, just by the Old Bailey, I thought I felt something at my pocket; I looked round, and saw the prisoner with my handkerchief in his hand. I said to Mr. Fielding, that man has picked my pocket of my handkerchief; then said he, I have got him fast, and laid hold of him. The prisoner turned, and said, Sir, have I picked your pocket? Yes, said I, you have: then I saw the handkerchief fall from the inside of his jacket on his shoe. (Produced in court, and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            . I was in company with Mr. Asterley. After he got his handkerchief again, I gave the prisoner a kick, and said, go about your business: then the prisoner said he would have satisfaction for that kick; then we determined to take him before a magistrate. Going along, he endeavoured to seize my cane, and said he would go no farther; but we took him to a magistrate, and he was committed.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was coming down Ludgate-hill, there was a crowd; they said, a man's pocket was picked; he turned round and collar'd me, and said, he had lost his handkerchief, and I had got it; he gave me a kick on the arse, and said, go about your business: I knowing myself innocent, wanted to know what that was for? after that, the handkerchief was kicked right under me by the people that followed.
Prosecutor. It was less than a minute from the time I had it in my pocket, to the time I had it again, after the prisoner had it in his hand.
The prisoner called 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Ward 
               



             and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Bruncell 
               



            , who said they had employed him, and always found him very honest.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
