





182 (M) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Trassell 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen gown value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Joakim 
                  Statelin 
               




             . May 30
. *
Eliz. Statelin. My husband's name is Joakim, he is master of a ship
, and now abroad. I had put a linnen gown into a dish, and was about to starch it, leaving it a little while, when I went to do it, it was gone. I sent 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Bagnall 
               



             about amongst the pawnbrokers to get it stoped, and she met with it and the prisoner. She can give a farther account.
Eliz. Bagnall. I live but a little way from the prosecutrix; a month ago next Saturday, after she had lost her gown, she sent me about and at Mr. Pearcy's shop, a pawnbroker's in East Smithfield, the gown was lying on the counter; the prisoner had been there with it, and was gone to fetch some body to prove that she did not steal it. Presently the prisoner came in, she was asked how she came by it? she said she bought it of a young woman, and gave four shillings for it I asked her, who that young woman was, she said she could not tell, she had never seen her before.
Q. How far is that pawnbrokers in East-Smithfield, from the prosecutrix's?
E. Bagnall. It is about a quarter of a mile distance. The pawnbroker took the prisoner up, and we took her before the justice.


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Pearcy, a pawnbroker. The woman at the bar brought this gown to our house.
Q. Did you know her before?
Jones. She used to come to our shop.
Q. How long have you known her?
Jones. I knew her about a month before that time.

Q. Did she tell you where she lived?
Jones. She said she lived in Cock-alley, that is almost opposite our house.
Q. When was it that she brought the gown?
Jones. That was on the 30th of May, about two o'clock.
Q. What did she want upon it?
Jones. She wanted fourteen shillings. My master stopped it on suspicion of being stolen, because she could not give any satisfactory answer how she came by it: first she said she bought it, then she said it was a country-woman's that lived in the Minories. Then my master sent me along with her to the Minories; when we came there, she said she had forgot the place where the woman lived; then I left her, and came back and found the other witness there; after that the prisoner came in again, and we stopped her, and carried her before justice Berry.
Q. Did she say what the woman's name was in the Minories.
Jones. She said her name was Jones.


                  Stephen 
                  Breade 
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar about two o'clock that day the prosecutrix lost the gown, go into her house, but I did not see her come out again; she was in the same cloaths she has on now, and I described her to the prosecutrix.
E. Bignall. I had heard him describe her before I went to the pawnbroker's, and when I saw the gown lying there, I asked if the woman was not dressed so and so, I was told she was, and when she returned I found her answer the description.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had made hay with the girl that brought me this gown. I had lent her four shillings. I never saw her till I met her with the gown on Tower-hill: I said, Madam, I am very glad I have met with you, pay me the four shillings you had of me, or I'll have you before the justice. She said, I have a gown to pawn, and if you will pawn it I'll pay you. I said, come along with me; said she, I am going to my brother's, and if you will meet me here in an hour's time, I'll wait for you. I took it to the gentleman, he said, where had you this gown? I told him; then I said I'll go and see for the girl; she did not tell me where she lived. By God Almighty I am as innocent of stealing it as the child unborn. I never stole a gown in my life time. If I was sure to die this moment, I'll take my sacrament of it, I never was within the woman's door. I am no more guilty of it than the gentlemen are, (looking towards the jury) God bless them. There is a just God.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


