





201. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Dodd 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               ripping and stealing 160 pounds weight of lead, value 16 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Isgrave 
                        




                     
                  , Esq
; fixed to a certain building called a soap-house, &c
            . Feb. 19
. ++


                  Zechariah 
                  Stevens 
               



            . The watchmen told me they had taken a man, last Saturday was se'nnight, in ripping and cutting of lead belonging to Mr. Isgrave, a tenant of mine; I attended the examination before Mr. Girdler, it was the prisoner at the bar; he was charged upon oath of two watchmen; he there confessed he did rip the lead and threw it down, but denied that he had any intention to take it away; the Justice asked him if he intended to do it in play; he said, yes.
Q. Did he own that any body was concerned with him?
Stevens. He said there was no body concerned but himself.
- Bagget. I am a watchman; about half an hour after four, last Saturday morning was se'nnight, I happened to be coming by the back-side of the soap-house, I heard something fail; I stopped, and my brother watchman came; I told him I suspected there was somebody robbing the place; we both got over into the place, there we saw a brass candlestick with a light in it on the ground, that was soon blowed out; there was a ladder against a beam on the inside the soap-house; we stood there about ten minutes, then came down a piece of lead, after that a hatchet; the prisoner came down the ladder, we started from behind the door, and took him; he lived in the neighbourhood; there were 160 pounds weight of the lead; we took the prisoner to the watch-house, and after that he was committed.
Mr. Weatherall. I went up the ladder about a quarter after five that morning, and found about ten feet of lead belonging to a gutter was cut away, and the other end of the gutter had twice the quantity cut off; that seemed to have been done before, by the appearance of the wood work.
Prisoner's defence.
I was lying there, I heard a noise in the soap-house, I went up the ladder to see who was doing the mischief; I did not cut the lead.


                  Richard 
                  Harwood 
               



            , who had known him a dozen years, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Cotteril 
               



             nine, 
               
                  John 
                  Harris 
               



             about seven, and 
               
                  Deborah 
                  Lamb 
               



            , who had lived fellow servant with him, gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
