






270, 271. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Matherinii 
                     Maraux 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Bartholomew 
                     Dartee 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat and waistcoat trimmed with gold, value 4 l. a cloth coat, value 10 s. a pair of cloth breeches, value 8 s. a pair of leather breeches, value 6 s. a gold laced hat, value 10 s. six pair of silk hose, value 30 s. three pair of cotton hose, value 6 s. three pair of thread hose, value 6 s. eight linen shirts, value 4 l. four linen shirts, value 15 s. a cotton waistcoat, value 6 s. a pair of cotton drawers, value 2 s. two swords, value 20 s. eight linen napkins, value 10 s. three linen handkerchiefs, value 10 s. four cotton handkerchiefs, value 5 s. a pair of stone shoe-buckles set in silver, value 20 s. and a pair of knee-buckles, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John Lewis 
                           Chevelier 
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Noon 
                     



, Dec. 27
. ++
The prisoners and prosecutor were foreigners, an interpreter was sworn.


                  John Lewis 
                  Chevelier 
               



            . I lodged at the house of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Noon 
               



            , the Robin Hood near Temple-bar


, and am a fencing-master
. The two prisoners are foreigners and destitute; I took a room for them in the same house, and used to go about among French people and get money for them, to send them into their own country. I went out and left them in my room, and when I returned I found my room stripped and they were gone. I lost all the things mentioned in the indictment (naming them) afterwards I found a coat, a pair of breeches, hat, cotton waistcoat, drawers, and buckles, at different pawnbrokers.
Mrs. Chevelier. I am wife to the prosecutor. I had had a quarrel with the ambassador's servant on Saturday the 27th of December, and there was a warrant, and I was carried before the Justice; when I returned, all the things mentioned in the indictment were gone, and the two prisoners also. I was afterwards sent for to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's; then I was ordered to go to Westminster to see the prisoners; I went and found them.
Q. Did you authorise the prisoners, or either of them, to take any of these things?
Mrs. Chevelier. No, I never did. When they were before the Justice, they confessed where some of the things were: some at Mr. Watson's and some at Mr. Govan's.


                  William 
                  Preston 
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Watson, a pawnbroker. On the 16th of January a woman came and said she came from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, and said she wanted all the goods pawned in the name of Dartee, and I delivered a waistcoat and four towels. I do not know who pledged them. (He produced the tickets with the name Dartee upon them, pledged the 27th of November.)


                  Adam 
                  Govan 
               



            . On the 27th of December the two prisoners (to the best of my knowledge) pledged a pair of stone shoe and knee-buckles set in silver to me for half a guinea; and about two months ago the prosecutor and his wife came to my house and told me there had been such things stole from them, and desired me to deliver them up, I told them I should be very ready to assist them, if they could prove they were stolen, and would prosecute. (Produced and deposed to.)
Maraux's defence.
I knew the prosecutor's wife in France, she was my mistress; she complained of her husband: using her ill, and wanted me to go to France with her; she said her husband beat her, and knocked her about every day; I took a waistcoat, a gold laced hat, a great coat, and other things, and raised three guineas and a half upon them; she wanted me to give her a bill for 12 l. if I would not have her appear against me.
Defence.
Mrs. Chevelier received the tickets for what they were pawned, and got them out again; she has often been to us in prison, and made proposals for us not to expose her; the turnkey knows it.
A turnkey sworn. I have seen the gentlewoman in Newgate with the prisoners, converting together in French several times.
Both 


               Guilty 39 s.
            




               T
            .
