





41. (M.) 
               
                  Anne, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Crispin 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of linen sheets, two shirts, one shift, five aprons, two copper pottage pots, a copper saucepan, a stew-pan, a tablecloth, and a pair of stays
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Norton 
                  




                
            , Oct. 29
. *


                  Sarah 
                  Norton 
               



            . My husband is named William. The prisoner ironed for me, I take in washing; I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, (naming them) and a great many other things; she has been robbing me these seven years; these things in the indictment were lost within the last twelve months; I have paid for things lost in that time upwards of 3 l. I have turned away servants and lodgers on the account of things, and never could find the thief till the prisoner confessed; she confessed to taking one sheet and a shirt before we took her, and after that she confessed to taking all the rest, but the sauce-pan, stew-pan, and stays; she owned she had sold one of the pottage pots.


                  Anne 
                  Breadenel 
               



             deposed to the prisoner's confession.


                  Anne 
                  Whitley 
               



             a pawnbrooker, deposed to the prisoner pawning a sheet with her.


                  John 
                  Clawson 
               



             a pawnbroker, (produced two shirts) which he took in of the prisoner, one Sept. 4, the other October 11.
S. Norton. These I had to wash when lost; I paid 13 s. for one, and 7 s. for the other.
Prisoner's defence.
I did carry out a pot and kettle, but I did intend to fetch them again; I went down on my knees, and asked Mrs. Norton's pardon; there has been a great many things lost, and she said they that were found out, should pay for all.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
