





353. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Proctor 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, val. 3 l. and one guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Amos 
                     Asquith 
                  




                
            , June 10
. ++


                  Amos 
                  Asquith 
               



            . Between twelve and one in the morning, on the 10th of June, I was waiting for a man that had been with me; but leaning against a side of a house I fell asleep, near St. Dunstan's Church, Fleetstreet


. I was awaked by the pulling of my watch out of my fob. The prisoner standing by me, and no body else near me, I said, Good woman, you have got my watch. She said she had not seen me. I felt in her bosom and felt a watch. I desired her to give it me, but she would not. I offered her a guinea to give it me. She snatched it out of my hand, and would not return either. Some company coming up, I saw her give the guinea to a man. I called the watch, and gave charge of the man and the prisoner, who were both carried to the watch-house. Before my Lord Mayor she denied all. The man was acquitted there. I am certain I had my watch in my pocket before I fell asleep.


                  John Peter 
                  Risar 
               



            . I was coming along Fleet-street; between twelve and one that night; I found this watch between Shoe-lane end and Fleet-market. (Produced in Court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.) Before my Lord Mayor she owned she gave the watch to one Powe.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was coming down Fleetstreet, the man asked me if he should come with me, and because I would not let him, he said he had lost his watch, and had me taken to the watch-house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
