





302. (L) 
               
                  Anne, wife
 of Joseph Clark


            , was indicted for 


               stealing four linen gowns, two silk gowns, a silk petticoat, and two dimity petticoats, in all to the amount of 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  de Caasto 
               




            , May 15
. +
Daniel de Caasto. The prisoner was my servant
. On the 15th of last May at night, she went up to go to bed; she called out the staple of her door was broke; I went and looked, and found the staple was quite out; there was a trunk my property in her room; I had it brought into my chamber, thinking it not secure as the staple was out; I examined it, and found the things mentioned in the indictment were missing; the hinges of the trunk were taken off.
Q. Did you find it locked or open?
Caasto. I found it locked; I called and told her I missed four linen gowns, two silk ones, a silk petticoat, and two dimity ones; I said, I beg if you have concealed them in any place, or pawned them, I will not prosecute you if will confess; she went down on her knees, and said, she knew nothing of them; I said, I would charge a constable with her; she said, so I might; I sent for one; when he came, both he and I begged of her to declare the truth; she would not, and went on her knees again, and swore she knew nothing of them; I then charged the constable with her on suspicion of the robbery, and she was carried to the Compter. The next morning the constable came and told me he had all my things; then I went and took her before my Lord Mayor; there she owned she had taken them, and said she was sorry for it.
Thomas Street. I am a constable I had charge of the prisoner. One of our watchmen came about four o'clock in the morning, and said there were some things lodged in a room, over the room he lodged in; I went there, and found all the things mentioned; I carried her to the Compter, and the next morning she owned she had taken them, and said she was not the first that had been guilty of felony.


                  Sarah 
                  Sparks 
               



            . The prisoner is a countrywoman of mine, from Woolverhampton in Staffordshire; she told me she was coming out of her place; she brought these things when I was not at home, and left them in the watchman's room, named Ford, and when I came home I took them into my room.


                  Walter 
                  Ford 
               



             I am a watchman belonging to Aldgate ward; when I came home that morning, I was informed there were some things left in my room for this last witness; when she came home, my wife bid her take them into her room; hearing of this affair, I 1mentioned the things to the constable.
Prisoner's defence.
I have had so much trouble with my husband, that I am hardly sensible of what I do; he uses me very ill.
To her character.


                  Mary 
                  Delare 
               



            . The prisoner lived with my mother very near twelve months; she went from our service about half a year ago; she was a very honest sober person.
Q. Where did she marry from?
M. Delare. I do not know.


                  Matthias 
                  Marshall 
               



            . I have known her 14 years.
Q. Is she a married woman?
Marshall. She has been married about five or six months I believe.

Q. What is her husband?
Marshall. He is a seafaring man; I never saw him but once, that was the day he married her.
Q. Do you live near her?
Marshall. I do.
Q. Do you know any thing of his ill treating her?
Marshall. No, I do not; she sometimes is very foolish.
Q. In what?
Marshall. In regard to her speeches, in not knowing what she is going about.
Q. Where do you live?
Marshall. I live in Cock-lane, Shoreditch; she lived in the same place when she was out of place.
Q. How long has the prisoner ever lived there at a time?
Marshall. She has lived there a week or a fortnight at a time, and she was in my apartment at times; she lived chiefly at public-houses.
Q. If she had wanted money, should you have been willing to lend her any?
Marshall. I cannot say whether I should or not.
Q. Why, for what reason?
Marshall. Because it was not in her power to have paid me again.
Q. Have you no other reason?
Marshall. No.
Q. to prosecutor. Did she come to you as a married woman?
Prosecutor. She told me she was married?
Q. Did you trust her in common about your house, how was she as to understanding?
Prosecutor. She had the care of a child four or five months old, and took a great deal of care of it.
Q. How long did she live at your house?
Prosecutor. About two months and a half.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
