





151. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Bannister 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that he on 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Crumholt 
                        



                      
                   did make an assault, on the king's highway, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and violently taking from his person three linen shirts, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           King 
                        



                      
                  , and one linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Arnold 
                  



                
            , December 22
. *


                  Joseph 
                  Crumholt 
               



             being but ten years of age, could not be examined.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I am mother to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Crumholt 
               



            . I delivered three linen shirts, tied up in a handkerchief of mine, to carry to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  King 
               



            , on the 22d of December, about half an hour after two in the afternoon; they were Mr. King's property: I had them to make for him: my daughter and I had made them.
Q. Where does Mr. King live?
E. Arnold. He lives in 'Change-court, Exeter 'Change.
Q. What is your husband's name?
E. Arnold. His name is Christopher. About four that afternoon my child came home again, and told me the shirts were taken from him, and he had been to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's to give information of it. Then I went with him again to Sir John's, and was informed, that a warrant was granted against the prisoner. I came home, and was sent for again: I and my child went: we went with a constable to the prisoner's lodging, between five and six.
Q. Did you know him before?
E. Arnold. No, I did not.
Q. Where did he lodge?
E. Arnold. On Saffron-hill: there we found two of the shirts lying on a chair. I saw the prisoner searched at a public house, and my handkerchief was found upon him. (Produced, and deposed to by a couple of darns on it.)
Cross Examination.
Q. Are there any marks on the shirts?
E. Arnold. There are not.
Q. Then what do you know them by?
E. Arnold. There are two damaged places on them; one I darned up myself, and that on the other shirt still continues a hole. She shewed the places on each.


                  John 
                  Adams 
               



            . I saw the prisoner searched at the Blakeney's Head, near Justice Fielding's, on the 22d of December. Mr. Stevens, the constable, gave me charge of him, while he went to search his lodgings. He came back, and said they had found the shirts: then the woman asked if they had found a handkerchief: then we searched him, and I saw the handkerchief taken out of his breeches from behind him: she said, if it was her handkerchief, there was a darn about the middle of it: she took and shewed the place.
Mr. Stevenson. I took up the prisoner at Miss Conoway's, on Saffron-hill, where I was informed he lodged, with a warrant, for breaking a woman's windows. When I brought him to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, the boy that had lost the things was there to acquaint Sir John of it. He said, This is the man that robbed me, as soon as he saw him. After that Mrs. Arnold came, and Sir John sent me with her to search the prisoner's lodging: we found two shirts lying in a chair, and the maid of the house owned she had pawned the other for the prisoner, and directed us, where we found it.


                  Mary 
                  Tagg 
               



            . I live with Mrs. Conoway, on Saffron-hill: the prisoner brought these three shirts tied up in a handkerchief, and asked me to go and pawn one of them: he said they were his own.
Q. What day did he bring them home on?
M. Tagg. It was on Saturday, the 22d of December.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
