





527. (M) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Beddis 
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing nine linen shirts, value 18 s. two linen table-cloths, value two shillings, a pair of linen sheets, value 6 s. a linen jack towel, value 6 d. and three other towels
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Webb 
                  




                
            , August 16
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Palmer 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Webb, at the corner of the Old Change. I delivered the linen ( mentioning them) to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hawkins 
               



            , a lad to carry to be washed.


                  Thomas 
                  Hawkins 
               



            . I am going into eleven year of age. My mother takes in washing, she lives in Bolton-street. She sent me for this linen, and Mr. Palmer delivered the bundle to me in St. Paul's church-yard. I believe it is about a week ago. About eleven, or half an hour after, in the morning, I brought it as far as Middle-row, Holborn I was standing to look at an image, about as tall as myself, at a mug shop, and the prisoner asked me whether that was not a pretty image. She went on a little farther, and said she would give me a pear: she took one out, and gave it me. I went a little farther, and she was going to give me a penny, but she gave me but a halfpenny. When I came a little farther, she took hold of my bundle, and said, I'll carry your bundle a little way for you. I gave it to her. She carried it as far as Great Turnstile. She went through it, and said her father lived at that painted house. As she went on, she asked whether my mother took in washing. I said, Yes. She said my mother did not wash her linen well enough to please her, because she starched the things. She got as far as Lincoln's-Inn


, then she said her father lived at one of them houses. Then she gave me a penny, and sent me up to No. 10, to ask for Mr. Range. I went up and asked for Mr. Range. There was no such man there. When I came back again, she and the bundle was gone: I fell a crying, and people asked what I cried for; then they brought me home to my mother. I saw the prisoner after this in Bridewell. I knew her very well again.


                  Thomas 
                  Hawkins 
               



            , senior. I am father to the boy. I was at Barnet at the time the thing happened. When I came home, they told me of it. The first thing I did, was to take the boy to Bridewell, to let him see the prisoner, who I was told was there. When he saw her, he said he knew her very well.


                  Thomas 
                  Clay 
               



            . I was sent for by Mr. Clay, the high constable, and was told there was a person in his house taken upon suspicion of taking these things from a child. I took her to Bridewell. It was the prisoner. The bundle was delivered to me. (He mentioned the particulars, as in the indictment. Produced in court.) As soon as the mittimus was made out, the washer woman came and owned the bundle.
Mrs. Palmer. This is the linen which I delivered to the boy.
Prisoner's Defence.
On the 16th of August, I lodged in Catherine-Wheel-alley. Going to see my aunt, a woman met me, and said, My dear, where are you going? I told her. Said she, Can't you go another way? I said Yes. I am going to another of my aunts in Westminster. Said she, I am going that way. Then she said, Go to the Golden Cross, and I shall be at your heels as soon as you. She desired me to carry this bundle. I was going with it, and facing the new church in the Strand, the woman was close to me, when a man came up and said, Whose bundle is this? I said, It is my own. He said, He believed it was not. Said I, There is the woman that gave it to me. She was gone away. The man said, If he had got hold of her first, I should have been cleared. He said, I do not care if the d - I gave them to you, I'll have it. He then took the bundle away, had me to Red-Lion-square, and called at many houses. Then he took me to Justice Girdler's, and he committed me.


                  Susannah 
                  Bidde 
               



            . I am mother to the prisoner. She is about nineteen years of age. She has behaved as honest and tender as any girl ever did till this affair. This has been the breaking of almost all our hearts.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
