





210. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Holt 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton gown, value 25 s. one silk cardinal, value 15 s. one pair of stuff shoes, value 2 s. one pair of pattens, one linen handkerchief, value 6 d. and one silk handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Oliver 
                  




                
            , January 25
. *


                  Mary 
                  Oliver 
               



            . My Husband's name is Thomas. The prisoner came and said she wanted a neighbour of mine that was not at home. I let her stay in my room: This was on the 24th of January. My neighbour not coming home, I let her stay all night in my room. I asked her where she came from, she said from Dulwich; I asked her if she knew any other person besides the woman she wanted to speak with; she said, no; she had no other acquaintance but the trunk-maker, the corner of St. Paul's. She said, the woman she wanted, owed the trunk-maker three guineas. She not resting in the night, said, she would get up and go to her cousin, and let him know of her; for, if the woman was to know that she was there, she would go away. She got up, and would not let me strike a light. She was a long time in dressing herself. I got up and let her out; and when I came to get up, I miss'd all the things mentioned in the indictment. (Naming them.) She said she would be back by the time I was up. I never saw her from that time, till I happened to meet her in Fenchurch-street, the Monday following. I said, How do you do, Madam? Said she, How do you do? You have got the advantage of me: I don't know you. Said I, you have got the advantage of me, I think. She then had my cardinal on, and my linen handkerchief round her neck, and her cardinal in my silk handkerchief, tied up. Said I, are not you ashamed to use me so for my good nature? She owned that she was guilty directly, and that she would go and shew me where my gown was. She said it was in the Borough. I went with her to where she said: It was not there. Then she took me to Tooley-street, and said the things were there. Then she brought me three times round Dock-head, and knocked at people's doors; and at last she said, she did not know where they were. She said, if I would not meddle with her, she would walk all the way with me. I carried her to justice Fielding's without a warrant. There she told Sir 
               
                  John
               


             the gown was at Deptford. I went the day following, but could not find it.
Prisoner's Defence.
It is the first fault, I hope the court will be merciful.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
