





89. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Minty 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three 36 s. pieces, two moidores, one guinea, and one half guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rowsam 
                  




                
            , Jan. 1
. ||


                  John 
                  Rowsam 
               



            . On New Year's-day, in the evening, I went in at the Noah's Ark, Dyot-street, St. Giles's; the prisoner asked me to treat her: I told her I would give her a pint of purl. She told me there was good lodgings at 
               
                  John 
                  Atwood 
               



            's in Church-lane


, I was a little merry, I went along with her, there the prisoner lodged. When I went up into the room another servant in the house came and asked for a shilling for my lodging; I gave it her, the prisoner was then in the room, and went to bed: I wrapped up my gold the same as mentioned in the indictment, (mentioning them) and put them under my head, the prisoner did not lie with me. In the morning I found my breeches were removed from the place, I examined them, and found the pockets had been rifled. I had some silver and halfpence and my watch left. I made a great bustle in the house in the morning. Some of the girls asked me if I had any of the mince-pies; I said I had: they said the girl whom they call Fat Moll had distributed them: she was missing. The landlord swore he would find her, and on the Saturday following she was found in King's-street, Westminster, and carried before Justice Welch, and from thence to the round-house, where she confessed she had taken three 36 s. pieces, two moidores, a guinea and a half.


                  Terence
               


             M'Ginnis. I am constable: on the 4th of this instant the prosecutor came and told me he had been robbed on the Wednesday night before, at a bad house in St. Giles's, at Atwood's in Church-lane. I went there, Atwood was in bed at one o'clock: I made him get up, and said if he did not find the girl he should go to the Gatehouse. Then he bustled about and found the prisoner at the Noah's Ark, dressed in a new cloak, and other new things. She was examined and owned she had taken 9 l. 13 s. 6 d. and mentioned the particular pieces of money, and mentioned the particular manner in which she took them, she said she thought to go to bed to him, and the toe of her shoe hit against the money in a paper, and she took it up.
Prisoner's defence.
I was standing at the Noah's Ark door, the gentleman came by about half an hour after 12, he asked me if I would go in and have any thing to drink, they would not make any purl, their fire was out, he had nothing to drink but came out again; then he asked me where he might lodge, I told him he might lodge in the room where I lay; he went there and gave a shilling for the bed; there are many people go up into that room, any body that will give 3 d. may go up; there are three beds in the room. I found the money on the ground.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
