





183. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Roger 
                     Allen 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 2 wooden laders, value 5 s. one screen made of iron and wood, value 5 s. and 6 d. and 6 boards, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Gregory 
                  




                
            , May 2
. +

Hen. Gregory. I live in Half-moon-street, Hide Park Corner, and am a bricklayer
; last thursday I miss'd the things mentioned in the indictment from out of a cellar in St. Giles's


, which I rent for the use of my things, which I use in doing business for a gentlewoman that lives near that place.
Q. When had you seen them last?
Gregory. I had not been in that place for 5 or 6 weeks before.
Q. Did you ever find them, or any of them again?
Gregory. I found them all again last Saturday at one 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Graham 
               



            's, who keeps a broker's shop near that cellar.
Q. How do you know them to be your property?
Gregory. Some of them had my father's mark upon them; the screen had, they had shav'd one of the ladders all over, but I know that by my often using it: three of the scaffolding boards were mark'd with J. G. my father's name.
Q. Was you at the justice's on the examination of the prisoner?
Gregory. I was; and was told by a labourer, that he had seen the prisoner take the things out of that cellar, and carry them to the broker's; then I went with a constable and found the things; then I went to the justice's again; the prisoner denied it a great while. Mr. Welsh ask'd him how he cou'd so stiffly deny it, seeing it was so plainly made out against him; then he held down his head, and said nothing.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Gregory. He was my servant, but I had discharg'd him about 6 weeks before; he is a bricklayer.


                  Thomas 
                  Riley 
               



            . I live in Wild- street, Bloomsbury, Mr. Gregory rents a room of me to keep his ladders and things in. About a fortnight ago last friday, the prisoner at the bar put out 2 ladders, a screen, and some scaffolding boards from that room. I said to him, what was Mr. Gregory going to do a small jobb.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Riley. This was about 11 o'clock in the day, he said he put them out by Mr. Gregory's order.
Q. How many scaffolding boards were there?
Riley. I think there were six; he carry'd them away, and as I found afterwards sold them.
Q. How came you to think they were at Graham's?
Riley. Mr. Graham owns to it.


                  Patrick 
                  Graham 
               



            . I live in the Broad-way, St. Giles's; the prisoner at the bar brought 2 ladders, a screen, and some boards; I cannot tell how many, to my house, and I bought them of him.
Q. When?
Graham. I can't tell the day of the week, nor month neither. The prosecutor came, and he claimed more boards than were his own; and that ladder that I shaved, I had it from about a week or fortnight after Easter.
Q. What did you give the prisoner for the whole of what he brought?
Graham. I compute it at about 11 shillings, he brought them all at one time, and I made no scruple but they were his own property; he ask'd me if I wou'd buy such things, saying, they were his own, he had been in business for himself, but was reduc'd.
Prisoner's defence.
I serv'd Mr. 
               
                  Gregory
               


             a good while, I believe for 3 quarters of a year on and off; as for these things, they were my own property; if there were any marks upon them I know nothing of it. No man never charg'd me with any thing of this sort in the world before; I have work'd for the Speaker of the House of Commons, my Lord Bathurst, and several others.
He call'd 
               
                  John 
                  Drawater 
               



            , who had known him 17 or 18 years. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Pemberton 
               



             between 7 and 8 years. And 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



             about 7, who all gave him that of a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


