





144. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Turner 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of worsted hose, value 12 d. one linen shirt, value 6 d. a linen apron, value 3 d. a linen handkerchief, value 4 d. and 14 s. in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Riddle 
                  




                
            , Jan. 17
. ||


                  David 
                  Riddle 
               



            . I keep a small chandler's shop
 in Kingsland road


; the prisoner was my servant
; I found my circumstances decline, and every Saturday I could not pay the baker; I had a suspicion the maid was not honest; my wife and I concluded to let her take the charge of the bread money, to keep to pay the baker; she took the money, and had a proper place to lock it up; when Saturday night came for the baker to be paid, she went off, and took the money with her; after she was gone, we looked about, and my wife missed an apron, a pair of hose, a shift, and a handkerchief; we took her up in about a fortnight after, and charged her with taking the money; and when she came before the Justice, she owned she had taken the apron, shift, stockings, and handkerchief, and had pawned them to Mr. Cox, and told us what money she had had upon them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Riddle 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; we sunk in our substance daily, and my husband insisted upon her taking and being accountable for the bread money on every Saturday morning to pay the baker, on the Saturday morning she was missing; I took a nail and pushed back the bolt of the lock, and found the money was gone; then I looked about, and missed the other things my husband has mentioned.
Q. When was this?
E. Riddle. This was the 17th of January; after this one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Collins 
               



            , told me, there was some of my things in pawn, which the prisoner had sent her with; the prisoner was taken, and before the Justice, she denied taking the things, and owned to only the money at first; I told her I was informed the child's shift was in pawn at Mr. Cox's; she told me the handkerchief and shift lay there in her name; as to the apron and stockings, I had given the money to Collins to fetch them out. Upon the prisoner's being asked, she acknowledged she sent Collins with them; they were at Cox's in her name also.
Q. Is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Collins 
               



             here?
E. Riddle. No, she is not.
Prisoner's defence.
I leave it to the mercy of the court.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
