





422. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Dean 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing thirty-five yards of linen cloth, value 24 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Williams 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Clement 
                     Bellamy 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Williams 
                  



                
            , July 30
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Wade 
               



            . I am a lamp-lighter; about the latter end of July I was lighting lamps opposite Mr. Bellamy's shop, at the corner of Charlotte-row


; I saw the prisoner cross the street from my ladder, and go into Mr. Bellamy's shop, and take a piece of cloth and put it under his arm, and go away with it up the Poultry; the clock struck five as I was running down my ladder; I went to the shop, and knocked with my heel, and one of the clerks came out; I told him what I had seen; he went with me, we followed the prisoner, I laid hold of him, and said you took that piece of cloth from a shop below; he said it was a d - d lye; we carried him to the Compter for that night, and the next day he was examined and committed.


                  John 
                  Waldron 
               



            . The lamp-lighter came and informed me of this; we went and took the prisoner just above Grocer's-alley, with the cloth upon him; I delivered the piece of cloth to 
               
                  John 
                  Roberts 
               



             the porter, he put his mark upon it (the cloth produced.)


                  John 
                  Roberts 
               



            . Here is my mark, J. R. which I put upon it so as to know it again; it is the property of Messrs. Williams and Bellamy.
Prisoner's defence.
Coming from Whitechapel, as I crossed by the Mansion-house, a man stept up to me, and said, shipmate, where are you bound; he asked me to carry that linen to Holbourn; I took it, and they came and took it from me.
He called 
               
                  John 
                  Henry 
               



            , 
               
                  Philip 
                  Borough 
               



            , and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Gay 
               



            , who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
