







416, 417. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Healey 
                  , otherwise 
Keeley




            , was indicted for 


               stealing twelve silver table spoons, value 6 l. seven silver-handle forks, value 3 l. six silver-handle knives, value 3 l. one shagreen case for knives, and one marrow spoon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Mayo 
                  



                
            , Esq
; July 12


. and 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Boyd , otherwise 
Nangle




            , spinster
, for 


               receiving three of the said knives, and one silver fork, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , July 13


. +


                  Michael 
                  Mayo 
               



            , Esq; On the 12th of July last, I lost the plate and case mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them). I had used them the day before at dinner; after that I was sent for before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , on the 13th or 15th; the plate was produced there, except one table spoon.
Q. What is the value of the plate?
Prosecutor. It was worth twelve or fourteen pounds: there were three prisoners then before Sir John, in irons; there was the prisoner Keeley; it was Keeley that came to my house to let me know my plate was found: at first he said, D - n his eyes, I did not deserve to have my plate again; and if he got loose again, he would rob me again. I gave him a shilling, as he seem'd distress'd; after which he said, D - n his eyes if he would rob me.
Q. from Keeley. Did you not say I had a right to the reward?
Prosecutor. No, I did not; I did not know who was intitled to that: I was told he had been discharged out of custody but the Thursday before.


                  Eleanor 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I have known Keeley ever since Christmas last. On the day before last sessions ended, he came to me about four in the morning, and call'd me out of bed; it was on a Friday; he lodged in the same house where I did; he desired me to go out with him to rob, or get any thing we could. I went out with him; he went into a gentleman's house in Bedford Row, where the door stood a jar, and brought out two glass cruets, with silver tops; this was between seven and eight o'clock; he gave them to me; then he went back again to a corner house, and brought out a knife case, with twelve table spoons, six forks and six knives, and a marrow spoon.
Q. How did he get into that house?
E. Morgan. He said the door was a jar; it was in the same street; he gave them to me; we brought them home, and went into an empty house, and looked at them, and found them to be all silver.
Q. to Prosecutor. Where is your house?
Prosecutor. My house is at the corner ofLittle James-street, by the chapel, Bedford Row.
E. Morgan. We went down to 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Boyd 
               



            ; she looked at them; she lodged in the same house; we asked her if she knew any body would buy the things; she said she knew a Jew that lived by Clarkenwell Bridewell, that would buy any thing in the world: she was to have her share; so we divided them. The boy had six forks and the marrow spoon. Boyd had six spoons and three knives, and I had the same. I was afraid to go to sell them, so they both went: they came home again, and said they could not meet with the Jew, but that they had sold the two silver tops of the cruets: he went out again and committed another robbery: this was on the Friday, and on the Saturday he was taken up: there was nothing found in the house where I live, but the two glass cruets; the other things were found with 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Boyd 
               



            . After I was admitted an evidence, I delivered my share up, by showing them the place in a ditch in the fields where I had hid them: Boyd went away when she found the Constables were after her.
Keeley. This woman goes by the name of Morgan; I was evidence against her and her husband; her name is Farrell. See No. 337. in this Mayoralty.
Morgan. I never was married to Farrell: This boy lived by himself, and used to go out every day a robbing.
Keeley. this woman is the greatest rogue that ever existed.

Q. Do you lodge in the same room that Keeley does?
Morgan. No; I lodge in the room over his head.
Q. Does any body lodge in the room that he does?
Morgan. It is a common lodging-house; several people lie in the same room.
Q. from Keeley. What time did I lodge there?
Morgan. About Christmas.
Keeley. I worked at periwing making then.
Morgan. Keeley and I lodged at two places in St. Giles's: he was cleared here on the Thursday, and he came to lodge where I did at night, and did this robbery the next day, being Friday: this was at the last place we lodged in. (The goods found produced in court.)
Morgan. These are the same spoons, knives, and forks, that the prisoner Keeley brought out of the house in Bedford Row to me; I know them by the crests upon them.
Boyd. I was evidence against Keeley; is it likely I would go to sell these things for him? Morgan, Keeley, and I, delivered them to Boyd.


                  John 
                  Hyde 
               



            . I was going through St. Giles's, and met 
               
                  Edward 
                  Wright 
               



            , that belongs to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; he said he was going after the evidence's husband, and the husband of Boyd; Keeley was with him: this was on a Saturday in July, I think: he said he had an account of this plate from Keeley and another man; he desired me to go after the two women, Morgan and Boyd; I went into the fields; there I saw Morgan; Keeley went with me: I ask'd her if she had any plate to sell; she said she had: I said. Let me see it; she said she had not got it with her, but the other woman (meaning Boyd) was gone home with it. When she would not tell me where it was, I said, You must go along with me: I took her with me; then I and another man went and search'd Boyd's lodgings, but found nothing there. After Morgan had been admitted evidence, we ask'd her where the plate was; she told Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , that she had hid her share in a ditch: I went with her into the Long Fields; she took up some earth, and took out six table-spoons and three knives: these are the same (taking up some from the rest).
Q. from Keeley. Did I not bid you go up to the woman, and ask her if she would sell the plate?
Hyde. Yes, he did; and he mentioned Boyd too.


                  William 
                  Barkerthe 
               



             elder. I lodge in Newtener's Lane; we were at dinner on a Saturday; Boyd came running into our room (I had never seen her before), and cry'd, For God's sake save me, help me, for there are thieves and robbers after me: she got under my bed: Mr. Haliburton and another man came up after her; they said I had got a thief in my room; I said, Then for God's sake take her out; I held up my bed while they took her out. After they were gone, I bid my little boy go and see if any thing was left; he went, and under the bed found five silver spoons three silver-handled knives, and one fork; then I and my boy went to Justice Fielding as fast as we could; she was there; I delivered them into the Justice's hand; she owned she left them there.


                  William 
                  Barker 
               



             the younger confirmed the evidence of his father; with this addition, That he found the plate between the bed and the sacking, tied up in an old rag with a garter.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Maroah 
               



            , who was at dinner with the father and son at the time, confirmed the account they had given.


                  William 
                  Haliburton 
               



            . On the Saturday of the last sessions I was at Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            'soffice; there was a man, named Farrell, who goes for the husband of the evidence Morgan, and the prisoner Boyd's husband: I went with Wright to their lodgings in St. Giles's, facing the church; the women were not at home; then we went into the fields; two went one way, and two another. Before we got to the back of Montague house, I saw Hyde had got Morgan in custody; then we came all together, and search'd their lodgings; we found two glass casters without tops: we were afterwards informed Boyd went down Holbourn; we suspected she might be about Newtoner's Lane: we went there; Keeley was with us all the time: we were informed Boyd was seen to go into a house, and up stairs; it is the house where Barker lodges; there are two doors to it: I stood at one door, and Keeley and Gahaganwent in at the other: they had hardly got up upon the top of the stairs before they called me. Gahagan said he had found six forks and a marrow spoon between Boyd's shoulders, under her gown: I saw them, but did not see them taken from her. I said, Where is she? they said she was run up another pair of stairs: I went up two pair of stairs, and ask'd Barker if a woman was not come into his room; he said No, at first; but when I said she was a thief, he said, Then take her away. We took her before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and soon after there were five spoons, three knives, and a fork, brought there by Barker and his son; they said they found them in the bed.
Q. Who is that Gahagan?

Haliburton. He came along with Keeley (he is a bricklayer) when Keeley told Wright of the plate.
Q. from Keeley. Did I not go for the prosecutor?
Haliburton. Yes, I sent him; then I did not think he was the thief.


                  Edward 
                  Wright 
               



            . Gahagan came to me one morning about six o'clock, about the time of the last Old Bailey sessions: he said, Wright, I believe I can help you to something; there are some knives, forks, and spoons, that Farrell and Boyd have got in the coach yard, St. Giles's, in a shagreen case; and he knew where the gentleman they belonged to lived, and mentioned some Row; but what Row I cannot be particular in. We went in search of the people; presently came Keeley; we went together, and took two men, who were Farrell, and Boyd's husband. We met Hyde in the coal-yard; I told him of it; he went with us: we went two one way, and two another, in order to meet in the fields: the evidence Morgan was sitting by the side of a pond; I brought her along with me: we went to their lodgings, and search'd, but found only two glass cruets, which Boyd and Morgan afterwards acknowledged they had sold the silver tops belonging to them.
Q. from Keeley. Did I not do all I could to take the persons?
Wright. The boy took a great deal of pains that morning in order to find out the things and thieves; he was the means of all being taken up: we were to follow his steps: he said, Go along with me, and I'll be bound to have all concern'd in the robbery.
Q. Did he say how he came to know of the things being stolen?
Wright. No, he did not.
Q. Did you ask Gahagan. or the boy Keeley, how they came to know how the things came to be stolen?
Wright. No.
Q. Was Keeley by when Gahagan said he believed he knew the gentleman that they belong to?
Wright. No, I think he was not then come.
Keeley's Defence.
On the Friday night Morgan and her husband, and another man and a woman, were eating beef and potatoes at their lodgings in St. Giles's: Morgan's husband, nam'd Farrell, was very ragged: I said, What have you been doing all this while? O, said he, I will not be so ragged tomorrow, for we have got a very good booty this week. Said I, Will you let me look at it? No, said he, I cannot do that. He brought it in about half an hour to let me see it: she was with him: there were table-spoons, knives, and forks. Said they, 
               
                  Judith 
                  Coffe 
               



            , that used to buy things of them, and sell them, would not help them. (See Coffee tried with Farrell and his wife, No. 338. in this Mayoralty). Said I, I know a person since I was in New Prison that would buy of any body in the world: they all consented to go into the fields the next morning, and I was to bring the man to buy them: I went and told Mr. Wright of this, for him to get somebody to buy them, and by that means we should get them all. I said, The man must pretend to be a buyer of old cloaths, and call himself a Jew: so he got Mr. Hyde to go with me on that account. When Mr. Hyde came up to Morgan, he took out six or eight guineas, and said, Where is the plate? then she said, This woman (pointing to Boyd) had it. After that, Morgan cleared her own husband, and said I stole the plate. She had no way to come off but by swearing falsely against somebody or other. I am between thirteen and fourteen years of age.
Boyd's Defence.
I know nothing of this plate. Gahagan, and Farrell and his wife, had words with me, and he came at one o'clock with a drawn knife to take me out of bed: I ran to hide myself from these men: the people ask'd me what was the matter; I said it was a thief going to have me taken with a parcel of constables: he bid me come in and hide myself here: I went in, and got under his bed: the men came, and said, She is a thief: they took me out, and search'd the room, and Gahagan searched with them; and when I was before the Justices, Gahagan was very uneasy: he went back to search the room, and came again with the little boy: they brought in the things, and said they got them in the room.
Q. to Morgan. When did you hide your share in the ditch?
Morgan. I hid it that very Saturday.
Both 

               Acquitted
            .
See Boyd tried, No. 165. in this Mayoralty.
(M.) 
               
                  William 
                  Healey 
               



            , otherwise Keeley, was a second time indicted for 


               stealing two glass cruets, with their silver tops, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Heron 
                  



                
            , July 12


. ++



                  Jane 
                  Melon 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Heron 
               



             (she produced a stand with all the glass casters in it but two): the two casters wanting here were taken away; I cannot tell the day of the month; it was two months ago last Friday, when I went out one morning for water: they had silver tops to them.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Parker 
               



            . I was serving my customers with milk: on a Friday, about eight or nine weeks ago, about eight in the morning. I saw the prisoner Keeley go twice in, and come twice out of the house of Mr. Heron, at the top of Milner-street, in a court.
Q. Did you see him bring any thing out?
E. Parker. No, I did not.
Q. to Melon. Is your master's house in that court?
J. Melon. It is ( two glass casters produced): these are my master's property, which were lost out of this stand. (They fitted the frame, and corresponded with the wrought work on the other glasses).
Q. When did you see them before they were missing?
J. Melon. I saw them the night before they were missing: the next morning I had put them in their places myself.
Q. What is the name of the court where your master lives?
J. Melon. It is called Bragdell Court.
Q. to E. Parker. Did you see any body at the door?
E. Parker. No, I did not; he went out and turn'd up at the end of the street, and then returned and came in again.
Prisoner to Melon. In what way did you leave your house when you went out for water?
J. Melon. I thought I left it fast.
Q. When you came back, how did you find the door?
J. Melon. Then I found it a jar.
Q. Are you sure you left it fast when you went out?
J. Melon. I am not sure I did.
Q. Do you remember your meeting this milk-woman?
J. Melon. I do, when I was bringing the pails of water home.
Q. Did you take notice of the time the gentleman by you lost his plate?
J. Melon. I do, and know it was the same morning.
Q. How far is your house from his house?
J. Melon. It is but three or four doors from his house.
Q. Do you know the gentleman's name?
J. Melon. His name is Mayor.
Q. to Parker. Do you know any thing of Mr. Mayo's plate being lost?
E. Parker. No, I do not.
Q. to Melon. What time was your plate gone?
J. Melon. I and my mistress miss'd the plate a little after eight.


                  Edward 
                  Wright 
               



            . In over hauling the beds to look for Mr. Mayo's plate, we found these cruets.
Prisoner. I was along with him, assisting him.
Wright. He found them. and I took them from him.
Q. to Wright. Where did you find them?
Wright. I found them in the house that Farrell and these people lodge: there were two or three beds in the room, in a one pair-of-stairs room.
Prisoner. They were found in Farrell's bed.
Prisoner's Defence.
'Squire Mayo was by when some people said there had been two robberies about here: I said, What size are the two cruets? having heard them mentioned, I went to the house, and ask'd about them; I said, I thought I could help them to them, saying. I had heard of such things. It was Mrs. Mayo that sent me to the prosecutor's house; I never was in the house before that.


                  William 
                  Haliburton 
               



            . On the Saturday, about one or two o'clock, I sent the prisoner to Mr. Mayo's house, to give him an account his plate was found, and to desire him to come to Justice Fielding. I did not know who the cruets belonged to.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried by the name of Kelley, No. 355. in this Mayoralty, on four indictments, and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Boyd 
               



             an evidence against him.
