





118. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s. one silver watch chain, value 2 s. and one glass seal, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Anthony 
                           Andrews 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , April 4
. +


                  Anthony 
                  Andrews 
               



            . I had been at a lecture: as I came out from St. Dunstan's church


 last Sunday was fortnight between eight and nine at night, four men hustled me in betwixt them; I found my watch jerk'd out of my pocket; I put my hand down and found it gone. Who took it out I cannot say; upon seeing the prisoner move off as fast as he could, I followed him.
Q. Was he one of the four that you mention?
Andrews. No, he was not: he found I followed him, and he dodged me, and turned between the coaches; after that he ran down Fleet-street as fast as he could; I ran after him, calling out stop thief: he was stopped at the corner of Fetter-lane; when I came to him two men asked me, what I had lost? I said, my watch. The prisoner said, is it your watch? I said, yes. He had it in his hand, and gave it me immediately [produced in court, and deposed to]; he begged of me to let him go.



                  Joseph 
                  Brown 
               



            . I had been at the lecture at St. Dunstan's that evening: I heard the cry stop thief, and saw the prisoner running. I stopped him near Fetter-lane. Mr. Andrews came up, and said he had lost his watch. The prisoner said, is it yours, sir? Yes, said he; then he immediately gave it him. I and another person held him till a constable was fetched; he was taken to Bridewell that night. The next day before the sitting alderman he said necessity drove him to it.


                  William 
                  Bodington 
               



            . I am constable. A young man came to my house, and told me there was a person taken into custody for stealing a watch. I went, and took him to Bridewell. I said to the prisoner, it is a strange thing you cannot be honest; how came you to take this watch? He said, he did take it, but it was the first time he had ever been guilty of any such thing.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming by St. Dunstan's Church. There were a great many people coming out of church. I could not get past; I turned back again. When I came out of the mob, I found the watch hanging by my button; it knocked against my thigh. I was obliged to go by the coaches, and run as fast as I could. The gentleman called stop thief. I had the watch in my hand, and said to him, is it yours? He said, it was; so I immediately gave it him.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            . 


               T
            .
