





103. (M.) 
               
                  Ann, wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hewet 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Randall 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , Dec. 3
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Randall 
               



            . I was going out to get my supper about nine o'clock at night.
Q. What are you?
Randall. I am a servant
 to Mr. Wells in Piccadilly, who is a painter and glasier. The small-pox was in our family, and I never had it, so I had my victuals out of the house. I had my watch in my pocket, and the prisoner at the bar came and sat down by me when I was in the publick house.
Q. Where was this?
Randall. At the George in Piccadilly.
Q. Did you work in your master's house, and go out to eat your victuals?
Randall. No, I was at work in the Strand. After I went out of the publick house the prisoner at the bar followed me, and desired me to go along with her.
Q. To go where?
Randall. I do not know the name of the place, but she carried me up a court.
Q. What happened there?
Randall. Nothing at all.
Q. Did any thing happen to your watch?
Randall. Yes, the prisoner took it out of my pocket, and ran away directly.
Q. When was she taken?
Randall. I never set eyes on her till about a month afterwards, when she came into the neighbourhood again.
Q. How old are you?
Randall. I am nineteen years old.
Q. What conversation past between you in the court?
Randall. She asked me whether I would give her any thing to go with her. I told her I had nothing to give her. I took her before justice Cox, and gave the same account to him as I do here. She would not own that she knew any thing of my watch or me either. but when she was going to Bridewell she confessed to the constable she had taken my watch, told where she had pawned it, and it was found accordingly.


                  John 
                  Fear 
               



            . There came a boy to me, and said, there was a woman that was a thief, at such a house.
Q. Was it this lad, the prosecutor?
Fear. No, it was another lad. I said you must get a warrant to take her. He said she would be gone away before they could get one. I went with him to the Castle, in Swallow-Street, took the prisoner in custody, put her into the watch-house, and in the morning I carried her before justice Cox, who committed her to hard labour for ten days in Bridewell. The prisoner said, I had rather go to Newgate than to Bridewell, for they lie there on boards; and as we were going together in the coach, she said that this lad was going to be concerned with her, that he had no money, but gave her his handkerchief, and that she pretended somebody was coming, whip'd out his watch and ran away with it, and told me she had pawn'd it for 30 s. at a house behind the New-Church in the Strand, but could not tell the people's name. I went and told the boy's master of it, who went with me to justice Cox, and from thence to the pawnbroker's, and there found the watch, pawn'd in the name of Thomas and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hewet 
               



            , as she had said; the boy had before described it.
Q. How did he describe it?
Fear. He said it had a copper pendant; it was pawn'd, as she had said, for 30 s


                  John 
                  Fryers 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 4th of December last the prisoner at the bar pledged a watch with me for 30 s. (Produced in court.)
Prosecutor. This is my watch, and the same I lost, as I have mentioned.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all about the affair.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


