








197. 198. (M) 
               

                              John 
                              Calyhan 
                           



                         
                     , and Ann, his wife





            , were indicted for 


               stealing one muslin apron, value 2 s. one pair of shoes, value 4 s. one silk cardinal, value 1 s. two pair of muslin ruffles, value 1 s. one linnen apron, value 3 d. one linnen handkerchief, value 2 d. one gown, value 2 d. and one skirt of a gown, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , spinster
, May 26

.* 
Jane Smith. I lived in Darby court, Piccadilly



, when the things were lost, a lodger with one Mrs. Jackson.
Q. What are you?
J. Smith. I am a mantua-maker
.
Q. How long did you live there?
J. Smith. I lived there three quarters of a year; the first time I saw the two prisoners, was the 2d of June, at justice Cox's.
Q. What do you charge them with?
J. Smith. On the 28th of May, I went out about three, and returned about nine, and found my door was broke open; it was a garret; I missed two pair of shoes, a muslin apron, two pair of muslin ruffles, intended for double, but they were only single, a cardinal without a lining, trimmed with silk, a lawn apron, a linnen handkerchief, a gown, and a skirt of a gown. I suspected a woman at the next door, and took her into custody; and she was confined from the Thursday, 'till the Tuesday after, 'till these two prisoners told me they never saw her face.
Q. How came you to know the prisoner's being at justice Cox's?
J. Smith. I had advertised them on the Monday, and I had word brought that some of my things were found at a pawnbroker's, named 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thompson 
               



            ; I went there, and found my things. [Produced in Court, and deposed to.]


                  Mary 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Callender-yard, Long-alley, Moorfields; the woman at the bar brought these things to me on the 29th of May; I lent her 4 s. upon one pair of shoes and the apron; I lent her a crown on the other things the Wednesday before.
Q. Did she say how she came by them?
M. Thompson. She said they were her own; she looked very creditable, and said she lived in Dyer's-court.
Q. Had she ever pawned any thing with you before?
M. Thompson. Never but once before, and that was on the 8th of May.
Cross Examination.
Q. How many times was she with you?
M. Thompson. She never was with me but three times.
Q. What did she pledge with you the 8th of May?
M. Thompson. I cannot say that, because she fetched it out again.
Q. What did she pledge the second time?
M. Thompson. That was the 25th of May, then she pledged a cardinal, ruffles, and apron.
Q. What time of the day?
M. Thompson. That was in the morning about eight o'clock.
Q. When was the next time she came to you?
M. Thompson. That was on the 29th of May, four days after she had pledged the cardinal and things; then she brought a pair of shoes, and an apron.
Q. Did you make any memorandums at the times you took in the things?
M. Thompson. Yes, but I have not the book here.
Q. to prosecutrix. How long ago is it since the things were taken away?
Prosecutrix. It is a month ago to-day (this being Thursday.)
Q. Were they all taken at one time?
Prosecutrix. They were, the door was broke open the 28th of May; I had seen them at three o'clock that day.
Q. to M. Thompson. What days of the week did you receive the things?
M. Thompson. I received the cardinal on a Wednesday, and the shoes and apron on a Saturday.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I deal in old cloaths, and keep a shop in Long-alley, Moorfields; this old gown, and skirt of a gown [producing them] I believe I received on the 30th of May, of a short looking woman; [such was the prisoner] I cannot swear to the woman at the bar, it was much such a sized woman.
Prosecutrix. This gown and s hirt are my property.
Ann Calyhan's Defence.
I bought these things in Rag-fair, just going into the Fair, of a cloaths-woman; I gave 16 s. for them, the very Thursday before the first of June, this day month, between seven and eight at night; I never thought them to have been stolen. When I went to pawn them, I told the gentlewoman my name, and it was close to my own house.
For the prisoners.


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I have known the man about 12 years; as to the woman, I knew but little of her 'till she was married to the man, which is about four or five years; he is in the watch-way, I never heard but what he bore a good character.


                  Robert 
                  Calyhan 
               



            . I have known them both about five years; they lived in credit, for whatever I heard.


                  Patrick 
                  Calyhan 
               



            . I served the prisoners with bread, I have known them going on two years.
Q. Are you any way related to him?
Calyhan. No, I am not; he was recommended to me as a very honest man, and I have found him so.


                  Gilbert 
                  Tufnel 
               



            . I have known them about seven months, I never was but twice at their house in my life, I never heard no ill of them.
Q. to M. Thompson. Are you sure to the day of the week you received the first of these goods of the woman at the bar?
M. Thompson. I am; the first time was on a Wednesday, it was washing day; I could have brought all our people to prove that.
Q. to prosecutrix. What day of the week was your room broke open, and robbed?

Prosecutrix. That was of a Thursday.
Both 

               Acquitted
            .
(M.) They were a second time indicted, by the same names, for 


               stealing two silver teaspoons, value 2 s. one pair of silver tea-tongs, value 2 s. and one silver tea-strainer, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Salter 
                  



                
            , May 23

. +


                  Sarah 
                  Salter 
               



            . My husband's name is William: on Saturday the 23d of May my door was broke open, and the things mentioned in the indictment taken away. I saw the prisoners at justice Cox's, I was told they had several tea-spoons and things in their pockets. When I came there I was shewed two tea-spoons, a tea-strainer, and a pair of tea-tongs; they were my property, I have some of the same mark by me. [Produced in Court, and deposed to.]
Mr. Davenal. I am constable, the tongs and one tea-spoon I found in the man at the bar's pocket, the other spoon and strainer were found in the woman's pocket, by another man, in my presence.
Q. to S. Salter. Where did you lose them from?
S. Salter. They were taken out of the kitchen.
Q. What is the mark on the spoons?
S. Salter. They are marked W. S. the tongs are W. S. and the strainer C. K.
Mr. Glover. Mrs. Thompson, the pawnbroker, sent for me the first of June, to advise with me concerning some things she had in pawn; I went by her desire to this place, they were gone to justice Cox's, I went there, the woman at the bar took a tea-spoon and strainer out of her pocket, and delivered them to me.


                  Mary 
                  Davis 
               



             I was Mr. Salter's servant 14 years; I know these spoons, tongs and strainer are my master's property: the room was broke open, and they were taken away.
Ann Calyhan's Defence.
I kept a house in Radcliffe-highway about two years ago. I bought of a man and his wife four tea-spoons, tongs, and strainer, I have the other two here to shew: here they be, they are marked W. S.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Tufnel 
               



            . I knew Mrs. Calyhan six or seven months, I have drank tea in her house twice, I have seen silver spoons there.
Q. How were they marked?
M. Tufnel. I do not remember the marks.
Q. Were there any marks upon them?
M. Tufnel. I cannot say whether there were or not. I never knew any thing amiss of them, any farther than being sober people.
[The two spoons produced by the woman prisoner inspected by the Jury, the engraving does not correspond, and seem'd to be done by different hands.]
John 

               Guilty
            , Mary 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


