





162. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one iron anchor, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wootten 
               




             *
Thomas Wootten. I live at Westminster; I lost an anchor from out of my craft, which lay under Dowgate Wharf


; I missed it last Saturday was se'nnight, it was a loose anchor that lay in the lighter, it weighed 101 lb. weight; I was informed he had taken it; I went after him; he had been servant to one Davis, but was at this time out of employ. I went to the Hermitage, where he lodged, and charged him with taking it; and he acknowledged he had taken that and another belonging to a barge at Puddledock, which belonged to Mr. Wood, and had sold them to one 
               
                  Browning
               


             I went to Browning's house, but could not find the anchors, and he was gone off.
Q. What was your anchor worth?
Wootten. It was worth about 30 s.


                  Richard 
                  Wood 
               



            . After the prisoner was taken into custody by Mr. Wootten; he was brought to me to Billingsgate; I am a coal lighterman; I was told he had stolen my anchor. I asked him about it; he said he would confess before a magistrate what he knew of it; there he owned he and one 
               
                  Henry 
                  Pipkin 
               



             took my anchor and Mr. Wootten's through bridge, and sold them both to one Browning for a guinea; and that Browning, who was a smith, had put them in the fire, and defaced them.
Prisoner's Defence.
Pipkin said he knew of an anchor or two, and he would take them with us. I said I did not chuse to be concerned; we took them into my boat, that is all I know of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
