





30. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Coleman 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 13th of November
, about four in the morning, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Thirkell 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing four cloth coats, value 40 s. two cloth waistcoats, value 20 s. one allapeen waistcoat, value 4 s. one stuff waistcoat, value 2 s. one pair of velvet breeches, one pair of cloth breeches, two pair of stockings, and a pair of flannel drawers, the property of the said Thomas, in his dwelling house
            . *


                  Thomas 
                  Thirkell 
               



            . I live in Milk-court, near Carey-street


, and am a taylor
; my house was broke open on the 12th or 13th of November before nine in the morning; I went to bed on the Thursday morning about four o'clock, having company that kept me up; my shop is in my garret; the room was laid open, so that the men could not go to work. the roof was repairing; neither I got any body that belonged to me were up in the garret on that Thursday; on the Friday I went up, in the forenoon, but missed nothing; I went out in the afternoon; when I returned in the evening, my wife asked me for the key, and went up, and missed some of the things which had laid on the shop-board; I went up, and found a square of glass was taken out, and the window open, and the things mentioned in the indictment were missing; then I went to the master bricklayer, and enquired the names of his servants, and after that to the master carpenter, to enquire after his men; I had all the workmen up, and the last that was examined was the prisoner; he was the person the most suspected. I got a search warrant, and went to his lodgings in Cow-cross, at the house of one Kelley. I desired a candle to search Coleman's lodging; he did not lodge in the house Kelley lived in but in another house, which I found belonged to Kelley; we searched, and found nothing there; then I insisted upon searching in that house where Kelley lived; and in a bed, where two children lay, in turning up the bed, (it was in a room below stairs) there lay the green allapeen waistcoat, a black cloth coat, a crimson stuff waistcoat, and a pair of black cotton velvet breeches; these were goods that were taken out of my garret. I told Mrs. Kelley she must go along with us; I took her to Sir John Fielding's office, and she and Coleman were committed to New-Prison; when we were in the coach I said to Coleman, you had better tell where the rest of the things are; he said, two coats and a waistcoat were pawned near Ludgate-hill, in Black-friars, and another coat at the bottom of Leather-lane I found the coat; and in Black-friars I found the two coats and one waistcoat; the prisoner owned he took the things a little after four in the morning.
Q. If the room was laid open, what occasion to break the square, or open the window?
Thirkell. The tiles were stripped off, but the ceiling under the tiles was found, so that he could not get into the room without opening the window; he owned he broke the square, and came in at the window; I asked him, if he had any body with him; he said he had no body but himself and the d - l; on the Monday he told me a different story; he said, there were three people concerned with him; that one of them broke the square, and opened the window, and went in, and brought the things out, and handed them to him. On the Monday the pawnbroker and soldier were before Justice Kelynge, and the things were all there; he was asked what he had to say for himself; he said, nothing at all.


                  Nicholas 
                  Simonds 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I took in these coats and waistcoat of the prisoner at the bar on the 14th of November in the evening; I lent him 4 s. on one coat and waistcoat, and 8 s. on the blue surtout coat; (produced and deposed to.)


                  Thomas 
                  Barrow 
               



            . I am a constable. He produced the things found in Kelley's house; (deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  William 
                  Richards 
               



            , a soldier, produced the waistcoat, which he said the prisoner carried to him to have a lining put in it, (deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Daniel 
                  Kelly 
               



            . I have known the prisoner six years; he lodged at my house about five days and a half; he lay in a house of mine, within two doors of the house where I live; he came to my house on the Friday about twelve at noon; he said, I want the key of my room where I lie; my wife was not at home; he went out and came in again; then he brought the things found in my room, (mentioning them) and said, Landlord, I give you these things to your charge, when I call for them I shall expect to have them of you; I said, very well, you shall have them when you call for them, I laid them on the bed where my children lie; they lay there about 29 or 30 hours; I never spoke a word to my wife or any body else about them.
Q. How did he say he came by them?
Kelly. He said he bought them in rag-fair for 12 s.
Q. How came they under the tick of the bed?
Kelly. I know no more of it than the child unborn.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going to work on Thursday morning; it was a foggy morning; there was a man had these cloaths; he said he would give me a pint of beer if I would hold them while he went to the necessary-house; I took them; he staid better than a quarter of an hour, and I was afraid of losing a quarter of a day, so I brought them home to Mr. Kelly's house; they were all bundled up together, then I went back to my work.
Kelly. I desire to ask your Lordship or the Jury, whether I knew any thing of these cloaths coming into my house or no; I do a great many things to get a bit of bread; I sell things and carry a chair.
Court. You are not charged with taking them.
To his character.
- Welch. I am a bricklayer; I have known the prisoner a year; he worked four months with me, and behaved as well as any man I ever knew.




               Guilty of stealing only, 39 s.
            



               T
            .
