





316. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hare 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Seal 
                  




                
            . May 8
. ++


                  John 
                  Seal 
               



            . I live at North's coffee-house, King's-street, near Guildhall: on the 8th of May, about half past seven in the evening, the prisoner and two others were coming by the end of King's-street


; there was a stop of coaches which prevented my crossing the way; I was surrounded by the prisoner and two others; he was to my right hand; I felt him pick my pocket, and pursued him, and took him by the collar; he dropt my handkerchief between his legs: I seized him; he denied it first of all; then he begged I would let him go. (The handkerchief produced and deposed to.)


                  William 
                  Jesse 
               



            . I am journeyman to a linen-draper; I saw Mr. Seal catch the prisoner by the collar; I immediately saw a handkerchief fall to the ground; I said, there is a handkerchief; and he being nimbler than I, took it up; he said it was his.
Prosecutor. There was nobody near us at the time it fell from the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
I saw a handkerchief fall from somebody in the crowd; I took it up and ran cross the way, and th e gentleman followed me directly, and took hold of me. My father lives in Thames-street, but I never acquainted him with my being here: I am 15 years old: my father is a porter in Leaden-hall market.
For the prisoner.


                  Henry 
                  Casey 
               



            . I first knew him pretty near four years ago, we came home almost three years after; he was very honest; than Admiral 
               
                  Swanton
               


             took him as his servant; after that he behaved very honest; I have not seen him since we came home, which was a year ago last March.




               Guilty, 6 d
            . 


               T
            .
