





52. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Cane 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Gale 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, on the 28th of November
, about the hour of eight in the night, and stealing two bolsters, value 2 s. a bed quilt, value 2 s. and a linen sheet, value 18 d. the property of the said Elizabeth, in her dwelling-house
            . *


                  Elizabeth 
                  Gale 
               



            . I keep a private house in East Smithfield


; last Saturday se'nnight I went out about eight at night, and returned in about a quarter of an hour; I found my back-door, which I left bolted, was forced open; it was strained, so that it would not shut close, and the things mentioned in the indictment were taken away; I had a suspicion of the prisoner, I found him at the Barley Mow, and charged him with taking my things; he owned to Mr. Faulkner and me where the things were, and we went and fetched them; he said, he did it for want; he had sold the bed-quilt to Mr. Sunderland in the Back-lane, the bolster to a broker near where I took him, and that 
               
                  Mary 
                  Cooper 
               



             had the sheet; I found the things as he directed (produced and deposed to.)

Mr. Faulkner the constable, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Cooper 
               



            , confirmed the account she had given, as to his confessi on and finding the things.
Prisoner's defence.
I do not know what the people are talking about: I have had the ague and fever, and do not know what I said before the magistrate.




               Guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 


               T
            .
