






260, 261. (M.) 
               
                  Blaze 
                  Robinson 
               



             , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Forden 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing twenty-nine stuff gowns, value 3 l. four crape gowns, value 12 s. two cotton gowns, ten linen bed-gowns, eight flannel petticoats, fifteen shirts, six shirts, four cloth cloaks, twelve pair of shoes, six pair of worsted stockings, six pair of cotton stockings, and two dozen linen caps, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Clough 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, privately in her shop
            , March 9
. ++


                  Margaret 
                  Clough 
               



            . I keep a sale-shop
 in Monmouth-street


. On the 9th of March I locked up my shop, and on the 10th, in the morning, it was broke open.
Q. Is it a dwelling house?
M. Clough. It is not. I do not live in it; it is a small place by itself; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name): I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and had them advertised in the Monday's paper. On Tuesday, the 13th, Mr. Stockdale, a pawnbroker, sent for me; I went to his house, and there I saw two crape gowns, my property: then he and I went to Justice Fielding's, and got a warrant to take up the two prisoners: they confessed the fact before Mr. Fielding. I mentioned all I could recollect at that time I had lost; they in general owned to the fact; they said they had pawned the rest, some in one place, and some in another, in several parts of the town. I have recovered some of the other things, according to their directions, and the pawnbrokers all gave me my goods again, that is, all I could find (five gowns and several other things produced in court): there are what I have recovered, my property.


                  Henry 
                  Stockdale 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Great Pultney-street, Golden-square. Forden brought these two crape gowns to me, on the 13th of March, and said, one was his mother's, and the other his sisters: I sent my boy to his mother, in the Haymarket, with him, but he did not return with the boy, but came a day or two after, and Robinson came along with him, to fetch the gowns, and we detected them. At Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, Robinson told Sir John where the things were pledged; Forden did not confess any thing; he said he was sent by some girl from a public-house: (the two gowns produced and deposed to.)


                  James 
                  Hunt 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in Pultney-street: I took this gown in of Forden, (produced and deposed to); he brought it on the 15th of March, and said his mother's name was 
               
                  Jane 
                  Robinson 
               



            , and she lived in the Haymarket, and it was her gown. Here are other gowns which we took in: one in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Robinson 
               



            , another 
               
                  Robert 
                  Robinson 
               



            , and another 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Johnson 
               



            . ( Deposed to by prosecutrix.)


                  Joseph 
                  Jervis 
               



            . On the 15th or 16th of March, I took the prisoners before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; he sent one to the Gatehouse, and the other to another place, Robinson confessed a good deal, in regard to breaking open the woman's shop, in Monmouth street; Sir John granted a search warrant to search Forden's lodgings; I went there, but could find nothing: he said, he kept a cobler's stall, on the top of the Haymarket; I went there, and found a bundle of things, and gave it to the prosecutrix; she said they were her property, part of what she lost at the time her shop was broke: when I got into the stall, and was there the best part of 20 minutes, the things were partly buried under ground (produced in court, and deposed to); then I went to Robinson's lodgings, and in a great coat pocker, I found a pair of stockings. (Produced and deposed to.)
Robinson's Defence.
I was in Forden's stall, and two men came in and left a pair of shoes and a pair of pumps, to heel-piece, when they said they would call again in a day or two: they left these things there: we wanted money, and we pawned them; we are innocent of taking them.
Forden's Defence.
I was not in the stall when the men brought the things, I knew nothing at all of it, I was gone to dinner; the two men came for the shoes, and put the bundle down upon the bulk, and said they would call again in half an hour, and give me the money for mending the shoes, but they never called.
For the Prisoners.


                  John 
                  Hodgson 
               



            . I knew Robinson by sight: I have heard he has a very good character.


                  Henry 
                  Bourn 
               



            . I have known Forden some years; he has a very good character.


                  Jane 
                  Davenport 
               



            . Forden is a very honest and industrious lad.


                  Anne 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I have known Forden from a child: I know no harm of him.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .





               T
            .
