







310, 311. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Marg 
                     Oatley 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Burn 
                  



                
            , were indicted; for that 


               they, on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Baldwyn 
                        




                      
                  , did make and assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and one common-prayer-book, value 6 d. one linnen handkerchief, value 3 d. one pair of leather gloves, value 6 d. one snuff box, value 3 d. and 14 d. halfpenny in money, number'd, the goods of the said William Baldwyn, feloniously and violently did steal, take and carry away
            , October 5.
 ++


                  William 
                  Baldwyn 
               



            . On the 5th of this instant, I was coming along Drury-lane, by the end of Middlesex-court


, there came three women and seiz'd upon me.
Q. What time of the day was it?
Baldwyn. It was either a quarter before eleven at night, or about eleven; they came from under the arch way, behind me; one laid on one side of my collar, another the other side, and the third took hold on the slap of my coat behind; they never let me go, but dragg'd me up a court to the second house in it, which is about 25 yards from the place where she seiz'd me.
Q. On which hand-side the court?
Baldwyn. On the left-hand side; they dragg'd me into a lower room, and lock'd the door, and one of them took the key out of the door; two of them fell to beating me in a terrible manner; they struck me over my face with their double fist, as hard as they could strike me.
Q. Had they a light?
Baldwyn. There were a parcel of bricks in the fire place, and a candle was stuck amongst them alighted, by which I know the prisoner.
Q. How long was you in that room?
Baldwyn. I was there pretty near half an hour; the prisoners are two of them, I know them well; I saw them all three very plain. I look'd at their faces, resolv'd, in my own breast, to have satisfaction for the injury I receiv'd.
Q. Tell which of the prisoners assaulted you, and what each did?
Baldwyn. Oatley took my common prayer-book and gloves; the fellow pair to these on my hands?
Q. Which pocket did she take them from?
Baldwyn. From out of my left hand coat pocket; when she had her hand in my pocket, I turn'd about and said, let my pocket alone, there is but a trifle, there is only a pair of gloves; she said, d - n you, I don't care, I'll have it. Mary Burn stood on the other side, and had hold of my collar at the same time; she and the other kept fast hold on me.
Q. Did Oatley take your things by force?
Baldwyn. She did; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Burn 
               



             took my snuffbox and handkerchief from my right-hand coat pocket.
Q. Was you held by any body at that time?
Baldwyn. I was by the other two.
Q. Did you lose any thing else?
Baldwyn. I lost 8 d. halfpenny in halfpence, and a 6 d. in silver, out of my right-hand breeches pocket.
Q. Who took that?
Baldwyn. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Burn 
               



             took that.
Q. Did she take it by force?
Baldwyn. She did.
Q. Was you put in fear?
Baldwyn. I was put in great fear.
Q. What did you do after that?
Baldwyn. They kept me near half an hour, and beat me in a terrible manner, thinking I had gold about me; they demanded more money of me, and swore and d - d my eyes, if I did not give them all the money I had they would knock my eyes out of my head. Burn pull'd out a knife, and held it at my breast near twenty minutes on and off; whether it was a claps knife, on fix'd in the handle, I know not; at last they let me out. I apply'd to justice Welch for a warrant, and took one up the 10th of this instant, and the other afterwards, and I took them before the justice, and they were committed.
Cross Examination.
Q. How came you in Drury-lane at that time of night?
Baldwyn. I was going to Wild-street, to one that was very ill, to see if my wife could be of any service to her in sitting up by her.
Q. Where do you live?
Baldwyn. I have lived many years in that parish.
Q. What is your business?
Baldwyn. I am a livery lace-weaver
.
Q. Are you a house-keeper?
Baldwyn. No.
Q. Do not you frequently go into that court?
Baldwyn. I very often go by the court on my business, and sometimes through it.

Q. Did not you go with the constable on the 10th of October, in order to search for the person that robb'd you?
Baldwyn. I went to the house where 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Oatley 
               



             bid me go to (I took her up first, and she told me where to find the other) there I took her.
Q. Was not you in doubt about Oatley.
Baldwyn. No, I always said I knew her; she took my gloves and prayer-book; I knew her on first seeing her again; her husband is waiter at a public-house or tavern near Charing Cross; I never saw him till the saturday after in the round-house; and when I saw him after that, he had inlisted, and was in soldier's cloths.
Oatley's Defence.
When that man took me up first of all, he swore I held a knife against him, and rifled his pocket, with two women with me; this was at justice Cox's; I was in the Gatehouse from the saturday o the monday; a woman that I never saw before told me the three womens names that did this robbery; this very girl said to the other girl that was going off, is that the man you robbed? she said yes; there was another girl that had a child, she left her child, and is gone off too; I never saw the man with my eyes before he swore against me, I innocently said; when he laid hold of me, he said I was one of the women; I said, I was not; but I knew the women, and that was no farther than hearsay.
Burn's Defence.
I never saw the man in my life, and this woman (meaning her fellow prisoner) I never saw her in my days; I own I was going by with one of them, that did the robbery, when they took me.
For Oatley.


                  Henrietta 
                  Wingfield 
               



            . I have known Oatley near two years.
Q. Where was she on the 5th of October in the evening?
H. Wingfield. She was with me in the Temple.
Q. Whereabouts?
H. Wingfield. All over the Temple; we walk'd together from between eight and nine till between eleven and twelve.
Q. Were you all that time in company?
H. Wingfield. She never was out of my company a quarter of an hour.
Q. What day of the week was it?
H. Wingfield. It was a fortnight ago last sunday; not thinking I should be call'd upon about it.
Q. Where did you part?
H. Wingfield We parted in the Temple; we were in chambers in the Temple upon one stair-case.
Q. How long did you stay in the chambers?
H. Wingfield. To the best of my knowledge we staid there near three quarters of an hour, it was till near 12 o'clock.
Q. What is Oatley's character?
H. Wingfield. I never heard but that she was a very pretty civil body.
Q. How does she get her livelihood?
H. Wingfield. I don't know; it is well for me to know how I get my own.
Q. What are you?
H. Wingfield. I am a mantuamaker.


                  Bridget 
                  Ingram 
               



            . I live in Middlesex court, Drury lane; I know 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Oatley 
               



            ; I remember Baldwyn's coming on the 10th of October to enquire after the prisoners that robb'd him; he came to the house where I was, with another man with him, nam'd Mackdaniel. 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Oatley 
               



             was there sitting on my right hand; he look'd at her, and she at him; he went out of the house, and never said any thing to her.
Q. to Wingfield. How came you to remember this was the 5th of October?
H. Wingfield. Only, but because it was a fortnight ago last sunday.
Q. Did you and she never walk together only that time?
H. Wingfield. Yes, a great many times; I can recollect this time by several circumstances.
Q. What are them circumstances?
H. Wingfield. In our being in the chamber together, and drinking together, and walking together, and a certain sum of money that I had that night.
Q. Had you ever been in that chamber before?
H. Wingfield. No.
Mrs. Summers. I heard a great noise out at my window; I heard they took a snuff box from a man; the girls came to my house afterwards; I ask'd them how they came to do such a thing; they said, they were in liquor, and did not know how they came to do it; these prisoners are not the prisoners that did it.


                  James 
                  Broadburst 
               



            . I knew Oatley four or five years.

Q. What are you?
Broadburst. I have done all the repairs in the carpentery way in the court where she lived; I saw her always decent.
Q. Is she or is she not a woman of the town?
Broadburst. I can't say whether she is a woman of the town or not; the few things she bought of me, as chairs and things, she paid me very honestly.
Mr. Thorn. I live in Drury lane.
Q. Are you a house-keeper?
Thorn. I am .
Q. In what business?
Thorn. I am a publican; 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Oatley 
               



             was taken at my house.
Q. What is her character?
Thorn. I know nothing at all as to her honestly, I never saw her till that time.
Q. to Baldwyn Where did you take Oatley?
Baldwyn. I took her in this man's house on the 10th of this month.
Q. to Ingram. Where was it you say the prosecutor saw Oatley, and did not know her?
Ingram. It was that very same day that she was taken at night.
Q. to Baldwyn. Do you remember your going into this man's house that day?
Baldwyn. I don't remember I ever saw this old woman, nam'd Ingram, in my life. I took Oatley in Mr. Thorn's house, on the 10th at night.
Thorn, When Mr. Baldwyn came to our house, he said, that was one of the persons concerned in the robbery, and she was the person that held the knife to him, and before justice Welsh he swore Burn was the person that held the knife to him.


                  Andrew 
                  Davidson 
               



            . I live in Great Wild street, and have for five years; I have known the prosecutor I believe seven or eight years; he was my journeyman four or five years.
Q. What are you?
Davidson. I am a lace weaver.
Q. What is the prosecutor's general character, is he to be believ'd upon oath?
Davidson. Please your honour, he has a very bad character, he'll swear and lie, and stand to it; I have reason to believe he will take a false oath; for he swore against me, and I paid for it.
Mrs. Davidson. I am wife to the last witness; I know the prosecutor.
Q. What is his general character?
Mrs. Davidson. I know that he is a very great lier, as ever I knew; and he will swear any thing.
Q. Do you think he ought to be believed upon his oath?
Mrs. Davidson. I do not think he ought; for I have suffered for it.
Q. to Baldwyn. Is any body here that will give you a character?
Baldwyn. Yes; here is Mr. Cherrick.
Q. How do you get your livelihood?
Baldwyn. I keep three looms at work.
Q. Has there been any quarrel between Mr. Davidson and you?
Baldwyn. I summon'd him to the court of conscience, and he abus'd me in the street, and I took him before the justice, and the justice talked to him.
To Baldwyn's character.


                  Henry 
                  Cherrick 
               



            . I am a neighbour to Mr. Baldwyn, and have known him four years.
Q. What is his general character?
Cherrick. I believe him to be a very honest worthy man.
Q. Should you be under any difficulty in believing him on his oath?
Cherrick. Upon my word I should not be under any.


                  Martin 
                  Marshall 
               



            . I have known Mr. Baldwyn four or five years, I never knew to the contrary but that he was a very honest, quiet man.
Q. Do you think he would forswear himself?
Marshall. No, I do not think he would.




               The indictment being laid for a robbery on the King's highway, and the fact appeared to be a robbery in a dwelling-house, they were acquitted of the robbery, and both found guilty of single felony
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


