





23. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Heaton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing sixteen pair of leather shoes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Randall 
                  




                
            , Nov. 9
. +


                  Charles 
                  Randall 
               



            . I am a shoemaker and leather-cutter
, and live in St. Clement's Church-yard: on the 24th of July last, the prisoner asked work of me; I granted him work; he worked at his own lodgings; he made about two or three pair of shoes a week, for about two months: he gave me to understand, he had a gentleman that allowed him a guinea a week: from that time, he did little, or no work at all, till I detected him. It was usual with him to come in a morning, and beg the favour of the horn to pull up his shoes, as soon, or rather before that the shop was open. On Thursday, the 8th of November, when I went down in the morning, my servant asked me if I had sent any shoes out? I said no: then he said, on Wednesday night, two different pairs of shoes were brought in by two different workmen, which he said he was certain were stolen, and we suspected the prisoner. I ordered my servant, whose name is 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Orton 
               



            , not to come down without me in the morning: we both went down together, rather after seven; this was the Friday: at coming down the last pair of stairs, somebody knocked at the door; I desired my servant not to unlock the door, till he had looked into the press; he did, and told me all was right, as left last night. I went up ten stairs, and stood there; he opened the door; a customer came in, and the prisoner at the bar, as customary, followed him, with his shoes about his heels; followed him thro' the shoe-shop, into the other shop: he passed by the press; my servant served a customer with a pair of heel-pieces; and in about three or four minutes, let him out at the back door. He followed him out, and began to take down the shutters; the prisoner returned into the shoe-shop while he was taking them down, and sat down upon a chair, opened the press, and took out four pair of stuff shoes, and, seemingly to me, put them into his side-pocket; he had cut the lining of his coat, so that as he got up, they fell down into the skirts of his coat: he then pulled open the sash above, and I saw him put his hand in: I did not care to see what he took. After my servant had taken down the shutters, he came into the shop: I went down, and said, Sam, let me have a pair of shoes: the prisoner stood on the threshold; he moved his hat to me, and said. are you going to my Lord Mayor's show? if you are, I can get you a very good place. I turned, and went into the leather-shop, and the prisoner said, A good morning. As soon as he was gone, I bid my man open the press door; he did, and there were four pair missing; he followed, and took the prisoner by the collar, about sixteen yards from the door: he brought him back, and six pair of shoes were found upon him: he had taken two from above, and four below; (produced and deposed to): I took him before Justice Fielding, who committed him: going in the coach to New Prison, I asked him where my goods were, having lost a good many shoes: he said, come to me; I took my brother and another person; he confessed to goods being at four pawnbrokers, which are here in court. I found many that I have not laid in the indictment.


                  Thomas 
                  Hatton 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Hagan 
               



            , three pawnbrokers, produced shoes, which they all deposed they took in of the prisoner at the bar. (Deposed to by prosecutor).
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a very unfortunate man; I have lost the use of my limbs, by the cruelty of a master at a boarding-school: I have very rich relations, and have spent a very pretty fortune of my own; and brought myself to distress, and disgrace upon my family; as to what Mr. Randall says, I can't deny it: I once could have brought many credible people to my character; but as the case now is, I cannot.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
