





345. (M.) 
               
                  Gasper 
                  French , otherwise 
Baptist French




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a bank-note, value 30 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John
                      M'Farquhar
                  




               
            , June 19
. +


                  John
                   M'Farquhar
               



            . On the 19th of June last, about half an hour after three o'clock, I went to 
               
                  Mr. 
                  Lodomy 
               



            's; there were the prisoner and 
               
                  Mr. 
                  Drummond 
               



            , a wine-merchant; they had just dined there; we went all four of us to Mr. Drummond's wine-vaults; upon drinking the second bottle of wine, I took my pocket-book out, and offered to pay Mr. Drummond for two dozen of wine that I owed for; I shewed him a 30 l. banknote; he said he could not change it. Mr. Lodomy said he had cash at home, he would change it there; then I put it in my book again, and put that in my pocket. The prisoner went out soon after, and in about a quarter of an hour after I missed my pocket-book; this was before I left the vault. Mr. Lodomy sent his man after the prisoner, who returned, and said he had had sight of the prisoner, and saw him fall down, but he got up again, and went off. Mr. Lodomy and I went to see if we could find the prisoner, to two or three places, but we could not find him; then we went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and told him of it, and said, I suspected the prisoner was gone to Dover; upon which, he wrote a letter to Justice Hammond, at Dover, and in about two days after, I found the prisoner was stopped there: he was taken up first on suspicion of robbing a custom-house. I set out with the machine for Dover; there I found the prisoner; I brought him to town last Friday; he confessed every thing to me before Justice Hammond, and as we were in the machine on the road; but when he came before Major 
               
                  Spinnage
               


            , he denied every thing.
Q. Did he say how he had disposed of it?
M'Farquhar. No, he did not; (the pocket-book produced) this he sent to Mr. Lodomy, and I received it of him.
Mr. Lodomy. The prisoner was a stranger to me, but a friend of mine desired me to recommend him to a service, and I desired him to sit down and dine with me. Mr. Drummond at the same time came in, and he also dined with me; after dinner we went to Mr. Drummond's vaults, and drank a bottle or two of wine. Mr. M'Farquhar took out his pocket-book, in order to pay Mr. Drummond for two dozen of wine: Mr. Drummond replied, he had not change for the 30 l. note; I had it in my hand; he put it in his book again, and into his pocket: after we had drank a glass, the prisoner disappeared; Mr. M'Farquhar missed his pocket-book soon after; I desired Mr. Drummond's man to run out after the prisoner; he came back, and said he could not come up with him. After that, the prisoner sent me a letter, that he was sorry for what he had done, and sent the pocket-book also; he desired I would make interest with him to Mr. M'Farquhar.
Q. Did you ever see him write?
Lodomy. No.
Q. Had you any discourse with him about this letter afterwards?
Lodomy. No.


                  Thomas 
                  Burch 
               



            . On the 19th of June the prisoner came to my shop a little after eight in the evening, in Cheapside.
Q. to prosecutor. Where are Mr. Drummond's wine vaults?
Prosecutor. His wine-vaults are in King-street, St. James's square.
Burch. My servant was serving him, I was backwards; when I came forwards, I saw the prisoner laying something by, which I imagined he had bought; he addressed me, and asked me if I was the master of the shop, and said he dealt in linen, and came to England once a year, and always carried some abroad with him; he said he was recommended to me by a hosier, as I understood, where he had bought some stockings; I desired he would tell me who it was recommended him, because I should be glad to know my friends; he looked over his pocket-book, but said he had not the direction, so he put his book up: he bought linen; the bill came to, I think, 24 l. 4 s. he bought his goods very hard, by which I took him to be in the business; he insisted I should abate him the 4 s. and said, when he came to London again, next February, he would call upon me again. My servant made out the bill; I gave him change for a 30 l. bank-note; 6 l. I gave him in change; the prosecutor called upon me, I referred him to my banker, and I believe he got the date of the note from him.
Q. In what name did the prisoner come to you?
Burch. He did not come in the name of Gasper French; he came, as I understood, in the name he wrote it, Cewper: this was to let me know who he was, and where he lived, and that he would be a customer again.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of the matter.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
