






600. ( M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Duggan 
                  




                
             and 
               
                  Mary, wife
 of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Manley 
                     







             were indicted; the first for 


               stealing a-yard and a half of printed linen for handkerchiefs, value 2 s. and eight pair of worsted hose, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Coste 
                  



                
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the eight pair of hose, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , October 8

. ++


                  Ann 
                  Coste 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  William 
                  Coste 
               



            . I keep a stall in Spitalfields market



, and sell all sows of haberdashery goods whatsoever. I had used to employ the boy
 Duggan at the bar to take my goods in and out of my stall: he took down the stall every night, and put it up in the morning. We live in Red-Lion-Street, near a quarter of a mile from where my stall is. He was gone from me almost a fortnight. before I knew he had robbed me of any thing, and then I should not have missed them, but he had dropped some stockings in a public-house. I was told to go and see them. I went: they were four odd stockings. I will not be positive to them, but I think they were mine. The people told me the boy had more things. My husband was then at Blackheath-fair. I went and told my brother; we took the boy up, and he directly owned that they were my stockings, and that he had robbed me of great many more. He owned to taking three handkerchiefs; this he owned before the justice; and that the woman at he had received stockings of him. We had a search-warrant, and found four pair hanging on a line publickly for sale, and she had another pair on her legs, all my property. She owned she had them of the boy, but said where they came from she did not know, for she did not examine him.
Q. How old is Duggan?
A. Coste. He is about eighteen years of age. The woman owned before the justice she gave half a crown for the first parcel. The boy said there were nine pair. She said there were but six or seven. And that she gave eighteen-pence for another parcel. The boy said there were two or three pair of them. The boy also said he took another parcel, but could not tell what he had for them. Some of the stockings were for all childrens stockings, that I sell for five-pence a pair, and some that stand me in nineteen shillings a dozen, and some sixteen. The stockings she had on her legs stood me in twenty-two shillings a dozen. They were all new. The boy owned he had pawned the handkerchiefs at three different pawnbrokers. I went, and they delivered them up. ( Three handkerchiefs produced in court.) These are them, and they are my property.


                  Robert 
                  Airs 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 7th of this month I took in one of these handkerchiefs of the boy at the bar; two days after the prosecutrix's brother came, and asked me if I had any handkerchief of this pattern. I said I had. I went with him to the justices, and delivered it us. There the boy declared where the other handkerchiefs were, and the other pawnbrokers came and delivered them up.
Duggan's Defence.
I was taken up, and carried before the justice. They said, If I would own to the things, I should be cleared; and I owned I took them. But they are none of her's. I only said so, thinking to be cleared.
Prosecutrix. I never spoke a word of that sort to him.

Manley's Defence.
I bought the stockings, but not of this boy. I know nothing of the boy.


                  John 
                  Hurt 
               



            . I am a weaver. I have known Manley fourteen or fifteen years. She has a very good character. Her husband is a smith, a very worthy man.


                  Francis 
                  Wilcox 
               



            . I live in Wheeler-street, and keep a chandler's shop. I have known Manley about fourteen years. I never heard any ill of her in my life.


                  John 
                  Wood 
               



            . I live in Wheeler-street, and am a victualler. I have known her about fourteen years. I never heard any thing amiss by her.
Duggan 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Manley 

               acquitted
            .
