





345. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Aylesbury 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Twining 
                  




                
            , July 7
 *


                  William 
                  Twining 
               



            . I live at Ealing


; my mother keeps a public-house, and I follow farming
 business; the prisoner is a young recruit, and was quartered in her house; he lay in the next room to me; my breeches were hanging up in my room with a guinea in the pocket, and he was the last person up stairs; he went away in the forenoon on the 7th of July; I pursued him, and overtook him on the other side Tyburn turnpike; I challenged him with taking the guinea; he denied it; I took him in at a public-house, and while we were drinking, he dropped a guinea into the quart pot out of his mouth; then he said, I should not have it, it was not mine, but I can swear to it by a black spot on it; (produced in court;) this is the same guinea that I lost; I described the spot on it after it was taken out of the pot, when in the man's hand that took it out; I was not sure on which side the spot was; he asked me on which side it was before I saw it; I said I believed on the tail side, but it was on the head side; there was a serjeant and two other recruits with him when I took him up.


                  Luke 
                  Shea 
               



            . I am a serjeant; the prisoner and another recruit
 and I were coming to London; the prosecutor came on horseback, and said, that man does not belong to you, he belongs to me; said I, is he an apprentice; no, said he, he has robbed me of a guinea; the prisoner denied it; we took him in at the house of Mr. Green; I said to the prosecutor, be advised by the landlord; he and the landlord went out, and when they came in again, they drank to the prisoner; as the prisoner was drinking, I heard something tinkle in his mouth; presently I said, there is something in the pot that ought not to be in it; the prisoner said it is the guinea; directly I called the landlord to let us have a fresh tankard; we put the beer out into another tankard, and found the guinea at the bottom; the landlord said to me, do you keep it till you come to a Justice of the peace; I had no other gold about me but a quarter guinea, so I put it in my coat pocket among some silver and halfpence, and brought it to Justice Spinnage; the prosecutor was asked, if there was any mark upon it; he said there was a spot upon it, he thought it was on the tail side, but he did not know which; the prisoner had been in pay with me but thirteen days; I picked him up in the city of London.


                  John 
                  Green 
               



            . The prosecutor and prisoner came into my house with the serjeant; the prosecutor told me he had lost a guinea, and he suspected the prisoner; while we were taking, the serjeant called to me, and said, look, landlord, here is a guinea in this pot, take it out; I desired him to put it in his pocket till it was decided, before a magistrate.
Prisoner's defence.
We were going down to Chatham; there were five or six brother recruits; I had a trifle of money that I had worked hard for; I took care that the others should not rob me of it; I took it out of my pocket, and asked the servant for change; I had a guinea in one hand and my hat in the other; I put the guinea in my mouth, and in drinking, it dropped out; they asked what it was, I said it was a guinea.
Q. to Shea. Did you hear the prisoner ask the servant for change?
Shea. No, I did not, and I was but about three feet from him.
The prisoner called his father, 
               
                  Bartholomew 
                  Beal 
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Hunt 
               



            , who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
