





97. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ambery 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he unlawfully, knowingly, and designedly, by false pretences, did obtain from 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Vere 
                        




                      
                   eight china punch bowls, 24 china coffee cups, six china tea cups, six china saucers, six china plates, and six wine glasses, with an intent to defraud and cheat the said 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Vere 
                     



                   of the said goods, to the amount of 3 l. 13 s. his property
            , Dec. 12
. ++


                  Charles 
                  Vere 
               



            . I keep a china shop
 at the corner of Salisbury Court, Fleet Street


. The prisoner came to my house, about five in the evening, on the 12th of December last, and asked to see some china punch bowls, and said that he had taken a coffee-house in the neighbourhood (he appeared dressed like a gentleman) and that he chose to lay out his money with his neighbours. After he had made choice of some china and wine glasses, he wanted to have a bill made out, and said, I beg you will make me a bill of parcels of the whole, for my name is ready money, which he said over and over. I asked him where he lived, and he said he had taken the Apollo coffee-house, in Apollo Court, near Temple Bar. I asked him his name. He said, my name is 
               
                  John 
                  Ambery 
               



            . Then I wrote the bill. He look'd over it, and said it is very right, please to put a receipt to it, I hope you have charged me at the lowest, send them to the coffee-house, for I shall be at home, and I will pay the servent that brings them, and then went away. I called my servant, 
               
                  James 
                  Amson 
               



            , and bid him carry those things to the Apollo coffee house, and told him that the person who had bought these goods had a very good appearance, but I don't like the situation of the house, so bring the money or the goods again. He put the things into a basket, and in about half an hour's time carried them there: He is in court, and can best tell what was done afterwards.
Q. Was it proposed, betwixt the prisoner and you, that you should trust him?
Vere. No, no; he said his name was ready money, that he had laid out near 400 l. in coming into the house, and that he chose to lay out his money with his neighbours. At first he proposed to pay me in my shop, but at last said he should pay the person that brought them, and that he was going home about some business; the agreement was that of ready money for the goods.
Q. from prisoner. Did you send the china at once or twice?
Vere. The whole of what he bargain'd for then was sent immediately; but afterwards there were other goods sent, which came to 5 s. 6 d. which my servant can give an account of, when he comes to be examined.
Q. Tell the court what you know of your own knowledge.
Vere. My servant came back without either money or goods. I then imagined I was trick'd out of them. My servant told me the prisoner's wife order'd him to carry half a dozen china plates about ten o'clock next morning, and then he should be paid for the whole. I sent him with them, and gave him strict orders not to leave them without the money, as he had done the others; but he came back without the money or plates. As he will tell the court what passed there, it will be needless to relate what account he gave me at his return.
Q. What did the first parcel which he bought in your shop come to?
Vere. It came to 3 l. 7 s. 6 d.


                  James 
                  Amson 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Vere, and carried some goods by my master's order to the prisoner's house in Apollo-Court.
Q. What goods?
Amson. There were eight china bowls and several other things, I can't say exactly what quantity; my master order'd me not to leave them without the money, and I said I would not.
Q. Who put them into the basket?
Amson. I did.
Prisoner. I admit the receiving the goods.
Amson. When I came to the prisoner's house I saw him there, I had the bill of parcels and a receipt upon it. The prisoner said, Well, my lad, what have you got? I told him I had brought the china. He said, Well, my lad, set it out, and I will call my wife down. I set it out, and then he asked me to drink a glass of rum or something. I drank a glass and he another, and then he forced another upon me. Said he, See how my vessels are tumbled about, but I have seen better days; it has cost me 400 l. coming in here. Then his wife came down, and said she liked the china very well. I gave him the bill and he read it over, and she took some of the things away. Then he called for a bottle of wine, and asked me if I would drink again. I refused it, but he swore I should. He then called for a pair of scissars, the boy brought them, and he was going to cut the receipt from the bill, when I asked him what he meant by doing so. Said he, you must go home, and fetch half a dozen china plates, and then I will pay you for the whole.
Q. to prosecutor. Did the prisoner bespeak any china plates of you?
Prosecutor. No; but he said he should want some other china soon.
Amson. I told him I was ordered not to leave the goods without the money, but he said, several times over,
"Go your way, and bring the plates." I told him I must either have the money or the goods, and then we got to high words. After I had been there almost an hour he said,
"The goods are deliver'd,
"you can't touch the goods, the goods are mine,
"you may go and tell your master that they are
"mine."
Q. Did he cut off the receipt?
Amson. No, I would not let him do that, I prevented him; I said I must either have the goods or the money, I will stay with you till I have one of them. When he found I would not go out of the house, he laughed at me, and said, I should have neither; he asked me if I would drink again, and called for more wine, but I would not drink any. He swore I should have neither money nor goods. His wife came down stairs, and said, you must not mind my husband, he is in liquor, come to me in the morning, and bring half a dozen plates about ten o'clock, and you shall have the money for all. Then I went home, and told my master what had happened. My master sent me in the morning, but ordered me to be careful that I was not tricked out of the plates, and not to leave them as I had done the rest. I went, and when I was at the door, there came a strange woman, who said, my mistress is upstairs, I will take them up to her, and she will come down and pay you. I delivered them to her, and she carried them up. Then the mistress came down, and said, my husband is gone out with two countrymen, to buy some goods, and I expect him to be in every minute. I staid there a good while, till after eleven o'clock, and he not coming, I asked her to let me have the goods again. She said, there was nothing but what her husband had ordered, and I should not touch any thing. Then I asked her to let me have the plates again. She said, it was all by her husband's order, and I should not touch any thing. I came away, and went again two or three times that day, but never could see him.
Q. from prisoner. Was not you offered some money?
Amson. No, I was not.
Q. from prisoner. Did I not order you to bring half a dozen plates the next morning, and say you should have the money?
Amson. Yes, he did tell me so; but I carried the plates the next morning by his wife's order.
Q. from prisoner. Did you deliver my wife a bill?
Amson. I was ready to deliver one, if she would have paid me.
Prisoner's Defence.
This evidence said his master had transported one man for such a fact, and I should be transported, right or wrong. He would not deliver the bill to my wife, and she could not pay him till he did.
For the Prisoner:


                  Amy 
                  Pinborn 
               



            . I was upstairs at Mr. Ambery's house when half a dozen plates were brought up by a woman to my mistress, who went and took out money, both gold and silver, and went down stairs. I heard her say, here, if you'll give me your bill and receipt, I will pay you, but he would not; they had several words, but what they were, I do not know.
Q. Are you certain you heard the words you have mentioned?
A. Pinborn. I am sure I did. I am positive she said, if you will give me the bill and receipt, I will pay you the money.
Q. Did you see the man?
A. Pinborn. I did.
Q. Is this the man that gave evidence last?
A. Pinborn. I do think it is the same man, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. to Amson. Did you see this woman there?
Amson. I never saw her in my life before, to my knowledge.
Q. Are you certain you did not see her in Ambery's house?
Amson. I am certain I never did.
Q. to A. Pinborn. Will you be positive as to this man?
A. Pinborn. I will not be positive, but I think he is the man.
Court Look at him once more.
A. Pinborn. I do think it is the same.
Q. Will you swear what was the reason the man would not take the money; here is a man that had delivered goods the night before, and he came with a fresh order; he has delivered them, and the mistress comes down stairs, and offers to pay him the money, but he would not take it.
A. Pinborn. She would not pay him without the receipt and the bill, and he would not give it to her; I did not stay to listen to what was said, for they had a great argument.
Q. Did he, at that time, say whether he had the bill and receipt about him or not?
A. Pinborn. I have no more to say; I heard no more.
Q. How came you below?
A. Pinborn. I came down to look after her; I lived there till there were people in possession of the house. Then my mistress said she had no occasion for me.
Q. to Amson. Was there any discourse between the prisoner's wife and you about the bill and receipt?
Amson. No, there was not; she never mention'd the bill and receipt to me that morning.



               Guilty
            .
See No. 44, in Sir Charles Asgill's mayoralty.




[Transportation. See summary.]


