





105. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Felton 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing four linen sheets, value 4 s. a damask table-cloth, a stuff gown, a linen gown, a dimity petticoat, five linen aprons, a pair of leather shoes, a baise petticoat, a white petticoat, a sattin cardinal, a pair of shift sleeves, a hat, two laced caps, and two plain caps
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Newman 
                  




                
            , December 18
. ++


                  Margaret 
                  Newman 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Newman 
               



            ; we live at the Bluecoat-boy , a public-house in Duck-lane


; the prisoner used my house: I had been very ill, and, upon my coming down stairs, I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; this was on the 18th of December: some I missed from out of my own room, and some from other rooms: my own daughter, a little girl, was missing also; I advertised her.
Q. How old is your daughter?
Newman. She is thirteen years of age. Upon advertising her, I found her and the prisoner, on the 28th; I went before the sitting alderman, but my child was brought home the night before. The prisoner had an apron, a handkerchief, a hat, and cap on, all my property; she said the girl was as willing as she to go away with her.
Q. Did she say which way she came by the things?
Newman. She confessed she went into the girl's room, and the girl threw the things to her, all but one pair of sheets, which she took herself from a line in the garret; she let me know where most of the things were; some in Gravel-lane, at Mrs. Fosset's; some at Mr. Clark's, in George-yard, Spital-fields; some at Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Slee 
               



            's, Cox's-square; and some at Mr. Brown's, in Coleman-street: I went and got very near all my goods again, according to the directions she gave me.


                  George 
                  Slee 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Cox's-square. He produced an apron, four caps, and a pair of shift sleeves, which the prisoner pledged with him, on the 17th and 18th of December.


                  John 
                  Scott 
               



            . I live at the corner of Gravel-lane, Houndsditch. He produced two sheets and a tablecloth, which the prisoner pledged with him on the 18th of December.


                  Charles 
                  Clark 
               



            . I live in George-yard, Whitechapel. He produced two aprons, two petticoats, and a pair of shoes, pledged at different times, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Gray 
               



            : he could not recollect the prisoner.
Newman. The prisoner owned to me, that she pledged these things at this man's house.


                  Sarah 
                  Fosset 
               



            . I live at the Box-tree, in Gravel-lane, a public-house; the prisoner brought a pair of sheets and, a sattin cardinal to my house, about three weeks or a month ago, and said she had a few things to part with, and if they would be worth my while to buy them, it would serve her; as her husband had been some time out of work: I gave her twenty shillings for the sattin cardinal, and bought a pair of sheets of her also. (Produced in court).


                  Joseph 
                  Butler 
               



            . I found all these goods, produced here, at the several places mentioned.
Newman. These are all my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
The girl told me she had been guilty of a mistake, by robbing her mother; her father-in-law having used her very ill: I came to the back door, and she wanted me to go up stairs, to break open a box for some money, which she said was her property, but I would not: then she said her grandmother had left her some things; she took me into her own room, and said they were her own things, and delivered them to me.

For the Prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Willson 
               



            . I am a wine-cooper, in Thames-street: I served my time with the prisoner's father; she was a very sober girl when I left my master: she was brought up very well.
Q. How long is it since you left her father's service?
Willson. That is about eight or nine years ago.


                  Martha 
                  Allen 
               



            . I knew her about ten or twelve years ago; my husband was servant to her father: I have heard him say she was a very virtuous girl then: I have not known her lately.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against her for robbing her lodgings.
