





333. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Warrington 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Wall 
                     




                   , privately from his person
            , June 6
. ++
William Wall. About four or five of us had drunk two bottles of brandy and cyder at London Spaw; when I came into the Old-Bailey it was half an hour after 9 o'clock, being alone, I thought I would take a walk down the Old-Bailey and round Newgate-street; I am a Printer
, and was to begin work at 11, at Mr. Say's the Printer of the Gazetteer; the woman at the bar picked me up, and asked me if I would go with her to her lodgings; I consented, and went to a house in Fleet-lane


, two doors beyond the Sun and Row-barge, and into a first floor; I missed my watch about a quarter before 11, I felt that I had it when going in at the door; 
               
                  Lucy 
                  Crane 
               



             brought us something to drink, the woman at the bar went away out at the door before I could get down stairs, I missed my watch; I asked 
               
                  Lucy 
                  Crane 
               



             after it, she said if I would come and bring a guinea with me, she would insure the watch.
Q. How came you to know 
               
                  Lucy 
                  Crane 
               



             so well?
Wall. She was mentioned before the sitting Alderman; I went directly home, and five or six of our people came along with me to St. Sepulchre's watch-house, and took a parcel of the watchmen, and the Constable of the night; he knocked at the door, and 
               
                  Lucy 
                  Crane 
               



             would not let us in; the Constable of the night pulled down a window-shutter, then she let us in; four or five of the people made over the houses, and four or five of us followed them, by going up a trap door; we took the prisoner below in the next house; she owned she had been in my company, but had not the watch, but would not own that before the sitting Alderman. I never found my watch again.
Q. What reason have you to think she stole it?
Wall. I saw it in her hand in the room that night, and asked her for it, she said I should not have it; I do not know whether it fell out of my pocket.
Q. Was it possible it might fall out?
Wall. It might; there is a bed in the room, I was upon the bed, I was afraid to take it from her, the place had so bad a name.
Prisoner's Defence.
He said he knew me, because I had a red cloak on, but I had no red cloak on.
She called 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Crips 
               



            , 
               
                  Ann 
                  Dawset 
               



            , 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Montford 
               



            , 
               
                  Roger 
                  Hillhouse 
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  King 
               



            , who all said they know no harm of her.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            . 


               T
            .
