






10. 11. (L) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Langley 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  John 
                  Green 
               



             , were indicted for 


               stealing 168 l b, of lead, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hudson 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Cole 
                        



                      
                  , fixed to a certain house or building
            , the property of Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Lee 
               



            , Bart. Nov. 24
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Hudson 
               



            . The two prisoners were labourers

 at a building that Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Cole 
               



             and I had agreed to build.
Q. What are you?
Hudson. I am a carpenter
.
Q. Where is this building?

Hudson. It is where the fire was, joining St. Magnus Church. We had at sundry times missed lead and iron from a room that we had locked up, and also from another place, in an old house that we were to repair, joining these buildings, at Fresh wharf. A neighbour gave me the descriptions of two men that he suspected, which were Green and Mend, who had stole some lead. I had people to watch several nights, but at last Adam Alsop saw them go in at the gateway: he came and told me of it; I bid him watch them again, and come to me to Fleet-lane, where I had had information they had sold lead. I went there, and got a constable to attend me. Alsop came, and told me he had seen them both come out, with each a bag on his shoulder. We waited in Fleet lane about an hour; 
               
                  Charles 
                  Mead 
               



             came first empty, and the other after him, loaded with lead and iron: we took and secured them, and had them before Sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Gosling 
               



            , at Guildhall, the next day. Mead, in the mean time. offered to turn evidence, and tell us where he had sold lead and iron: he said he sold some lead to one Grayham in St. Giles's, that dealt in old lead and iron.
Q. Did Green confess any thing?
Hudson. No, he did not; we had taken the lead and iron upon Green, and that was produced there.
Q. What quantity of lead did you lose?
Hudson. We lost one hundred and three quarters of lead, cut from a flat on the top of a house.
(A piece of sheet-lead produced in court.)
This was not produced before the alderman, this we had from Grayham's house, after Mead had confessed: Grayham is now in custody, for receiving this and more. I and the constable went with Mead, and found it in Grayham's shop.
Q. Whose lead do you look upon this to be?
Hudson. I look upon it to be the property of me and my partner; it was fix'd on the top of a flat roof that belongs to Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Lee 
               



            ; it had been a dwelling-house, but was then uninhabited.
Some iron bills produced.
These we found also; they did belong to the jibb at the water works at the bridge.
Q. What have you to say against Langley?
Hudson. I know nothing against him, but what Mead gives an account of: he charges him with being concerned only once, and says then he was much in liquor, and his dividend was but two shillings and two pence. I have enquired after his character, and find it very good.


                  Charles 
                  Mead 
               



            . This lead here produced is what Green and I carried up to Grayham's.
Q. What do you know of Langley?
Mead. I know nothing of him but once; then we went into Fleet-lane, that was only once; Langley had no concern in taking this lead.
Q. Where did you get this lead?
Mead. We got it from off a flat at an old house joining to where the fire was, near St. Magnus church.
Q. to Prosecutor. Is that the place where you miss lead from?
Prosecutor. It is the very same place.
Mead. Green got it from off the flat. I and Langley pull'd it, while he cut it: Green had placed an old axe by on the joists, in readiness against night.
Q. What did you sell it for a pound?
Mead. We can hardly tell what we had a pound for it. We cut it to pieces in his shop, he had not weights to weigh it at once.
Q. What is he?
Mead. He keeps an old iron shop.
Q. What me did you sell it him?
Mead. We sold it him about 8 at night: we were there four times. We all three work'd together as labourers, at the buildings after the fire.
Q. How much lead did you sell in Fleet-lane?
Mead. There were 102 lb. but we were paid for but a hundred, at a penny a pound, 8 s. 4 d.
Q. to the Prosecutor. What does this weigh?
Prosecutor. This does not weigh above 25 lb.
Q. to the Prosecutor. What is the real value of old lead?
Prosecutor. I believe it was about 12 s. 6 d. or 13 s. a hundred, at that time.
Q. to Mead. What did you do with the money?
Mead. We divided it equally amongst us three.
Green. That Evidence was cast for transportation some time ago. ||.
|| See Mead tried No. 175 in Sir 
               
                  Charles 
                  Asgill 
               



            's Mayoralty, for stealing iron and lead, the property of Mr. Poe, at Islington.
Clerk of the arraigns. He has since got the king's pardon. [The letter produced.]


                  Adam 
                  Alsop 
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Hudson, I watched the prisoners several nights, but never could see them but once; they, Green and Mead, went down the gate-way, I was in one of the warehouses at the time, and about an hour after they came both up, loaded each with a bag on his shoulder; this was about 7 in the evening; I can't tell the day of the month. I told this to my master, he went, and I followed him, to Fleet-lane. They were taken and secured.

Q. Was you present when the prisoners were examined?
Alsop. I was, they confessed it before the alderman.
Q. Did both of them confess it?
Alsop. They did, both of them.
Q. from Langley. Did you ever see me with the prisoner or evidence?
Alsop. No, I did not.


                  Jonathan 
                  Bowles 
               



            . I am a constable, I apprehended Green and Mead on the 4th of November. Langley was brought to me next morning.
Q. Was you present when he was examined before the alderman?
Bowles. I was, there Mr. Hudson charged them all three, and they all three confessed it.
Q. What did Langley say?
Bowles. He owed he had been concerned once.
Langley's Defence.
I had three or four of my master's promised to come, but they are none of them here.
Green's Defence.
I never did so before, Mead was the ringleader and author of it.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Langley: Branding. See summary.]






[Green: Transportation. See summary.]


