






77, 78. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     White 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sculfer 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a wooden glass-frame, called a show-glass, value 16 s. twenty-seven paper snuff-boxes, value 3 l. nine tooth-pick cases, seven steel watch-chains, twelve metal seals, eight gilt necklaces, two hundred and thirty-two pair of metal buckles, seventy-two metal shirt-buckles, and divers other goods
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Carrall 
                  




                
            , November 12
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Carrall 
               



            . I live in the Cloysters, near Smithfield


. I lost my show-glass from my door, with a large quantity of goods in it (the goods mentioned in the indictment, and many others), on the 12th of November, pretty near 5 o'clock in the evening. About 9 o'clock, I was told that a person at the Cock and Crown, in Little Britain, could give me some account of it: I went there, and he took me to Shoemaker-row, where I saw it, with many of my things in it; it was at the house of Mr. Stephens. (A large show-glass, about five feet long, with goods in it, produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutor).


                  Moses 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I live in Shoemaker-row. I apprehended the two prisoners with this show-glass, and things in it; they had got it, one at one end, and the other at the other, on their shoulders, in Vine-court, Shoemaker-row: Mr. Stevens came, and the show-glass and things were deposited in his house: the prisoners were committed, and the prosecutor came and owned the things.
Mr. Stevens confirmed the testimony given by the last witness.
The prisoners in their defence said, they were desired by a few woman, who had got the glass-case in Fore street, to help to carry it.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
