





280 (L.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of - Murrell, otherwise 
Sarah Brooks



            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing a copper saucepan, value 4 s. a linen sheet, value 18 d. a box-iron, two heaters, a wooden pail, and a pair of bellows, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ross 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging-room, let by contract
            , &c. February 14
. ++


                  William 
                  Ross 
               



            . I live in Gravel-lane, near Petticoat-lane


; the prisoner took a lodging-room of me, ready furnished, at 2 s per week, the things mentioned in the indictment were part of the furniture.
Q. Has she a husband?
W. Ross. No, not as I know of: that very day week she took the room I had word brought me she was taken with a warrant, for robbing a gentleman of a great quantity of silk: I went to one Murrell, in the Tower, whom she calls her husband, to enquire where she was; he told me she was not his wife; he said he heard she was in Clerkenwell-bridewell. I went there to her, and asked her for the key of the room, and where the goods were; she delivered me the key, and said she had made away with the saucepan and a sheet: I came home and looked in the room; there I found all the things, mentioned in the indictment, were gone: she told me she had pawned the sheet at Mr. Taylor's, Catharine-wheel-alley, Bishopsgate street, and the saucepan at Mr. Dellope's. I went to her again, and told her the other things were missing; then she owned she had pawned them also, and told me where; the pail and bellows at Mr. Dellope's, and the box-iron at Mr. Taylor's: we found them accordingly.


                  Sarah 
                  Dellope 
               



            . The prisoner brought the saucepan on the 16th of February, and the other things the day after.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was summoned to the Court of Conscience: I was in so much distress I went and pawned them.
To her Character.


                  William 
                  Wood 
               



            . I have known the prisoner upwards of four years; she lived servant with me upwards of a year; she was very careful and honest in my house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
