





403. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Arthur 
                     Kane 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one razor-case, value 2 d. and three razors, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Warren 
                  




                
            , July 17
. ++


                  Charles 
                  Warren 
               



            . The prisoner came into my shop (I am a barber
) in Banbury-street, St. Giles's.


 he asked if I could make a good wig for a guinea; but I was not at home: my lad came and told me a man had been shaved, and took away a razor-case and some razors: he went with me to shew me the man, which was the prisoner at the bar. I said, how came you to take my razors away? he threw them down, and said, there, d - n your eyes, there they be. I took him before the justice; he was for fighting me, and said, if ever he got clear of me, he would murder me and the constable too, and he would send the justice to hell.


                  Thomas 
                  Culymore 
               



            . The prisoner came into the shop last Tuesday night, and asked if I would make him a good wig for a guinea? he said, he had a good deal of money to take for service on board a ship: I left him in the shop, and the razors on the table; they are my master's razors: when I was returning back, I saw the prisoner in the possession of my master and the constable.
Charles -. I am apprentice to the prosecutor. I was in the shop at the time the last witness went out to dinner; then I shaved the prisoner, and he took the razors, and went out, without paying for shaving; then I went and told my master; we followed him, and took him: I saw him throw the razors down.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing about it; I lost my senses, by the cuts I received in the two last wars.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
