





499. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Dover 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a crape gown, value 3 s. a flannel petticoat, value 1 s. a callimancoe petticoat, value 1 s. a pair of stays, value 1 s. and a holland shift, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Element 
                  




                
            , widow
, July 27
. ++


                  Susannah 
                  Element 
               



            . I lodge in Castle-street, at the top of St. Martin's-lane


. On the 27th of July, I was ill in bed: a little before nine o'clock, the prisoner came into my room, and asked me after a woman in the house; I made her little reply; she kept talking to me, for I was very heavy and sleepy: the things mentioned in the indictment were in a bundle, lying on a table in the room; my cloaths that I wear, were lying on the bed: presently I did not hear her; I thought I heard something crack, and looking-round, I saw my cloaths were gone; I screamed out, and said, I am robbed; I called the people down stairs, and told them the prisoner had robbed me; she and the things were gone: her father went in search of her, but could not find her: the next morning she was found, and had on my quilted petticoat, shift and stays: she pulled them off in a public-house, and they were delivered to me; she said, the other things were pawned: her father, she, and I went together, and found them in Tottenham-court-road.


                  Judith 
                  White 
               



             and Fra. Hardey deposed, they pledged the things at the request of the prisoner, to Mr. Lawrence, and delivered the money to her.
Mr. Lawrence, the pawnbroker's servant, deposed, he took them in of the two witnesses.
The prisoner in her defence said, the prosecutrix sent her with these things to pledge.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
