





247. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dennison 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 2 linnen sheets, value 5 s. 2 blankets, value 10 s. one quilt, value 4 s. one linnen counterpane, value 1 s. one silk gown, value 30 s. one callico gown, value 15 s. 2 dimity petticoats, value 10 s. one silk cardinal, value 20 s. one silk bonnet, one waistcoat, 2 callico window curtains
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Sibley 
                  




                
            , widow
, July 12
.*
Mary Sibley. I live at Waltham cross , in the parish of Chesson


; the prisoner lodg'd one night in my house.
Q What house do you keep?
M. Sibley. I keep a public house
; the next morning he was gone, and I miss'd 2 silk gowns, a callico gown, 2 dimity petticoats, a flower'd or stripe cardinal, a bonnet, a red and white stripe flannel waistcoat, a pair of sheets, a pair of blankets, a quilt, and a counterpane.
Q. Where did you lose them from?
M. Sibley. From out of the room the prisoner lay in.
Q. When did you miss them?
M. Sibley. I miss'd them on the 12th of July in the morning.
Q. Have you seen any of your goods since?
M. Sibley. I saw them since at a public house at Newington; there they had secur'd the prisoner.
Q. What did the prisoner say?
M. Sibley. He said nothing, but hop'd I would be favourable to him.
Q. Did he own that he took the things?
M. Sibley. He did not deny it.
Q. Did you charge him with taking them?
M. Sibley. I did.


                  Elisha 
                  Webb 
               



            . I am an officer at Newington; 
               
                  John 
                  Glass 
               



             called me up, and said a person had been robb'd, and that they believed they had got the person that did the robbery in hold; I went with him; he gave me charge of the prisoner at the bar.
Q. When was this?
Webb. This was rather before 6 in the morning on the last day of the last sessions at Hicks's hall; I do not know the day of the month; the things were in a cart when he was detected; the prisoner said they were his property; they also were delivered into my care; he was ask'd where he came from; he said, he lodg'd at Mrs. Sibley's. (The goods produc'd in court, and depos'd to by the prosecutrix.
Prisoner. He says, I said they were mine; I did not know any thing of them, till they were found upon a country cart.
Q. to Webb. Did you hear the prisoner say the goods were his?
Webb. I did; he said several times they were his.


                  John 
                  Glass 
               



            . A man came and told me, a Man had had some stakes at Waltham cross, and had gone away and robb'd his lodgings of things of great value, and described him; he had not been gone many minutes before a cart came up to the door, and the prisoner came from under the tilt of the cart, and went up in a corner to make water. I followed him into the house, he call'd for a pennyworth of beer; I said to the man of the house, according to the description just given, this is the man that has done this robbery; he said, perhaps he belongs to the cart; we ask'd the man that drove the cart, if he knew any thing of him; he said, he was to bring him to London for six pence; I said, have you got any bundle of his? he said he had; then we took him upon suspicion of this robbery; then I went to fetch a constable.
Q. Where was this?
Glass. This was at the White Hart, just on this side Newington, in Hornsey parish, we took the bundle from off the cart.
Q. Did you hear him say any thing about the goods?
Glass. I, going for the constable, did not hear what he said.


                  Tho 
                  Boote 
               



            . I was by when the prisoner was seized, and I took care of him while Mr. Glass went for a constable. As soon as the bundle was brought into the house, and pitch'd down, the prisoner said it was his bundle. I ask'd him in particular if it was his; he said it was. After he was secur'd, he then own'd he had robb'd his lodgings. I ask'd him, if any others were concerned with him; he said there were two men, but he did not know their names.
Q. Did he say where his lodgings were?
Boote. He said they were at Waltham.

Prisoner's Defence.
I was going a harvesting; I call'd in at the prosecutrix's house with a bit of beef stake, to have a sup of beer, and to dine; the woman dress'd my stake, and the people were playing at skettles, and two men were going to play at backsword; there was a corporal that drank with me till between twelve and one; I was so much in liquor I could not go up to bed; they got me to bed, and there was somebody with me, who it was I don't know; how these things were taken away I don't know; I did not know they were there, or that I had any hand in it, till I came before the justice.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


This is the same person who was admitted an evidence by the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Child 
               



            , against 
               
                  John 
                  Guest 
               



            , 
               
                  Peter 
                  Mason 
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Henfield 
               



            , for stealing lead from off of Stepney church. See No. 195, 196, 197, in Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Glyn 
               



            's mayoralty. He was since convicted at Stafford.
