






363, 364. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Weaver 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Elliot 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing thirty-nine bushels of coals, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Leonard 
                     Phillips 
                  



                
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , June 3

. ||


                  Leonard 
                  Phillips 
               



            . I had an order to lay in his Grace the 
               
                  Duke
                   of Marlborough
               



             some coals at the cheapest price; I took an opportunity to lay them in on the 3d of June; I trusted Weaver as carman
, with four more; I worked five carts that day; the thirteenth load that he should have delivered in that day, were never delivered at his Grace's, (he produced the ticket No 13.) the coals were put into the cart; the evidence Richardson, who was sent to trim the coals, voluntarily surrendered, and gave me the account of Elliot, the receiver: I went and brought Elliot before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , there he owned he paid no more than 24 s. for thirteen sacks of coals, and he offered me four times the value if I would not prosecute him; he owned to the receipt of them.
Q. What is the value of thirteen sacks of coals?
Phillips. I was to have received after the rate of 36 s. a chaldron; there were thirty-nine bushels of coals, they cost me 29 s. in the Pool. I took Weaver yesterday morning in his own house; I charged him with being accessary to the sale of these thirteen sacks of coals; he owned they were bought by Elliot, and he owned to his receiving part of the money; and said, that Richardson was a receiver in part with him.


                  Richard 
                  Richardson 
               



            . I was the person that was to trim the coals at the Duke of Marlborough's for Mr. Phillips; Weaver called me out of the cellar, and said I was to go along with his cart; there were thirteen sacks of coals; I brought the coals up, and he met me just at the bottom of the Haymarket; he said, give me the ticket, I'll go and carry it, do you go to Elliot's house and shoot the coals; I went with the cart there.
Q. Where was the cart loaded?
Richardson. It was loaded at Mr. Phillips's wharf; Weaver's name was on the ticket, as car-man; Elliot helped me to shoot the coals at his house; Weaver waited for me, and met me in Pallmall; he said to me, you must give the ticket to the Duke's porter the next time, and tell him I forgot it; he said, the porter is to have a crown of the money, and that he was a party concerned. The next load of coals that I came with, I gave the porter two tickets, and said the other man forgot to give him one before; the porter said the coals have not been here; he would not take the ticket: then I went to Elliot and got 5 s. 3 d. and offered it to the porter; the porter said, I wonder what you mean by this, I'll have the coals in; the next load I went and got another 5 s. 3 d. of Elliot, and offered the porter the two 5 s. 3 d. pieces; he would not take them, and insisted on having the coals in. At night I went to Elliot and got the remainder of the money, 24 s. in the whole; he had three bushels in a sack, thirty-nine bushels in the whole. The next morning Weaver sent his wife to me at the stable; she was like a mad woman, and said her husband had had no rest all night; then he sent for me to an ale-house, and said we must go to Elliot, and make up the money to buy the coals; we went and asked him whether he would give any more money, and we laid the whole money down upon the bench; he said he would give no more; our fellow servants heard of it, and told it about that we had sold a chaldron of coals.
Q. What became of the 24 s.?
Richardson. Weaver took it up, and gave me 2 s. of it.
Q. from Weaver. Whether you did not stay along with me till all the money was gone, and 8 s. of my own money?
Court. That question will do you no good.


                  Joseph 
                  Cleeve 
               



            . I am porter to his 
               
                  Grace
               


             the Duke of Marlborough; the coals came in on the 3d of June; when Weaver brought two chaldrons of coals, he said, I can be 5 s. in your way; I said, how; let me alone for that, said he; I said, do you intend to leave any of the coals by the way, if you do, I'll do no such thing: he wanted me to take a ticket when no coals were delivered; I refused to take the ticket; Richardson came and offered me a 5 s. 3 d. I refused it; after that he came again with two; I refused them, and insisted on his bringing the coals; the next morning Weaver came and offered me 24 s. I refused to take it; he said if he was found out, he should come very badly off.
Weaver's defence.
I was not in the place when the coals were shot; I was as drunk as could be; I never set my eyes on the coals after they were loaded; I went home through the Park as drunk as I could stand.
Elliot's defence.
I knew nothing of the coals coming in; I was quite in liquor that day; I did not give the evidence two 5 s. 3 d. pieces, I paid them all together.
For Weaver.


                  Thomas 
                  Freeman 
               



            . I have known Weaver twenty-five years; he always bore a very good character.
Weaver 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Elliot 

               guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
