





145. (L.) 
               
                  Hannah, wife
 of - Moseley


            , was indicted for 


               stealing one muslin laced handkerchief, value 2 l. 2 s. one pair of double ruffles; one pair of double gause ruffles, with blond lace; one yard of minionet, laced, set to a sooting; two yards of minionet; four yards of blond lace; half a yard of mechlin lace; one pair of double muslin ruffles; one muslin mob, laced; one flower'd minionet mob, laced; one clear muslin mob, with mechlin lace and footing; one lawn mob; one mechlin laced cap; 1 flower'd lawn bordered apron; one Holland double clear muslin handkerchief; 1 striped border'd muslin handkerchief; one clear lawn handkerchief; one cambrick handkerchief; one flower'd gause handkerchief; two clear lawn tuckers; one spotted lawn tucker; two gause tuckers; two pair of cotton stockings; one pair of black sattin shoes; a yard and half of long lawn; one flannel petticoat; three shirts; one pair of white finger gloves; one pair of mittins; several remnants of clear lawn; four yards of new ribband; three pair of childrens cotton stockings; and other things; the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Stanynought 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling house of the said Joseph
            , March 3
.~


                  Joseph 
                  Stanynought 
               



            . I live in St. Bride's


 parish. The prisoner came to live with me on the 8th of January as a hired servant. My wife was brought to bed on the 1st of February. The prisoner had the keys of the child-bed linen, and other things. On the 3d of March at her own desire I discharged her. Between the 1st of February and the 4th of March I lost all the things mentioned in the indictment. She was taken before the sitting alderman. We had a search warrant, and went to the house of Mrs. Higby, in St James's-street, where she had lodged; there we found a great number of the things, which my wife can give the best account of [produced in court and deposed to by Mrs. Stanynought].


                  Mary 
                  Higby 
               



            . I live in St. James's-street, Westminster. The prisoner had a box at my house. She brought a great parcel of things the Monday before she was taken up, and untied the handkerchief on the bed. I saw her put the things in the box. I remember a pair of double ruffles. I was the less surprized, as she told me she had a great many good things at her uncle's. She had been with me ever since the month of June. The prisoner told me she gave half a guinea for the ruffles. She had been bringing things from the fourth or fifth of March.
Avery Tow. I live servant with the prosecutor. I came on the third of March, the day the prisoner was to go away. I was by the fire in the kitchen. She came to me, and asked for some pins to pin her bundle. One of the bundles was unpinned, and the things fell down; I picked up a pair of double laced ruffles; I saw two laced caps, one of muslin with a footing to it, the other a flower'd minionet with a lace; a flowered lawn apron, and a gause apron: the handkerchief in which they were was a red and white spotted one, there was in another bundle a great quantity of lace, some of which had the millener's marks upon them; there were some damask napkins, and three pair of white cotton stockings.
Prosecutor. The three pair of white cotton stockings were found at Newington, where the prisoner's child was at nurse.
A. Tow. The prisoner took out of her pocket a pair of double ruffles, whipped, and put them on her arms. I was surprized to find the prisoner, who was but a servant, should have so many good things. She said, when her mistress was in a good key, and the devil out of the way, she would give her a few things. I asked her, what she did with napkins? She said, her mistress would not allow towels in the family, and so she was obliged to use them. Afterwards I took occasion to speak to my mistress, and said, the last maid had got a great deal of lace, and a great many fine things: then my mistress went to her drawers, and missed the things; this was the first of missing them.
Mr. Roberts. I am constable. I searched the house of Mrs. Terry at Newington, and found three pair of cotton stockings on the 17th of March [be looked them out from the other things, deposed to by the prosecutor's wife].
Prisoner's Defence.
This is quite false what the servant maid has swore against me. She was not in the house an hour and a half before I went away. I was not in the kitchen with her. The stockings I bought for my child. They charge me very wrongfully. I never wronged them of any thing.
For the Prisoner.


                  Ann 
                  Young 
               



             who had known her upwards of three years;
Mrs. Terry (who has her child at nurse) about a year; and


                  Mary 
                  Rice 
               



             about three quarters of a year; all gave her a good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
