






293, 294. (L) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dixon 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven linen shirts, value 5 s. one handkerchief, value 6 d. and a pair of leather breeches, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Malcom 
                  Hamilton 
               



             ; and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Barber 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Sept. 1

.~


                  Malcom 
                  Hamilton 
               



            . I live in Aldermanbury



. On the 1st of September I had some shirts tied up in a handkerchief, and on the 2d, my servant going up stairs, came down again, and said a quantity of my linen was gone. I recollected that the day before in the afternoon, between three and four o'clock, I saw a man come out of my house, as I was standing over the way, discoursing with a neighbour about some business, and the man's foot took the step of the door, and he tumbled into the street. I did not know him at that time; he had a bundle in his hand tied up with one of my handkerchiefs, a very remarkable one; I immediately knew that: it was a white handkerchief, with a single stripe of crimson wove in it; it was a French handkerchief: I imagined it had been somebody that the washerwoman had sent for the linen. He went away with the bundle. The next day, or day after, I advertised the things. There were seven shirts, that handkerchief, and a pair of leather breeches missing. By virtue of the advertisement, a person came and informed me of having seen such a man as I saw with the bundle, go into the prisoner Barber's house with such a bundle. I got a search warrant, and found five of my shirts. The officer went with me. I found four of them at the house of one Parker, and one at the house of one Wells, and the officer took Barber to the Counter. About a week after the prisoner Dixon was taken [The shirts produced in court, and deposed to, marked M. H.]
Cross Examination.
Q. Where does Barber live?
Hamilton. In the Minories.
Q. What did she deal in?
Hamilton. It appeared to me that she dealt in old cloaths and handkerchiefs.
Q. Who gave you information?

Hamilton. 
               
                  Jane 
                  Munrow 
               



             did. She said, she had seen the man come often to Barber's with bundles.


                  Jane 
                  Munrow 
               



            . I live next door to Mrs. Barber. I saw Dixon bring some linen in a handkerchief, such as described, about ten o'clock in the forenoon, on the 2d of September. There was a sleeve standing up in the parcel.
Q. What sort of a shop does Barber keep?
J. Munrow. She keeps an old cloaths shop. He went into the shop, and I saw them go backwards to a little parlour, and the window curtains to the parlour were drawn. I saw the prisoner go out again without the bundle, and Mrs. Barber come to the door. He came again on the 3d. with another bundle: I saw them but slightly. He went out without them.
Q. Was you near enough to know what passed between them?
J. Munrow. No; I was not. I saw him again on Saturday the 4th. He carried away the handkerchief, with one of the shirts in it; and Mrs. Barber was gone out to a house near; she was called back again. The handkerchief was not 'tied; the shirt lay loose in it, and he held it by the corners. Her daughter that forenoon had seen the advertisement. I went to her for the paper; she took it up, and followed me out, and said, What a sad thing this is for my mamma to buy these things this gentleman's linen, part of it is in the house now. She said, some of it was carried to Mr. Parker's, and some to Mr. Wells's.
Q. What are Parker and Wells?
J. Munrow. Parker is a butcher, and lives going into the Minories, by Rosemary-lane. Wells is a butcher, and his wife deals in the millinery way. I went and gave the gentleman information of what I had seen.


                  John 
                  Parker 
               



            . I am a butcher; I live near Little Tower Hill. My wife bought four shirts of the prisoner Barber, but I was not at home at the time. When they came with the search-warrant, they said they were informed my wife had bought four shirts very lately. I said, she had of Mrs. Barber. I delivered them to Mr. Hamilton. Then we all went up to Mrs. Barber's. They asked her, if she did not sell my wife some shirts? She said, yes, she sold her four. Mr. Hamilton said to her, You bought more than four of the man that brought them. She made use of some bitter oath, and said, she bought but four of him, and that the man looked like a gentleman's servant; that he said, his master was a captain in the army, and was killed in battle, and he had got his shirts to sell. Mr. Hamilton said, he had a strong suspicion some of the shirts were disposed of to some other butcher in the neighbourhood. She was taken up. Then we went to Mr. Wells's: I asked the girl if her mistress was at home? she said, no, I said, I am come to ask about some shirts your mistress bought of Mrs. Barber. The maid said, she bought but one of her. I went in the evening; then Mrs. Wells fetched down the shirt. She is here in court After this, I having had Dixon described to me, stopt him as he was coming by my door. He seemed to loiter, and had nothing to do. I tapt him on the shoulder, and said, I should be glad to ask him a question. I got him to sit down and eat a bit of beef, and sent my man up to tell Jane Munrow I believed I had the man in my house that brought; the things to Barber. She came: I asked her, if she knew that man? She said, yes, that is the man that had Mr. Hamilton's shirts. Then I sent for a constable, and took him up. He had a woman with him, whom he said was his wife.
Q. What did your wife give for the four shirts?
Parker. She gave 26 s. for them.
Q. to Mr. Hamilton. What are your shirts worth?
Hamilton. I suppose they are worth a guinea a piece. The cloth is worth 4 s. or 4 s. 0 d. per yard.
Q. from 
               
                  Dixon 
                  Did 
               



             I make any resistance when you stopt me?
Parker. No; but I did not tell him what I wanted till I got proper assistance with me. He told me then, he had been but four days out of Ireland.
Cross Examination.
Q. What does Mrs. Barber deal in?
Parker. The chiefest things are handkerchiefs, that hang at the door.


                  Mary 
                  Parker 
               



            . I bought these four shirt, of Mrs. Barber.
Q. Had they marks on them?
M. Parker. They had. I gave 26 s. for them. I bought them between two and five in the afternoon.
Q. They are good shirts, are they not?
M. Parker. They are worth that money; if they had not I would not have bought them.
Cross Examination.
Q. What does Mrs. Barber trade in?
M. Parker. I have seen handkerchiefs and caps-hang at the door.
Q. Did you ever buy any thing of her before?
M. Parker. I have bought handkerchiefs of her.
Q. Did the linen come clean to you, or dirty?
M. Parker. Clean washed; we cannot be a judge how much linen has been worn.
Q. Did Barber tell you what she gave for them?
M. Parker. No.


                  Jane 
                  Wells 
               



            . I bought one shirt of the prisoner Barber. [Produced in court, and deposed to.] I gave her what I thought might be half the value it cost.
Q. Were there any marks on the shirt?
Wells. There were two letters on it.
Dixon's Defence.
I was not in London at the time this robbery was committed; I have a witness here that saw me below Coventry.
For Dixon.


                  Ann 
                  Clark 
               



            . I live in Holborn.
Q. How long have you lived there?
A. Clark. About a month or five weeks.
Q. What part of Holborn?
A. Clark. In Plumbtree-court, Shoe-lane, at one Mrs. Honyborns; she sells fruit; I only lodge there.
Q. Where did you lodge before you lodged there?
A. Clark. I was coming from Coventry about the 10th of September last; I went into the house of one Mrs. More, at the sign of the Ship there, and 
               
                  John 
                  Dixon 
               



             was sitting by the fire; he said, he knew me; I told him, he had the advantage of me, for I did not know him; he asked me where I was going? I said to my husband; he was coming from on board a ship: I asked him, how long he had been there? he said, a quarter of a year.
Q. How came you to be so particular as to the time?
A. Clark. Because I was to be in town on the 18th day of the month; I came to Holyhead in the packet on the 1st of September, and travelled through all Wales to Chester, and reached that on the Monday by two o'clock, that was the 6th day of the month.
Q. How long was you travelling from Chester to Coventry?
A. Clark. I was from Tuesday about three or four in the afternoon, till Friday night about six or seven; I asked at Mrs. More's for lodging.
Q. How came you to remember this to be the man?
A. Clark. Because he told me he was scanty of money, and he was lame and not able to walk; I left him behind; he came to me the day he came to London; I think that was the 15th or 16th day of the month.
Q. How did he know where to find you?
A. Clark. I told him he would find me at the Royal Exchange; I sell fruit there; and if he did not find me there, he would find me at the Horseshoe and Magpye in Plumbtree-court; I had lived there about two years ago: he told me he had lived in East Smithfield.
Q. How came you to six upon the 10th of September that you saw him at Coventry?
A. Clark. I went in there at Mr. Kirkman's; he asked me to stay and work there; but I told him I must be in town on the 18th. I had worked there before.
Barber's Defence.
I never set my eyes on Dixon in all my life, till I was sent for to see it I knew him; I looked about and did not know him? He asked me, if I know him? I said, I did not. I was standing at my door when a man came (he was near six feet high) in ruffles, a gentleman's servant, his hair was tied behind; he cheapened a handkerchief of me, and asked me, if I bought any thing, and said, he had some shirts to sell; I said, if he would let me look at them, I would buy them if I could; he had them in a blue and white cheque handkerchief; he asked 30 s. at that time for four; I told him they were too good for my shop; but if they were his own property, I would give him a crown a-piece for them; he said, that was too little; I asked him how he came by them? he said, he appeared like a gentleman, why should I dispute him; I said, I should be very sorry to be brought into trouble; he told me, his master was killed, and he had made him a present of them, and he wanted some cheque shirts as he was going abroad: he took 20 s. for them. The next day he came again; I am out from nine till five or six in the evening; I cry things about the streets, and deal in what God sends me from pawnbrokers; he had a cheque shirt on when he came the last time; I gave him a crown for the shirt he brought; it was the only one brought then.
For Barber.


                  Mary 
                  Proctor 
               



            . I live in the Great Minories; I have known Mrs. Barber 12 months; she keeps a public shop, and deals in gowns, petticoats, and all other second-hand cloathes.
Q. What is her general character?
M. Proctor. I never heard no otherwise but that she always bore a very good character, and worked very hard for her living.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  Jane 
                  Munrow 
               



            ?
M. Proctor. I do.
Q. What is her character?
M. Proctor. She has a very indifferent character in general; I never heard any body give her a good character in my life.


                  Wm 
                  Saybrook 
               



            . I live in Fenchurch-street; I have known Mrs. Barber seven or eight years; her husband is a bricklayer, he has worked for me ten or a dozen years: she has two children; she deals in old cloathes, and keeps an open shop; she has a very good character for an honest hard-working woman.


                  Tho 
                  Laycock 
               



            . I have known her five years; I live in Northumberland-alley; she is a dealer in old cloathes.

Q. What is her character?
Laycock. As far as I know of her, her character is that of a very honest, industrious woman


                  Morris 
                  Jones 
               



            . I have known her, I believe, seven or eight years.
Q. What are you?
Jones. I am a salesman.
Q. What is her business?
Jones. I have known her to buy and sell second-hand cloaths.
Q. What is her general character?
Jones. Her character in general was, in selling goods cheaper than any body else.
Q. Was she reckoned to be a very honest woman?
Jones. I don't know that.
Q. Was you subpoena'd?
Jones. I was.
Counsel. I'll ask you no more questions.


                  Nicholas 
                  Wade 
               



            . I have known her six or seven years; I never heard any thing amiss of her character in my life.


                  Matthew 
                  Hays 
               



            . I have known her upwards of 20 years.
Q. Where do you live?
Hays. I live in Thames street; I am a bookbinder by trade.
Q. What is her character?
Hays. Always a very hard-working industrious honest woman.


                  Jane 
                  Fryer 
               



            . I live in Anchor-street, Bethnall green, I have known her six years and upwards; she is a very honest woman as far as I know. I am in the brokering way.


                  Mary 
                  Seal 
               



            . I have known her 11 or 12 years; she has a very good character: I have dealt with her for a great many pounds.
Q. Where do you live?
M. Seal. I live in Charter-house-lane; I take in pledges: I always found her to be a very honest woman.


                  Mary 
                  Lawson 
               



            . I have known her from before the hard frost, which I take to be about 22 years ago; she was always a very honest pains-taking woman: I have dealt with her these 12 years.
Q. What is your business?
M. Lawson. I am a haberdasher and milliner, and live at the Rising-Sun, in Russel-street, Covent-garden.


                  Mary 
                  Downs 
               



            . I have known her about 12 months, by coming backwards and forwards to Mrs. Lawson's shop; I am her servant: My mistress used to tell me, to let her have any thing she wanted if she came when she was gone out for she was a very honest woman.


                  Sarah 
                  Saunders 
               



            . I live in Church-head-alley, Rosemary-lane; I have known Mrs. Barber between four and five years; she bears a very honest character.


                  Margaret 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I live in Church-head alley; I have known her near five years.
Q. What is her character?
Taylor. She has a very good character; she is a very industrious pains-taking woman.


                  Mary 
                  Robertson 
               



            . I live in the Minories, about a stone's-cast from Mrs. Barber; I have known her 20 years: I never heard any other of her, than that of a very honest hard working woman. I have been in her shop when she has bought things, and have heard her ask the people, whether they were their own property before she bought them.
Dixon 

               Guilty
            



               T
            .
Barber 

               Guilty
            



               T. 14
            .
