





460. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Burford 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, together with 
                     
                        John 
                        Miller 
                     



                   not taken, on the 17th of July
, about the hour of twelve in the night the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Dailey 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing one silver snuff-box, a shell snuff-box, a mother of pearl snuff-box mounted in silver, a silver watch-case, three silver pencils, five silver cases for pencils, and ten silver dial-plates for watches, the property of the said Samuel, in his dwelling-house
            . ++


                  Samuel 
                  Dailey 
               



            . I am a jeweller
, and live opposite Long acre, Drury-lane


; my house was broke open between the 17th and 18th of July. I went to bed about eleven on the 17th, and always my rule is to see that every thing is fast before I go; all was fast that night; when I got up the next morning I found one of my shutters cut with a hole in it, and a pane of the show-glass broke, and the goods laid in the indictment were gone; the next witness can give a farther account.
Markas Garnick. I live in Houndsditch; (he produced the things mentioned in the indictment;) the prisoner brought these things to me on the 18th of July, about eleven in the morning, and asked me whether I would buy any plate; there were two more men with him, one of them named Millar, the other Alexander; they waited at the corner of Petticoat-lane; I went with the prisoner to the Crown and Thistle in Catherine-wheel-alley; he first desired me to be upon honour; I said I would; when we came into the yard he shewed me the plate; he asked 4 s. an ounce for it; I took and put it in my pocket, and told him I should stop the things and him too; I brought him to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; then Mr. Marsden, the clerk, told me there was a prosecutor for them, who had been to have them advertised; (the plate produced in court.)
Prosecutor. Some of these things I have had a great while, they are all my property.
Prisoner's defence.
On Friday the 18th in the morning, I was going to Whitechapel to see my father and mother in Three-un alley; I met with a man, who said he had some old silver to dispose of; I said I knew a young fellow a Jew, I would ask him if he knew any body that would buy it; I went and spoke to him, and he went and got this Markas Garrick; he told him to go to a public-house; then Alexander came and said Garrick was at the top of the street, and he desired me to take the plate, because Garrick would not buy it of any body but me; I never had it about me till that minute; it was delivered to me in the open street; then Garrick took me to a public-house and hand-cuffed me; Garrick and Alexander came to me when I was in the Gatehouse, and said, for 3 or 4 l. they would get the bill thrown out.
Garrick. I went into the Gatehouse to a Jew that was there; when I was talking to the Jew, the prisoner came and said, when you have done with him, I should be glad to speak with you. Then I went to him; he took me into a little room, and said, it will be a discredit to my parents, and to throw my money away on counsel is doing nothing, it will be better to put it in your pocket to get the bill thrown out; I did say yes, fearing I should have a knife run through me; he mentioned three, four, or six guineas, and said, I have got a brother can advance it; but I never went near him since.
The prisoner called 
               
                  William 
                  Coney 
               



            , a chair-maker, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dale 
               



            , - Askew, 
               
                  John 
                  Mackay 
               



            , 
               
                  Richard 
                  Weedle 
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Pickering 
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Wood 
               



            , who spoke well of him.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
