





220. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Giles 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               robbing 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Beazley 
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, on the king's highway, of a cloth cloak, value 5 s. a linen apron, value 2 s. two silk and cotton handkerchiefs, value 3 s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 1 s. and two guineas, the property of the said Elizabeth, against her will
            , Feb. 16
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Beazley 
               



            . I came from Causom, by Reading; I came up to London in the Maidenhead coach, and was set down in Piccadilly, on Shrove Tuesday, a little after five; I was promised a lodging at the Brown Bear; they sent me to another place, where they thought I might lie, about two furlongs from thence; they shewed me down the street; I went by myself, but could get no lodging; I was standing crying at a china-shop; the soldier
 at the bar came to me, and said, young woman, why do you cry; I said, I am a country girl, a stranger here, and can get no lodging; he said he would provide me with a lodging, at a good motherly woman's house; he said he would stay at his centinel-box till eight, and then he could go along with me, this was near seven; he took me by the hand, and led me to his centinel-box, they call it Spring-garden gate


; he said, put your bundle there; I said I could hold it; he took it out of my hand, and put it into the box; there was another soldier came; then he told me to go for a pot of porter, and bring change for a shilling; he went and shewed me the house, and I went in; they would not let me have it, I not bringing the money; when I came back, he had carried away my bundle, with the things mentioned in it, the two two guineas were in one of the handkerchiefs; the soldiers were then both gone, his fire-arms were in the box; the prisoner soon came; I asked him where was my bundle; he said he had sent a young man of my own country for it, and he had taken it away; I cried, and was very uneasy; then he said, if I would not make a disturbance, and would stay till eight o'clock, he would help me to it again; I said till eight; he went away, and said he would fetch it, and left his fire-arms in the box; he was gone a full half hour; after he came, there came five or six soldiers with fire-arms, and he went away, and another was left there; the other soldier told me, my bundle was in the other centinel-box; I went there and saw it, they would not let me have it; then I went back to the other soldier, then the prisoner came there; he took me to the bundle, and took that, and led me away; I trembled very much; he asked me several times what the d - l was the matter with me; he led me just by the Canal into a dirty place, and threw the bundle down, and spread them about, and used me very ill, and said, if I offered to cry out he would throw me in. I picked up my bundle as well as I could in my apron, then he had me to the house of a chairman; I there looked in my bundle to see what was lost, the things mentioned in the indictment were missing; I lay at that house all night; the next morning the chairman and I went and told the officer what had happened; he sent for all that were upon duty that night, and I told him the prisoner was the man; he was carried before a magistrate and committed; he said he found the things; the next morning I got my cloak, stockings, and apron again, but the handkerchief and money I never saw since.


                  Thomas 
                  Page 
               



            . I live in the house where the prisoner is quartered; last Saturday morning, about eight o'clock, I found a cloak, a white apron, and a pair of blue stockings, in a corner-cupboard in his room; when I brought them down, they told me the soldier was to be examined that day before Justice Fielding, so I went and carried them there; the girl and soldier were there, and she swore to them.


                  James 
                  Atchinson 
               



            . I keep a lodging-house; last Tuesday, about nine at night, this young woman came in, in a bad condition, all dirt and nastiness, crying; she asked for a lodging, and told us what had happened to her; the next morning I went with her to the Park; at Spring-garden gate she shewed me the centinel-box, it is within a dozen yards of the china-shop; then I came down to the Horse-guards, and enquired for the officer of the guards; I told him what had happened; he desired me to go with the serjeant, and find the man that had used the girl ill, if possible; the girl and I were desired to walk about; when the men were got together, the girl pitched upon the prisoner, and said he was the man; he was called in, and charged with it; he denied it; the officer ordered us to take him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; he denied every thing there; Sir John committed him to Bridewell. On the Saturday Page brought the things, the girl owned them to be her property; then the prisoner said, he went back and found the apron under the tree where he had been using the girl badly, and said he found the cloak and stockings in the centinel-box that night when he went back.
Prisoner's defence.
I was at the centinel-box at Spring-garden gate that night, the girl stood crying at the china-shop; she said she had no lodging, or money to pay for one; I told her she, might come into my box if she pleased; she came in, and laid her bundle down herself; I walked about for some time, then I went into the box to her; we fell into discourse; I prevailed upon her to be concerned with her in the box; after that, the centinel at the lower gate desired I would send for a pint of purl; I asked her if she would go for it, she said she would she desired I would carry her bundle down to the other centinel-box; she came back, and said they would not let her have any purl without the money, and she had none to pay for it; upon that the centinel sent up again; I told him I could have none without the money; it began to be eight o'clock, then the relief came; I sent my firelock up by one of the other men, and came to her, and got her bundle again; then we went down by the Canal; I laid the bundle down, she sat down by it, there we were concerned together again; after that we got up, and went through the Horse-guards; I desired her to stop, while I went to see for 
               
                  Peter 
                  Grieves 
               



            , my comrade, that keeps a house in Orchard street; when I came back for her, she was gone; then I went back to the trees where we were, and found the cloak, apron, and old stockings; the next morning, she and the chairman came, and made a complaint, she said she had lost two guineas in a handkerchief; then I was confined in the guard-room; I sent 
               
                  Richard 
                  Higgins 
               



             for these things, in order to deliver them up, and my landlady refused to send them unless I came myself.
Prosecutrix. He behaved very civilly to me in the centinel-box, and did not offer any such thing there, but he did use me ill near the Canal, and threatened to throw me in it if I resisted; I have not been well since, he used me very ill.
- Beazley. I am brother to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Beazley 
               



            ; she did live at Causom, servant to Lord Cadogan's keeper; I knew nothing of her coming to town, or I should have met her; I live with a cow-keeper and farmer at Camberwell; she always had a very good character.
Q. to E. Beazley. How came you to come to town?
E. Beazley. I was in another place, it was a very hard place, and I left it, and came to London, thinking my brother might recommend me to a place here.
For the prisoner.


                  Richard 
                  Higgins 
               



            . I am a serjeant in the third regiment
, the same the prisoner is in; I was at the at the lower end of Spring-gardens; the prisoner came and brought a bundle to my box, and desired me to take care of it; after that there came a well-dressed man by, and asked me why I was not doing as my brother-soldier at the other box; I said, what is that; he said, he has got a girl in his box, and is - her like hell. Soon after the relief came, I gave the other soldier charge of the bundle; I heard no more of it till nine the next morning, when the girl and chairman came to the guard-room; they said she had been robbed and ill used; the prisoner was taken up; after that, he desired me to go to his quarters, telling me there were such and such things there, and to desire the landlady to send them.
Q. Did he mention what things?
Higgins. He did not particularly say what things, but that they were wrapped up in such a place; the landlady told me, there had been one there before, and she had refused sending them, and she would not let them go till he came himself.


                  Peter 
                  Grieves 
               



            . I was on the guard with the prisoner on Shrove Tuesday; I was relieved at eight o'clock; I went down to the suttling-house, the prisoner came in a little before nine; he had a cloak under his arm, publickly among a number of soldiers; he said, the wife he had had is gone and left her cloak behind her; he said he had been looking for me, to tell him where he could get her a lodging, but she had no money, and he had only three farthings.
Honor Perry and 
               
                  Walter 
                  Davidson 
               



            , a serjeant, appeared, and said the prisoner had a good character.
To the prosecutrix's character.


                  William 
                  Stow 
               



            . I live by St. James's church; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Beazley 
               



             lived twelve months with my father-in-law, Mr. Wright, the keeper at Causom; she behaved very well there.




               Guilty of felony. Acquitted of the robbery
            . 


               T
            .
