





360. (M.) 
               
                  Colin 
                  Hay 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth great coat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Walter 
                  Feild 
               




             , June 1
. ||


                  Walter 
                  Field 
               



            . On the first of June I lost many things; but found nothing on the prisoner but a cloth great coat, which I found upon him the same day. I am a publican
. He came to my house and called for a pint of beer. The coat being at the further end of the club room, my little boy said, Mind that thief! he never comes here but he robs us of something. I went out about my business. My wife can give a farther account.
Mrs. Feild. I am wife to the prosecutor. After my husband was gone out, I heard the club room door move. I ordered my little boy to go up and see what the prisoner was about. He came down and said the prisoner at the bar had stole his dada's great coat. It was too big to be hid under his coat, for the flap of it hung out. I laid hold of it. He took and threw it out at the window, held up his fist at me, and got out: he made a full stop to take up the coat, but did not take it. I went out and called, Stop thief! He cried Stop thief! all the way he ran. He was taken in about two or three hundred yards. My child is about nine years old.


                  Mary 
                  Jones 
               



            . I live next door to the prosecutor. I was going to sit down in the box by the prisoner. He said he was going out about business. After that I heard the child say he had got something in the club room. I heard a great tussel. After that he drove out of the house, and Mrs. Feild after him.


                  Edward 
                  Millicote 
               



            . I saw the prisoner run, and the child after him. He was taken, and I had the charge given to me of him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had not the coat at all.
Mrs. Feild. The prisoner confessed before Justice Girdler, that he had the coat.
The prisoner called 
               
                  John 
                  Kelly 
               



            , who said he believed him to be an honest man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
