





137. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Graham 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 23 s. in money numbered, the money of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Walker 
                        




                      
                  , from the person of the said James, privately
            , March 10
. +.


                  James 
                  Walker 
               



            . I have no great matter to say against the prisoner. I was walking along the street very fuddled, and met with her, and she directed me to her lodgings.
Q. Did she go along with you?
Walker. She did; I believe I was just able to walk along, and up into her room.
Q. Was any body else there?
Walker. I cannot justly say whether she was by herself or not at first, but presently after there were two more; they asked me whether I would give them any beer. There was some beer drank.
Q. Where was this?

Walker. I cannot tell where; it was down the Strand, I cannot justly say where.
Q. Did you know her before?
Walker. I never saw her before in my life. I had nothing to do with her, I only gave them liquor. I was not capable of getting out of the room.
Q. How long was you in the room?
Walker. I cannot tell; they called for something of a dram, and that dram and the other liquor together finished me.
Q. What money had you about you?
Walker. I thought I had about 25 s. the prisoner confesses to 23 s.
Q. Where did she say she had it from?
Walker. From out of my pocket.
Q. Where did she confess this?
Walker. This was before the justice.
Q. How came you to take her up?
Walker. After I had slept awhile, and recovered myself, I got out of the room and went away, and was persuaded the next day to take her up, which I did.
Q. Did you get any of the money again?
Walker. I did some of it.
Q. How long did you stay in the house?
Walker. I did not stay above two hours and a half.
Q. Who was in the room when you awaked?
Walker. The prisoner, 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Sutton 
               



            , and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Turner 
               



            ; they awaked me out of my sleep; I then felt in my pocket, and said I had been robbed. I carried them before justice Welch, in Long-acre, there she confessed the taking 23 s. out of my pocket.
Q. When was the prisoner taken?
Walker. The next night after that.
Prisoner. I am the wrong person. He brought in another woman, she is now in confinement, she bolted the door; afterwards I came up stairs and carried up some beer.


                  Eleanor 
                  Sutton 
               



            . I was coming up stairs, and the prisoner came out, and said, there is a young woman has got a young man in the room, and sat down on the stairs; by and by she blow'd out the candle, and put some money in her lap. Whether she had got the man's breeches, or not, I cannot tell, the candle being out; but, after that, she went and threw something on the bed, she went down stairs immediately and paid her rent.
Q. Did you see any money?
E. Sutton. No; I heard it. She said there was some money, and hoped there was some gold.
Q. Did you see the prosecutor along with any body else?
E. Sutton. I saw him along with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Turner 
               



             in the prisoner's room. The prisoner after this got her cardinal out of pawn, and new pumps, and new every thing.
Prisoner's defence.
The young woman that he picked up was up stairs with him. She is now in confinement.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


