





193. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Monk 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver table-spoon, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Bradshaw 
                  




               
            , Esq
; Jan. 30
. ++


                  Catherine 
                  Kinsey 
               



            . I live at Mr. Bradshaw's. On the 30th of January I was coming down stairs between five and six in the evening, I opened the door, there was the prisoner, he appeared like a brewer's servant
; he asked me when we wanted beer in; I said I could not tell, and desired he would call again: he said he must have the empty cask, for the dray was waiting at the bottom of the street; I desired him to go down and fetch it; I went into the parlour to deliver a message, and met him coming up again without a cask as I came out; I asked where the empty cask was; he muttered, I thought he said there was never a one; in about half an hour after another servant wanted a cloak that hung in the servants hall; she asked me if I knew any thing of it; I went to look, and found it was gone; then my fellow servant searched the drawer, and missed a silver table-spoon; my master wrote to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and it was advertised on the Monday, and the pawnbroker brought it to Sir John's.


                  Daniel 
                  Lawler 
               



            . I missed the spoon about an hour after the prisoner had been there; the pawnbroker produced it at Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's; it has a crest on it, it is a stag under a thorn-tree.
John Lane. I am a pawnbroker. On the 30th of January about eight at night, the prisoner came by the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Williams 
               



             with this spoon, he asked 8 s. upon it; I stopped it, and when I saw it advertised, I went with it to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's; (produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
There are more brewers servants besides me, I am not guilty of the fact.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
