





472. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Rossiter 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver punch-ladle, value 2 s. one table-spoon, value 3 s. one silver pap-spoon, val. 2 s. one pair of silver tea-tongs, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shepherd 
                  




                
            , Oct. 2
. *


                  William 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . I was a patient in St. Bartholomew's Hospital, a person came and let me know I had been robbed, I went and found the prisoner in custody, and the things said to be found upon him, my property.


                  James 
                  Bird 
               



            . I was sent for about three weeks ago to take charge of the prisoner; the prosecutor's wife was sent for, she was asked, if she knew anything of a punch-label? She looked at it, and said it was her property; he was taken backwards, and there he pulled out the other things mentioned in the indictment, and delivered them to Mrs. Shepherd, and said he did take them.


                  Sarah 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . The prisoner lay in a room of mine, where these things were in a buffet in the room. The prisoner went out in the morning, and I, having been gone out afterwards, was sent for between 5 and 6 in the afternoon, and was told, the prisoner had offered a punch-ladle to sale, I knew it to be my property, asked him, if he took away any of the other things from the buffet? then he went into a back room and took out the other things mentioned in the indictment, and delivered them to me.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found these things in a piece of brown paper on the stairs.
He called five people to his character, who said they never knew any ill of him before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
