





350. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jenkins 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 3 linen shirts, value 14 s. a pair of thread stockings, value 1 s. a pair of cotton stockings, value 1 s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s. and 2 muslin neckcloths
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Botham 
                  




                
            , May 15
. +


                  Peter 
                  Botham 
               



            . I live in Surry-street in the Strand


, and deal in the coal-trade
. The prisoner was servant to my barber
, and used to come and shave me and fetch my wigs. Things being missing at sunday times, we mistrusted him, and he was searched, and a shirt was found upon him.


                  Ann 
                  Maxfield 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor: we first missed two shirts, about six weeks ago; after that a pair of stockings. We knowing nobody came into the place but him, we mistrusted him; so I laid a shirt to trap him, and we left him in the room by himself. After he was gone, we went into the room, and the shirt was gone; then my master went and took him up, and I was by when the shirt was taken out of his pocket. (Two shirts, two neckcloths, and three pair of stockings produced.) These are my master's property; one of these shirts was taken out of his pocket, the other things were found upon him; this was on the 15th of May.


                  Robert 
                  Lockbard 
               



            . I am constable: I took the prisoner in custody at his master's house in Arundel-street, on the 15th of May; I found these things in the prisoner's master's house: the prisoner said they were his own property: they were in a handkerchief of his own: the shirts are marked with the initial letters of the prosecutor's name. I was before the justice when a shirt was pulled out of his pocket; he owned afterwards, that they were the prosecutor's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not know what I was about when they took me up; they took me before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and put me in such fear, saying they would hang me, I was so frighted, I did not know what I said.
He called 
               
                  John 
                  Watkins 
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Jenkins 
               



            , and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Wyate 
               



            , who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
