





516. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Crew 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-two store pigs, value 11 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Steel 
                  




                
            , October 1
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Steel 
               



            . I live near Wallingford, in Oxfordshire


. I lost twenty-four hogs, on the 27th of September, in the night; I found twenty-two of them at Brandford, in the prisoner's possession, he lives about seven or eight miles from me: I knew the hogs to be my own; I bred twenty-three myself: the prisoner was offering them to sale in the market; he said he bought them.
- Howard. I am chief constable of Brandford. Mr. Steel sent for me to take a man that he suspected had stolen his pigs, and had got them in the market: I went, and saw the prisoner, he asked me if I wanted to buy any pigs? Mr. Steel came up, and we secured him.


                  James 
                  Harran 
               



            . I live with Mr. Steel: I saw the pigs in the evening, in our yard, on the 27th of September; they were gone the next morning; I saw them at Brandford, after they were taken from the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the pigs of one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Collings 
               



            ; I have sent into the country, and cannot find him any where. I live at Luckner, in Oxfordshire, and buy and sell pigs: I have a yard and layer for pigs: I expected witness to-day, but did not think my trial would come on so soon. Collings is a dealer in pigs, and lives with Mr. Tufnel, in London.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Alderson 
               



            . I live in Exeter-street, and deal a little in the brokery way: the prisoner married my wife's sister. I have known him about three months: since this affair happened I have enquired into his character; when I first knew him, he was a farmer's man; his master gave him the character of a very industrious man. We expected him to have been tried at Oxford, or he would have had a great many to appear in his behalf. I never heard that his character was stain'd before.


                  Solomon 
                  Gunston 
               



            . I have known him some years, though. I have not been acquainted with him lately; his character was very good before he left Oxfordshire: I have known nothing at all of him since.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
