






222, 223. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Robinson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Lovell 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing a watch with a shagreen case; value 3 l. a silver watch, value 3 l. and a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bowen 
                  



                
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , March 12

. ++


                  Jane 
                  Bowen 
               



            . My husband is named James; he is a butcher
; we took in the boy Robinson out of charity, to carry out meat: he had been with us about a fortnight. On the 12th of March I miss'd the things mentioned in the indictment, between eight and nine at night; the watches used to hang on a hook in the parlour; the buckles were with the shoes, under the table; 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Connor 
               



             brought one watch the next day, about four o'clock; he had stopped the two prisoners. I went to see the boy in Bridewell, on the other side of the water; I asked him where the rest of the things were; he said the other watch was sold, and he had had a guinea for it; but the other prisoner, the gypsey, said he sold the watch for 25 s. I asked him where the shoes and buckles were; he said Lovell had the shoes on his feet, and Lovell had sold the buckles for a crown. Lovell said that was true. Justice Dawson delivered the things to the constable: the boy told me the gypsey threatened to cut his throat if he did not bring out the bundle. (He had bundled them up in my husband's apron.) He owned he had lodged in a house where 
               
                  Lovell
               


             the gypsey lived, and he did belong to a gang of pick-pockets; and Lovell used to see after them; and that Lovell came to our house on the Sunday night, to see for him. I found the buckles and the other watch at the silversmith's.



                  John 
                  Bargess 
               



            . I am a goldsmith and watchmaker, and keep a shop in the Borough; the gypsey at the bar brought this pair of silver buckles to me, about eight o'clock in the morning, the 13th of March; he said he was just come from sea: he offered them for sale, I gave him 7 s. for them; after that he said he had carried two watches to sea, for a venture, and had brought them back again: I bought one of him for 25 s. (produced and deposed to.)


                  Christopher 
                  Conner 
               



            . Lovell, his wife, and two or three boys, the boy at the bar was one, came to my house in the morning of the 13th of March. I keep a publick-house, near St. George's Church over the water; he called me aside and pulled out a watch, and asked me if I would lend him a guinea and a half till the evening, or the next morning; I refused it: presently he pulled out a guinea and wanted change, I changed it; he went out and left the boys and his wife behind, to pay the reckoning: I desired the boys to go about their business. About two or three hours after Lovell came in again with a bad shilling, and said he had it of me, and insisted on having it changed; I knowing he never had that from me, would not change it; there was a gentleman by, who said to him, Where is that watch you had this morning? here it is, said the gypsey; the gentleman said he would give him a tankard of beer to tell him the number of it; he told us quite a different number. Then the gentleman desired I would stop the watch and man, till he got a constable; then we took him before Justice Dawson; the boy at the bar came after us, to prove the gypsey came honestly by it; but the boy soon confessed the gypsey encouraged him to steal it from his master, a butcher in Holbourn; he also confessed he had robbed his master of another watch and a pair of buckles: the gypsey pretended this watch was a gold one, but it is only silver gilt.


                  John 
                  Worstenhall 
               



            . I am the officer: I had the prisoner in custody; as near as I can recollect, the words that have been mentioned were the words the boy and gypsey made use of.
Robinson's Defence.
I went to a house for some linen, and met with Lovell; he followed me home: he came again on the Monday night, and wanted me to do this thing; but he went in and took them all away, and gave them to his wife, and she put them into her bosom.
Lovell's Defence.
I came from Portsmouth on the Sunday morning, and on the Tuesday night this boy came to the house where I lay, and said his master had turned him away, because he staid a little too late; there were two other boys; they sent half a crown out, and got a pint of gin: I was fast asleep when he brought these things. The next morning I was going over to the Borough, to fetch some things cut that I had pawned; this boy and two others came over the water after me; he brought into a house, where I was, a breast of mutton and a quartern loaf, and asked me if I could sell him a pair of buckles: I went and sold them for 7 s. then he gave me the watch to dispose of for him; I went and asked 3 l. for it; the gentleman gave me 25 s. for it: the boy said he took the things from his father, and was going to Portsmouth.
Robinson, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Lovell, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
