





17 (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Wallis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one wooden chest, value 12 d. a woollen coat, a waistcoat, a pair of breeches, value 2 s. two shirts, value 2 s. six stocks, value 6 d. three pair of hose, and a pair of linen sheets
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fleming 
                  




                
            , Oct. 19
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Fleming 
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-lane


, I am a watchman
; the prisoner lodged at my room; I let the prisoner lie in my bed on nights when I was out, he lay there the 17th, 18th, and 19th of October; I left him in bed, put out the candle, and locked the door, and took the key with me on the 19th, and I came home the next morning and found him in bed; I lay down on the bed by him; I had locked the door, and laid the key in the window; I awaked betwixt six and seven, and found him dressed ready to go away; I got up, and missed my box with some of my things in it, under my bed, it was removed; I lifted up the bed and found it was broke open, and some things were taken out; I challenged him with taking them; he denied it at first, but when I said I would take him before the Justice, he said they were still in the room; he took them from behind the curtain, tied up in a table-cloth; he got off while I was looking at them; I missed the key of my room.
Q When had you seen your box last?
Fleming. I saw it when I went out upon duty that night, and the things in it; on the 22d of October, about nine at night, I had been to the watch-house; I came back in five or six minutes. and found my room door open, and the key in the door; I found my chest was taken away; that was safe when I went to the watch house; it was about a yard long, and three quarters wide, and about a quarter of a yard deep; I suspected the prisoner; there was a coat and waistcoat, three shirts, and some stockings. On the 1st of November he was taken up in Brown's-garden, and put in the watch-house. I hearing there was a Black there, I went and found it was him; I desired him to tell where my things were; he acknowledged that he had taken my chest; he said he had sold the coat and waistcoat in St. Giles's, and pawned the shirt near Golden-square, and the chest was broke at his own lodgings; I went with him, there he delivered it; then we went and found the coat, waistcoat, and shirt as he had said; (produced in court, and deposed to.)
Mr. Pickering deposed to his buying the coat and waistcoat of the prisoner, some time about the 26th of October.


                  Benjamin 
                  Fryer 
               



            , a pawnbroker, deposed, he took in the shirt of the prisoner on the 27th of October.
Prisoner's defence.
I bought the coat and waistcoat in Monmouth-street, there was another Black with me at the time, but he is not here.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
