





511. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Caleb 
                     Broadhead 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 31st of August
, about the hour of twelve at noon, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Fordham 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, no person being therein, and stealing a shirt, value 3 s. a hat, two pair of worsted stockings, a linen gown, and a duffil coat, the property of the said Abraham
            . ++


                  Abraham 
                  Fordham 
               



            . I live in a lane going from Highgate


 to Hornsey


; I have four children, but we were all out; I sent my wife home to get supper; she came crying, and said, the house was broke, and the things gone; the prisoner worked for the same person I do; we suspected him, we searched for him, but could not find him till last Monday se'nnight; we found the coat and gown, and my stockings the prisoner had on his legs.


                  Sarah 
                  Fordham 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Fordham 
               



            ; I found our house-window was cut out, and taken away, and the things mentioned in the indictment were gone; all were fast when we went out.


                  John 
                  James 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Golden-lane; this gown the prisoner pledged with me for six shillings on the 1st of September.


                  Samuel 
                  West 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, the prisoner pledged this coat with me the 1st of September (both produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
There was another along with me, he broke the window, and I went up stairs and took the things.




               Guilty of stealing the things.  Acquitted of the burglary
            . 


               T
            .
