





224. (L) 
               
                  William 
                  Hall 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing one fish skin razor-case, value 2 s. 6 d. four razors, value 17 s. 6 d. a pair of scissars, value 1 s. one hone, one razor-shop, and one glass bottle, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Preston 
                           Cartwright 
                        




                      
                  , privately, in the shop of the said Preston
            , June 17
. ++


                  Preston 
                  Cartwright 
               



            . All I can say is, these things, mentioned in the indictment, are my property [Producing them] it is a shaving equipage.
Q. Where do you live?
Cartwright. I have a shop in Lombard-street


; I was not in the shop when the things were taken, I was sent for from my house into Bishopsgate-street; I went and found the razor-case and things, and prisoner, in the custody of Mr. Nash, one of my Lord-Mayor's marshal-men.


                  John 
                  Cash 
               



            . My master had been at work, and was gone to dinner; the prisoner came into the shop as my master had left his tools about; I put them up together; the prisoner took up one of them from the vice bench, and played with it, and presently said, Good bye, I am going. He had the tool under his coat. I said, do not go, Where is the tool you was playing with just now? He said, I have none. Then I took it out from under his apron. He pointed up to a knife, and said, What is the price of that? I said, one shilling. Said he, I have been at Birmingham, and can buy as good a one for sixpence. I said, you don't want any thing, you had better go about your business. I want to go, he put his hand behind him, and from under his apron took up this razor-case, with the things in it. I missed it directly. I goes to him, and said, you have got something else now. He said, no, I have not. He had his hands behind him, first he shewed me one, and then put that behind him, and shewed me the other. I went to feel behind him, and he ran away directly, and I after him, calling out, Stop him, and he was taken.


                  John 
                  Crocker 
               



            . I was at my door, facing the Mansion house, and heard a boy cry out, Stop him, stop him. I saw the prisoner come running down Cornhill; he crossed over the way; I ran over after him. Ju st as he came to the paved-stones, he dropped the case; I took it up, and ran and laid hold of him.
Q. to Cash. Look on this case, and those instruments, do you know them?
Cash. These are my master's property, the same that the prisoner took out of our shop.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took it up only out of a joke with the lad.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


