





139. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Clark 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three guineas, and one half guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Morgan 
                  




                
            , January 10
. ++


                  James 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I am a serjeant in the Westminster militia
. About the 10th of this instant, in the morning, I had a little business to do in Darkhouse-Lane. I went down there at about twelve o'clock at night. After I had settled my business, I came away. I saw the prisoner making a great riot at the corner of the lane, with a parcel of watchmen. There was a man in a sailor's dress, whom the watchmen kept in their custody, and bid the prisoner go along. She went over the way: I went to her, and asked her, what was the matter: she said the sailor had followed her some time, with intention to force her against her will, and said, if she could not get away from him, she would drown herself. I asked her where she lived; she said in Shoreditch. The man came, and seized her again; and swore he would take her away; this was at the top of Thames Street. I said to the prisoner, Come along with me, you shall be safe with me. I gave a watchman a shilling to see her safe out of the man's way. She said, I will not go without you. I went with her as far as Cornhill; then she said, I would go with her to a friend's house, I might have a bed, and she should be out of the man's way. We got in a coach, and she directed the coachman to Prince's-Street by Lincoln's-Inn Fields, to the Golden Key


. When we got there, she got out and knocked at the door, and said the young man has been very good to me to night, let him lie here. She bid me give the coachman a shilling, saying, Take care you do not give him gold. I said, How do you know I have gold? I dare say you have, replied she. We went in. After a while she said, here is four shillings to pay for a bed, if you stay here. I thought I had better pay that, than go out into the street at that time of the night. I changed half a guinea and paid it. We were lighted up stairs. Then said she, What will you drink. I said I did not care for any thing. Said she, I'll have a bowl of negus, that is the best liquor in the world. I observed the girl that belonged to the house and she whisper at the room door. I insisted on knowing of the girl what the prisoner said to her. Then the girl said. The prisoner wants to borrow a smock of me, she has never a one on. I asked her if she would lend her one; she said, no: but she told her she would lend her an old bed-gown. I found I could not lock the door on the inside: then I desired the girl to walk out and lock it, and put the key in under the door. She did so. When I had the key, I counted my money, which was three guineas and a half, and a five-and-three-pence in gold, which I put in my waistcoat pocket. I had some silver: I cannot tell how much. Said I, You did not bring me here with the intention to lie with me. As you have been so good as you have been, replied she, I can do no less. We lay together till morning. About eight, she wanted me to have coffee for breakfast. I replied, My pocket did not stand coffee fashion. Then, said she, Will you let me get up first? I said, Yes. She dressed herself. I then put my hand in my pocket, and had only my five-and-three-pence left. Then I got to the door and said, You dirty carrion, You have brought me here for something; you have robbed me of three guineas and a half. She said, If I touched her, she would swear a rape against me. Then came up a man that acted as a waiter: I told him of it. He said, You shall lose nothing here. She said she would not be searched by men, she would strip before the maid. I replied, If you are not ashamed to lie with a man naked, you need not be ashamed to be searched by men. Then the man said, Let the women be together. They went behind the curtain; after which she was willing to be searched. Then I said, I was afraid the other girl had my money: so between the man, maid, and prisoner, I lost my money. I leave it to the gentlemen which way I lost it. I found the door locked, and I had the key when I got up, and missed my money before the prisoner went out of the room.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been merry-making in the Borough and saw this man and two women just at the end of the bridge. I had a red cardinal on: he came and pulled me by my cardinal, and said, My dear, how far are you going? I said, It is no matter to you: I am going to my mother's as far as the turnpike in Shoreditch. Said he, Will you accept of a coach? I said, I do not care. I was much disguised in liquor. He called a coach, and spoke to the man to drive to Lincoln's-Inn-Fields: there he called for two bowls of negus. I never saw none of his money, nor the maid neither.
For the Prisoner.


                  Richard 
                  Welch 
               



            . I deal in old clothes, and live in the Maze, in the Borough. I have known the prisoner about five years. She gets her living by selling fruit. She was at my house yesterday was a week, and went away about ten or eleven at night.


                  John 
                  Wood 
               



            . I live in the Fleet-market. I have known her seven years. She is a very hard-working, industrious woman.


                  William 
                  Waterlow 
               



            . I live in Old Nicholas-Street, Bridewell Green: her mother lodges in my house, and she works with her mother in my house in winding mohair
. She behaved well in my house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
