





155. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Baldwin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver table spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Hayes 
                  




                
            , February 9
. +


                  Isaac 
                  James 
               



            . I am a waiter at the White Horse at Uxbridge


. On the 9th instant, February, we lost a silver table spoon. The prisoner was sitting drinking in the kitchen when I went to lay the cloth in the parlour, after which I saw him come out of the parlour: some time after I missed a table spoon, marked I. H. No. 2. The prisoner was then gone: I searched after him, but could not find him. I told my master, Mr. 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Hayes 
               



            , what I had lost.


                  John 
                  Atkins 
               



            . I live at Uxbridge. On the 9th instant, February, about one o'clock, 
               
                  Isaac 
                  James 
               



             asked me, if I had seen such a man, describing the prisoner. I said I had seen such a one go in at the Boar's Head: we went there, but he was gone; they told us which way he went; we pursued him, and came up with him as he was going upon the heath. Mr. James was about forty yards behind me. I seized him, and brought him back, but found nothing upon him. Samuel Lane took up the spoon and shewed it to James, who said it was the spoon that was lost, and was Mr. Hayes's property.


                  Samuel 
                  Lane 
               



            . I live at Hillington. Mr. Atkins asked me if I saw such a person. I said, I did. I went along with him; we saw the prisoner; but when he saw that we were after him, I saw him take something out of his pocket, and throw it into the ditch: I observed the place, and went to it; there I found this silver table spoon. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
