





8. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Smith 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eighteen china-ware basons, value 20 s. twelve china tea-cups, value 12 s. and seven other china cups, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  the
                   united company of merchants, trading to the East-Indies




            . It was also laid to be the property of a person or persons unknown, Nov. 10
. ++


                  John 
                  Milbank 
               



            . Mr. Rudock sent me along with a constable to shew him the prisoner, and I shewed him him, and a quantity of china-ware was found in his pocket. Where he got it I cannot tell.


                  Thomas 
                  Rothwell 
               



            . I had a warrant to apprehend the prisoner and another. I took the prisoner as he was coming out of the warehouse with this china-ware upon him, some in his coat pockets. Going along, I thought he had something in his breeches. I searched him before the Alderman in Guildhall, and found the rest in his breeches. I took him coming out of the company's warehouse in Seething-lane. One of the King's officers that is now here, said to me, Smith was gone, and would have prevented my taking him. I told him I would report him; the prisoner was got out of the warehouse, but not got into the street. (The china-ware produced in court, it was blue and white.)
Mr. Rudock. There is abundance of china-ware of all sorts in that warehouse. I cannot speak with certainty that there were such as these.
Prisoner's Defence.
I brought that china from on board the ship called the Sea-horse at Deptford, about six that morning, and came up to Iron-gate by water, because I would not lose my call. I brought it into the yard, and left it in an old chest, and hid some of it in my breeches, because the officer should not find it upon me.
For the Prisoner.


                  Robert 
                  Bunning 
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Rose-street, Long-Acre. I went with the prisoner on board a ship. I think it is called the Sea-horse. She lay at Deptford. We went on board as near as I can recollect between six and seven in the morning. He bought some china. I did not think it worth my white to buy any. I did not think it worth my notice. I saw nothing that I liked. He bought as much as came to fourteen or fifteen shillings. This was the 10th of last month.
Q. What sort of china were they?
Bunning. There were some cups and some basons, odds and ends he called them; to the best of my remembrance they were blue and white. After that he went one way and I another. I waited for a boat to carry me on shore on the other si de the water; he went up the river in order to get to his work to save his call.
Q. Was you present when he made the bargain?
Bunning. I was.
Q. How many were there of each?
Bunning. I do not know.
Q. Did he ring them?
Bunning. That I cannot say. I saw him examine some of them, he put them into two or three pockets, they were packed in some India paper; he took a boat and went up; he lives in Falcon-court on the other side the water. I called upon him that morning about five or a quarter after, there, and we walked together part of the way, and the remainder part when we came near the place we took boat and went on board.
Q. to Rudock. What time do you call over your men at the warehouses?
Rudock. We call about eight in the morning this time of the year.
Q. to Bunning. How long was you on board?
Bunning. I believe I might be on board about half an hour or better.


                  John 
                  Parkinson 
               



            , 
               
                  George 
                  Hewen 
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Stewart 
               



            , King's officers. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Clark 
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Mason 
               



            , 
               
                  Richard 
                  Boutell 
               



            , labourers to the company. William Hill, 
               
                  John 
                  Lisle 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Bowler 
               



            , and Mr. Lovegrove, all spoke well of him as to his character.
Q. to Rothwell. What did the prisoner say for himself when you found the china-ware upon him?
Rothwell. We all asked him if he could give any reason how he came by these goods; he did say in answer, he took them out of the warehouse. This was at Guildhall. The alderman heard him say the same.
Q. Did he say he put them in the warehouse first?
Rothwell. No, he did not.
Q. Did he say he brought them from on board the Sea Horse?
Rothwell. No, he did not.
Rudock. He said he had them out of the china warehouse, and did intend to carry them home. He did not say a syllable of having bought them on board the Sea Horse.


                  Richard 
                  Boutell 
               



            . The elder took a general survey, to see if any of these chests had been opened and could find none that had.
Q. to Rudock. What may this china be worth?
Rudock. I take it, these are worth about twenty-five or twenty-six shillings.


                  William 
                  Miller 
               



            . I was present when the china was found upon the prisoner before the alderman. He was asked how he came by them; he said he had them out of the warehouse.
Q. Did you hear him say any thing of having been on board the Sea Horse?
Miller. No, I did not hear him say any such thing.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
The court recommended to the company to prosecute Bunning for perjury.
