





545. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Whittaker 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing fifty-one bunches of beads, value 3 l. six dozen and four rolls of beads, value 3 l. twelve ounces of coral beads, value 40 s. seven bead necklaces, value 40 s. 17 setts of necklaces and ear rings, and other goods, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Parker 
                        




                      
                  , out of a boat on a navigable river, to wit, the river Thames
            , August 5
. +


                  William 
                  Parker 
               



            . I am a lighterman
. On the 4th of August my vessel was at Dice-key


; I had a parcel brought from Mess. Houston, Clark, and Crichton; it was a box containing (as I am informed) car-rings, necklaces, mock garnets, &c. they were stolen out of my lighter in Dice-key dock; the prisoner is my apprentice, he took them in and delivered them on board the lighter; he had been with me about four years and a half; the vessel lay aground, and we could not get her away that night; he absconded at the time.


                  Charles 
                  Dallass 
               



            . I am clerk to Mess. Houston and Co. I delivered a parcel of beads and car-rings on board Mr. Parker's vessel on the 4th of August; the box contained beads and necklaces, Mr. Howard packed them up, I delivered them with other things into the charge of the gangsman named Thomas Green, he is the wharsinger on the key; when the captain signed the bill of lading he disputed this parcel; he is the captain of the Union for Antigua. The box had W. 
               
                  Crowfoot, R


             154, on it.


                  John 
                  Howard 
               



            . I deal with Mess. Houston and Co. On the 4th of August I sent a box containing beads and necklaces marked W. 
               
                  Crowfoot, R


             154; I saw my servant pack them up; some of the goods are in court; there were various beads unmanufactured, fifty-one bunches of beads, six dozen and four rolls of beads, twelve ounces of coral beads, mock garnets, bead ear-rings, and sundry goods.


                  Samuel 
                  Jarrat 
               



            . I took the goods from the key, and put it on board the lighter; I am a porter; I received them of a carman, with a note that came from Mr. Houston's clerk; there were nineteen parcels, all marked W. Crowfoot R, four of the boxes were 154; Thomas Green is my partner; Mr. Dallass came with them; I delivered them to the prisoner at the bar, he took them in about one o'clock; I believe the lighter lay about two hundred yards from the ship; I shipped them all on Mr. Parker's lighter myself to the prisoner, who had the care of that boat; I delivered a note to carry with them; after that he went away and left her; he lay at the swinging chain, I saw him I believe an hour there before he left her.
Q. Was that boat on the river Thames?
Jarrat. It was.


                  John 
                  Butterfield 
               



            . I am a jeweller by business; I saw the goods at my brother-in-law's house named Holland, and I had them in my possession after that at my own house.
Q. When did you see them at your brother's?
Butterfield. That was about the 11th of August; the prisoner brought them to Duke's-place; he was gone with a Jew to get some of the coral beads out of pawn while I was there; he coming to my brother's, my brother's wife said I might buy them as well as any body else; the Jew got them out of pawn, and he was to buy the whole lump, but he would not come to my brother's-in-law; the prisoner left them all with me in Duke's-place; I gave the Jew a guinea to get the beads out of pawn; he promised to come to my house, but never came.
Q. What did you offer the prisoner for the whole of the goods?
Butterfield. He asked two guineas for them, all but seven necklaces and ear-rings.
Q. What did you offer him?
Butterfield. I offered him a guinea and a half, including those that were in the possession of the Jew.
Q. Did you not suspect they were stolen?
Butterfield. I had a suspicion they were.
Q. How came your brother and you not to stop them?
Butterfield. I did stop them the next day; I was wondering the prisoner did not come to our house; I went up to my brother-in-law, and told him I believed they were stolen, because I saw the shop marks upon them; I went to Mr. Howard's about them, thinking that was the only shop they might belong to.
Prisoner. He offered me a guinea and a half; I told him he should not have them under the other 5 s 3 d.
Butterfield. That is true:


                  Henry 
                  Holland 
               



            . I am a watch-case-maker; the prisoner used to come to my house about twelve months ago; he brought a parcel of beads about the 11th of August, I can't say what quantity there were.
Q. Did you know he was an apprentice to a lighterman?

Holland. I did; his sister came to my house the day before, and said her brother had bought some necklaces on board a ship of an acquaintance that was just come from abroad, and he had them to dispose of.
Q. Did you ever buy any thing of him before?
Holland. No, I never did; he did not bring them to my house with intent to sell them to me, he came to my house to meet his sister, and then they were to go to sell them; I had no intention to buy them; I did not particularly examine them, I only saw them lying on the table; his sister lodged at my house twelve months before.
Prisoner's defence.
Butterfield offered me 1 l. 16 s. 9 d. not having money enough in his pocket, he went to borrow the money and was stopped.
Most of the goods produced in court and deposed to by Mr. Howard, as part of the goods packed up in the box, &c.
For the prisoner.


                  Lewis 
                  Gasheron 
               



             a weaver, and Anne his wife, said they knew him from an infant, and he was always very honest.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Davis 
               



            . He has been often at my house; I never heard any body say he wronged them.


                  William 
                  Barnes 
               



            . I have known him between four and five years; I never heard any thing amiss of him.


                  Anne 
                  Clark 
               



            . I lived fellow-servant with him at Mr. Parker's; I never saw any thing amiss of him.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Webb 
               



            . I lived at 'Squire Smith's, a timber-merchant over the water; the prisoner came there to me four years ago, and said he had been beat by his master on suspicion of stealing a silver spoon.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
