





318. (L.) 
               
                  Saunders 
                  Woolf 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing two silver watches, value 3 l. and one watch in a single silver case, value 50 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Jacob 
                  




                
            , May 15
. ++
Jos. Jacob. I live at No. 14. in the Minories


; and am a jeweller
: some time ago the prisoner lived servant
 with me: last Wednesday was a week I was going out of town, and did not chuse to go with a gold watch in my pocket; I went and took a silver one out of my desk; when I came to open my desk the silver one was gone: I went among the pawnbrokers to enquire if they had seen such a one: I found it at a pawnbroker's in Houndsditch; I do not know the man's name; he told me it was pawned by Saunders Woolf, for 1 l. 18 s. then I went to the house where the prisoner worked (he is a pencil maker) I challenged him with taking my watch; he had taken and pawned it: I missed two others; I asked him about them; he said he had sold one to 
               
                  Levi 
                  Myers 
               



            , and the other to 
               
                  Cornelius 
                  Radley 
               



            . I asked him how he came by them? he said, he found them on the parlour table; he said he used to come to see a servant that I had at that time; I turned him away in the afternoon.
Q. Where were the other two watches taken from?
Jacob. I do not know: I send a vast many abroad; and having so many at home, I cannot tell where they were taken from.
J. Allen. I live with Mr. Martin in Houndsditch; the prisoner pledged a watch with me, on the 7th of May, for 5 s. 3 d. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.) The prisoner came at different times and demanded more and more, till it came to 1 l. 18 s. 11 d. the last time was the 11th of May.


                  Levi 
                  Myers 
               



            . I bought this watch, (producing one) of the prisoner at the bar, for 25 s. (deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Cornelius 
                  Radley 
               



            . I bought this watch of the prisoner at the bar, in February last, for 22 s. 6 d. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of the affair.
He called 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Levi 
               



            , 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Myers 
               



            , and Myer Levi, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
