





238. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 24 yards of linen-cloth, value 38 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     More 
                  




                
            , March 7
. +


                  James 
                  More 
               



            . I live in Charles-street, Grosvenor-square


. I lost six pieces of linen-cloth, but I cannot say exactly what time: I am a victualler
, and deal in linen
: my boy told me on the 6th of March, he had seen the prisoner come out of my room the day before; the prisoner belongs to the guards
, and is quartered upon me; he did not lie there for eight or ten nights before; he went away directly, and I did not see him again till the 7th; then he came in, and called for a pint of beer: I was consulting with my wife what to do, for I saw him leering about, after he was gone out of the house. Some little time after, I sent my boy up stairs, to see if the prisoner's partner was in bed; I had notice the prisoner was in the room: I went up, and there I saw him fling a piece of cloth on the bed, just as I went up.


                  Daniel 
                  Lewin 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. One Monday night, I was setting things to rights in the club-room; I heard somebody come up stairs, and master's room door open; I thought it was the maid; I went and saw the prisoner come out of master's room, and run up stairs to his room. I stood at master's room door; he came down, and said, Daniel, will you please to have a half-penny: to buy some nuts; he gave me a half-penny: at night, I told my master's daughter of it, and she told my master; then master asked me about it, and I told him: and on Wednesday at night, my master sent me up to see if the prisoner's partner was in bed; coming down again, I saw the prisoner standing behind the door, with his knapsack on the bed, with a piece of linen sticking about three inches out of it; I went about half way down stairs, and he called me up again to bring the light: when I came he said, I have got it now; so I went down. (A piece of linen roll'd up, produc'd in court.) This is like the piece.
Prosecutor. This is the linen I saw the prisoner throw down on his bed; it is my property, and was taken from out of my room.


                  Richard 
                  Ran 
               



            . I went to Mr. More's assistance, when he called for help; I saw this piece of cloth lying on the prisoner's bed: I made a pencil-mark on it; here it is.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am as innocent as the child unborn; the linen never was in my knapsack, in this world; I cannot tell how it came up into that room.
For the prisoner.
Serjeant Bethway. The prisoner belongs to the first battalion of the first regiment, and has for between 9 and 10 years; he came to us out of a marching regiment, and has behaved as well as any man in the regiment: he never missed his duty, and always came clean.


                  William 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I keep a public-house: I have known him about two months; he has been in my cellar, and about my house; I never missed any thing: he rented a stall of me; he is a shoemaker.
Q. What money did he use to spend per day with you?
Thomas. About a shilling or two in a day.
Q. Do you not know that is more than his pay could support?
Thomas. But he married a woman with some fortune.
Prosecutor. He was married on the Sunday, and taken up on the Tuesday night following.
Q. to Thomas. Did you ever hear he had some cloth to sell?
Thomas. I heard he had some cloth, but he said he bought it at St. Giles's.


                  Edward 
                  Welch 
               



            . I am a baker. I have known him about two months: all that ever I heard of him, was, that he was a very honest man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            . 
