





484. (M) 
               
                  Susanna, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Tully 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one looking-glass in a Japan frame, value 3 s. one copper pot, value 2 s. one brass pot, val. 2 s. one pair of linnen sheets, value 3 s. two blankets, value 4 s. one bolster, value 1 s. one iron poker, value 1 s. one pair of iron tongs, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Chaplin 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging-room let by contract
            , &c. Oct. 15
. ||


                  Mary 
                  Chaplin 
               



            . The prisoner lodged at my house before I married my husband, I let her the lodging, she will have been in the lodging fourteen months the 28th of this instant; she came as a married woman, her husband is in the merchants service at sea, she had a parlour ready-furnished. Last Monday I missed the things mentioned. (Mentioning them by name.) She was taken up on the Saturday before on another account, she had the key of her lodging, my husband went to her in the Round-house and got it, we went into her room and missed the things.
Prisoner. I own I pledged the things, Mrs. Chaplin knew of part of them being pawned six months before.
M. Chaplin. I never knew till Monday morning only of the copper pot, that I believe she had pawned about a month before, she said she would bring it again.
Jos. Packer. I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner pawned a pair of sheets and a brass pottage-pot at our house, the sheets last December, and the pot last April. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Q. How long have you been married?
M. Chaplin. I have been married four months the 26th of this instant.
Court. Then these could not be the property of your husband when they were stolen.


                  John 
                  Swinton 
               



            . The prisoner pawned a small pottage-pot, a pair of tongs and poker, with me.
Q. When?
Swinton. Not above a fortnight ago. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I did it, I cannot deny it, I did it with no intention to injure them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
