





325. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Tompson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two leaden glue-pots, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Mitchel 
                        



                      
                  ; one leaden glue-pot, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tunbridge 
                  



                
            ; and one leaden glue-pot, value 1 s. the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Darby 
                  



                
            , May 20
. *


                  James 
                  Mitchel 
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and was at work with the rest of the prosecutors, in building a house, in Mercer's-street, Long-acre


: these four pots were taken from out of the building; they were missing in the morning, on or about the 20th of May; the prisoner was stopped by Mr. Mullings, on the same day. between seven and eight in the morning. where he was stopped, and we went and found them. (Four pots produced in court. The three prosecutors depose to their respective pots.)


                  John 
                  Mullings 
               



            . The prisoner brought two of these pots to me to sell: I was informed by a neighbour, he had left a bag at some distance; I went and fetched that, in which were the other two pots, with nails and other things: the prisoner owned the bag and things belonged to him, and in about ten minutes came the prosecutors and a constable, and owned them. The prisoner said, before Justice Welch, he met a man near the Seven Dials, who was lame, and he desired him to sell them for him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met one Jenkins, who told me he had hurt himself, and desired me to sell these things for him. He said he was going to the workhouse, so I took them to sell for him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
