






463, 464. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Gargrave 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     White 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing 5 fox's skins, value 22 s. 10 musk skins, value 5 s. 1 racoon skin, value 2 s. one cat skin, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            ; and the other for 


               receiving four of the musk skins, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , August 6

. ++


                  John 
                  Wordie 
               



            . On the 6th of August, when I came on board again, after I had taken Butler before the Justice, we got intelligence that some skins had been offered to sale at the sign of the Magpie; after which there were 17 skins found there in a bag; two of Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's men and I went to take up Gargrave, where he lived, in North-street, Poplar; we found him lying on a coach; as soon as he saw me he threw off his great coat and ran, but we took him; he said he knew very well what I came about; he said he would confess, and said there were more people concerned with him; we took him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; there he impeached 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



            , Mooney and Pykes, for stealing skins out of the ship, and Starkey and Leonard as receivers; I got a warrant out against the people he impeached, and took White the same night, and Starkey; they were examined before Sir John; the Monday following Starkey was discharged; White owned he carried four skins on shore that Gargrave gave him.
Q. Were the skins produced before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ?
Wordie. No, they were not; Gargrave owned to the carrying them up to the Horse-shoe and Magpie before Sir John; (the skins produced in court.)


                  Henry 
                  Dyke 
               



            . I am going into thirteen years of age; I draw beer at the Horse-shoe and Magpie.
Q. How long have you lived there?
Dyke. I have been there 8 months; Gargrave used our house; he gave me something in a bag to put by in the cellar one afternoon, I did not know what was in it; he gave me a halfpenny, and promised me another; I carried it down into the cellar; a waterman came for it the same day, he went down and took the bag and what was in it away, it was a biscuit bag.



                  George 
                  Armstrong 
               



            . I am waterman to that ship; Mr. Wordie sent me to the Horse-shoe and Magpie, to enquire if any skins were there; I went and asked the landlady for a candle, and told her I had information there were some skins there, concealed in the cellar; she went down with me; I looked round and found the bag; I untied it, and sold 17 skins; it was a biscuit bag; I carried it on board the ship; Gargrave said nothing in his defence.
White's defence.
I do not deny carrying four skins on shore for Gargrave, and left them in the bar at the Horseshoe and Magpie.
Armstrong. I have known White ever since the peace, he works by the water side; I never heard any ill of him.
Gargrave 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
White 

               acquitted
            .
