





114. (L.) 
               
                  Saunders 
                  Solomon 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing one trunk, value 6 d. one silk woman's garment called a sack, value 5 s. one silk gown, value 4 s. one quilted stuff petticoat, value 1 s. two pair of muslin ruffles, value 2 s. and one muslin apron, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Savage 
                  




                
            , February 26
. +


                  Martha 
                  Savage 
               



            . I expected a trunk to be brought to me last Tuesday by the Gloucester coach.
Q. Whose property was it?
M. Savage. The trunk is my servant's, but the goods in it were mine.
Q. Name them.
M. Savage. There was a silk sack and petticoat, a silk gown, a quilted stuff petticoat, two pair of muslin ruffles, and a muslin apron.
Q. How do you know they were in the trunk?
M. Savage. I saw what was in it yesterday; the man that was to bring it to me came and told me it was taken out of the cart as he was bringing it from the inn, and said that the man who took it was in custody.
Q. When was this?
M Savage. Last Tuesday night.


                  Francis 
                  Wickham 
               



             (producing a trunk.) This trunk came by the Gloucester coach, directed to a lady named Savage, in Bishopsgate Street.
Q. What are you?
Wickham. I keep the warehouse belonging to the Gloucester coach, and took the trunk into my possession, with an intent to convey it to the lady. I accordingly deliver'd it to 
               
                  James 
                  Brown 
               



            , for him to carry thither in his cart, with other things that were going to other parts of the town, but a messenger soon after came and told me that Brown had been rob'd of this trunk. I went directly to inquire, and found that the trunk was retaken, and the prisoner sent to the compter.
Q. Read the direction on the trunk.
Wickham. To Mrs. Savage, at Mr. George's, near the pump in Bishopsgate Street.
Q. Did you see it put into the cart?
Wickham. I bid Brown take care that it was not lost, being more afraid of its falling out than of its being stolen, and he put it up into the cart.


                  James 
                  Brown 
               



            . Mr. Wickham delivered this trunk to me, desiring me to take care of it, and deliver it safe to the lady.
Q. Have you read the direction?
Brown. I have [he reads it again.] This is the same trunk, it was pack'd up in the cart. There was some salmon brought up by the Gloucester coach as well as this trunk. I was sent to Billingsgate with the salmon, and then to carry this trunk to Bishopsgate Street. We put it up in the cart between two salmon baskets, so that it could not fall out. Going along Cheapside, at the hither end of the Poultry, on the left-hand side, a man came from the other side of the way, and look'd into the cart. My master's son was leading the horse, and I had a candle and lanthorn. I look'd at him with my light, but took no notice, looking very sharply after the cart. Just as we came opposite to Walbrook, or the Mansion-house, there stood a carriage. I kept along the path-way with my lanthorn in my hand, and going to look at the cart behind, I saw the same man pulling at the trunk; he gave three tugs at it, got it out, and carried it three or four yards. I hallow'd out, and he let it drop against my right leg, by which means I tumbled down, and the man ran away. I called out, Stop thief, and a young man who was coming by followed the man round the Mansion-house. The prisoner was stop'd somewhere by Lombard Street, and brought to me at the cart, and the people said it was the best way to lodge him in the compter till the morning.
Q. Is the prisoner the man who took the trunk out of your cart?
Brown. To the best of my knowledge he is the man; I went with him to the compter.
Q. Did you see the man's face when you saw him behind the cart?
Brown. I did, and took notice of it, not only when I saw him pulling at the trunk, but also when he look'd into the cart; as soon as the prisoner was brought to me I said, this is the man.

Q. Look at him well; are you sure this is the man?
Brown. To the best of my knowledge this is the man.
Q. Upon your oath do you believe this to be the man?
Brown. I do.
Q. from prisoner. Whether you did not doubt my being the man, when you first came among the people to see me?
Brown. I went up to him directly, and laying hold of his collar said, this is the man that took the trunk out of the cart; I made no doubt about it.
Q. from prisoner. When I was before the alderman, had you no doubt then?
Brown. No.
Q. Are you now convinced whether he is the man or not?
Brown. Yes; I think he is the man.


                  William 
                  Harrison 
               



            . As I was coming by the Mansion-house on Tuesday night I saw a man pulling a box out of a cart; the last witness came up and laid hold of him, and the man threw the box down, the same box that is here produced; it fell on the witness's leg, and he immediately call'd out, Stop thief; the man ran round the back part of the Mansion-house and I after him, but coming up a street I lost him; then somebody said, he is gone that way, so I went thro' Dove Court, and there they had laid hold of him.
Q. How do you know they had hold of the right man?
Harrison, I am doubtful about that; he said you are mistaken, I am not the man.
Q. Was the prisoner the man that ran away from you?
Harrison. I can't tell.
Q. Is this the man they took?
Harrison. He is.
Q. Do you take him to be like the man?
Harrison. I take the man that I pursued to be something lustier than he, but I may be mistaken; I could not distinguish him rightly.


                  George 
                  Cockeril 
               



            . Last Tuesday night, about the hour of nine, as I turn'd the corner of Bearbinder Lane to come to the Mansion-house, I heard some people cry Stop thief, and saw them come running as fast as they could. The man that ran first went through Dove Court, and there they lost him. I followed him, crying Stop thief, stop thief, all the way.
Q. Did you lose fight of him?
Cockeril. No, I did not; when we were both in Lonbard Street, he went to cross the way, and as he was crossing, a young man stop'd him, and I said hold of his coat; the people went by the end of the court when he ran up it, and so missed him.
Q. Is the prisoner the same man?
Cockeril. He is; he cry'd, and in the Jews Ianguage said, Pray, pray let me go.
Prisoner. That witness is the same man that laid hold of me.
Mr. Nash, one of the Lord-mayor's marshal's men. I heard Mr. Harrison give a different account from what he has now; if you please to swear me, I will repeat it.
He is sworn.
Nash. Harrison declared on the prisoner's examination, that the prisoner was the very man, that he saw him taking the box out of the cart, and knew him to be the very man as soon as he was taken.
Q. to Harrison. Did you say as this witness has said?
Harrison. I said before the alderman, I did not know whether he was the man or not, I believed he might be the man.
Nash. He said he was the very man.
Q. to Harrison. When he was taken, was he out of breath?
Harrison. No, he was not; before the alderman I said I believed he was the man.
Prisoner's Defence.
Last Tuesday morning I went out with my bag, I deal with several pawnbrokers, and coming home between five and six o'clock, I met one of our people* with a bag of cloaths over his shoulder; I asked him what he had got, and he said he had a parcel of cloaths that would suit me; he pitched them at the Bull and Gate in Holbourn, and I bought them of him for 3 l. I put some in his bag, and some in mine, and we walked to Snow Hill, where we met a person of our acquaintance. We tied the two bags together, and he carried them home. Then we went to the sign of the Cock on Snow Hill, I paid him, and we sat there about two hours. At a little after eight we were coming along the city, a little higher than the Mansion-house; I staid to buy something of a woman, and he walk'd along, thinking I should follow him. As I got to the Mansion-house I heard the cry of Stop thief. Several people ran, and I ran after them, and I saw my partner run as well as the rest. I ran round the Mansion-house, with several before and several behind me, there might be near 50 people. I was running up again, in order to go into Lombard Street, thinking my partner might be there, and was not got a yard out of the alley when a gentleman laid hold of me and said I must stop you, there is a cry of Stop thief. I said, you are mistaken in the person, when up came several butchers and said, here is a Jew thief. They pulled me this way and that way, and when the man that had lost the box came up they said to him, that is the man; said he, I believe he is, and they would not let me say one word more. One of them swore I had a blue coat on, and I had a brown one. I have been an industrious young fellow ever since I was twelve years of age. I return about 50 l. every week, and sometimes 300 l. a month; there is never a dealer in London but what knows me.
* A Jew.
For the Prisoner.


                  Samuel 
                  Oakley 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about eighteen months; there was a man came to my house about two o'clock this day, and desired I would come away directly, for the prisoner was at the Old-Bailey upon life and death.
Q. What is his general character?
Oakley. I never heard to the contrary but that he was an honest man.
Q. What are you?
Oakley. I am a pawn broker.
Q. Where do you live?
Oakley. I live at the sign of the Star, in Bacon-Street, Bethnal Green. I have dealt with him for eighteen months.


                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known him between four and five years, and never knew any thing amiss of him.
Q. Where do you live?
M. Smith. I live in Goodman's-Fields, I keep an old cloaths shop; I have dealt with him for many pounds.


                  Moses 
                  Barnard 
               



            . I have known the prisoner twenty years, but I cannot say any good or ill of him, I never had any acquaintance with him in my life. I have seen him standing in Duke's-Place, as I have gone to our coffee house.


                  Leah 
                  Carolina 
               



            . I have known the prisoner six or seven years. I always knew him to be an industrious man; he maintains his family by buying and selling old cloaths, he is an honest man.


                  Rebecca 
                  Lovi 
               



            . The prisoner always bore a good character; I brought him up till he was twelve years old, he now is almost twenty-one.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Sturt 
               



            . I have known him twelve months. I believe him to be a very honest fair dealing man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


