





252. (L.) 
               
                  Ann, the wife
 of Joseph, Burch


             was indicted for 


               stealing ten yards of printed cotton, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Adison 
                  




                
            , April 5
. ++


                  John 
                  Adison 
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Gracechurch-street


. The woman at the bar came to my shop last night, under pretence of buying a little lawn; it was to come to 3 d. After I had served her, she said it was not enough, she wanted the same quantity more. It came to sixpence. They were both put up together, and she paid for it. There was a piece, containing ten yards, lying on the compter. I suppose I looked on one side when she took the cotton, and left her lawn. Immediately after she was gone I missed the cotton. I got over the counter, and pursued her. She was got about the distance of three doors, when I saw her turning down a little court. When I came to the corner, I saw her running up the court as hard as she could. I overtook her in about thirty yards running, and told her she must go back with me. In coming along she dropt the cotton. I took it up, and brought that and her into my shop. I sent for a constable. She acknowledged the crime, and begged pardon, to be let at liberty, but I would not, being almost sure she had robbed me once before. (The cotton produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I went with a bundle into the shop to buy a bit of frill for my husband's shirt. I laid my bundle down, and took up that cloth by mistake. I have four children alive, and big with the fifth. I know no more of taking it than the child within me.
Q to Prosecutor. Had the prisoner a bundle with her?
Prosecutor. She had a little bundle, but she never laid it down.
To her Character.


                  Robert 
                  Exham 
               



            . I have known the prisoner five years. Her character in general was good. She has a large family of four children. Her husband is a soldier.


                  Mary 
                  Larkin 
               



            . The prisoner has chaired for me five years, and I never mist any thing out of my house since she has chaired for me.


                  Hannah 
                  Gray 
               



            . I have known her five years. I never heard to the contrary, but that she was a very sober, industrious woman.
Mary Covenant n. I have known her five years. She has chaired for me. I never knew but that she was honest.


                  Mary 
                  Dutton 
               



            . I have known her two years. She lived in a house with me. She was always very honest, as far as I know.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
