





316. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bourn 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a paper snuff-box, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Stanicks 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            . May 3
. ++


                  William 
                  Stanicks 
               



            . Last Thursday, coming from Christ-church


, there was a crowd of people: I was getting out of the crowd: two gentlemen came, and told me, I had lost my box: I felt in my pocket, and found it was gone: they said, there is the man, pointing to the prisoner, and they held up the box to me: I said it was my box: we took him to the compter: he said one of his companions gave it him, and that there were four or five of them.


                  Thomas 
                  Rilands 
               



            . I was going home to dinner on Thursday: going through the hospital, Mr. Steward was with me: we stood up to let the children of the hospital pass: I saw the prisoner, and two men more, by the prosecutor: I said to Steward, let's see this sun, they are going to pick the gentlemen's pockets: we followed them: before we came from under the gate-way, I saw the prisoner's hand in the prosecutor's left-hand pocket: as soon as he took his hand out, I said, you have picked the gentleman's pocket: I clapped hold of his hand: he had got the snuff-box partly into his pocket: I said to Steward, take care of him: I went and told the prosecutor of it: he found he had lost his box. (A paper box produced, deposed to by prosecutor.) After he was taken, the mob were for ducking him *. When we got to the compter, he gave the names of several of his confederates: he mentioned one by the name of Doctor, and said, he was to be found on Saffron-hill, at the Globe.
* It is the contrivance of the confederates to propose ducking the thief, by which means they sometimes prevent their being brought to justice.


                  John 
                  Steward 
               



             gave the same account, be being with the last evidence at the time of apprehending the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was at the taking the Havannah; I never was brought before the face of any magistrate before. I was going to sea again. I had 14 s. for taking the Havannah, on the Easter Monday. The box was given me into my hand. I would have nothing to do with it, I threw it down.




               Guilty 10 d
            . 


               T
            .
