





307. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Nicholls 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Giles 
                  




                
            , Esq
; April 25
. ++


                  Daniel 
                  Giles 
               



            , Esq; I was in Bishopsgate-street


 on the 25th of April, between one and two o'clock in the day, when a young man came to me and told me I had lost my handkerchief. I felt, and found I had. I asked him if he saw any body take it, he said, Yes; and described a man with a handkerchief round his neck in a great coat, with another along with him, and they ran down Great St. Helen's. I told him I would go round Leadenhall-street, and perhaps we might meet him coming up St. Mary Axe. We went together. I saw a man as he had described; he said, That is the man I seized him, and charged him with taking my handkerchief; and drawed him a little forward. While I was speaking to him, somebody said, He has dropped your handkerchief. I took it up, and put it in my pocket. (Produced and deposed to.) It was dropped close by the place where I first seized him. I asked him if he would go with me before my Lord Mayor, and told him I would give him a coach, and go with him. He said he would not go in a coach, but desired I would deliver him up to the mob. He went on his knees, and said he was innocent. Then I sent for a constable; when the constable came, he desired to have a coach. Then I said he should walk on foot. I took him to the Mansion-house, but my Lord Mayor not being there, I took him to Guildhall; when Mr. Alderman Crosby examined him, and committed him.


                  Robert 
                  Long 
               



            . I live in Bishopsgate-street. On the 25th of April, as I was standing at my master's door, I saw Mr. Giles go by, and the prisoner and another man close after him. I watched them. I saw the prisoner take out Mr. Giles's handkerchief from his pocket. I ran to him, and informed him of it. (The rest as the prosecutor had deposed.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I am not guilty. I am a ribbon-weaver
 by trade.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
