





302. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Hope 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a quart silver tankard, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Campbell 
                  




                
            , May 2
. +


                  James 
                  Campbell 
               



            . I keep a public house
 in Shad Thames


. On the 2d of this instant I lost a quart silver tankard out of a beauset in my bar. I never saw the prisoner before that evening. I missed it immediately. I took coach and came to Round Court in the Strand; having intelligence where he was going. I there saw him, but he outrun me. He had the best pair of heels that ever I saw. I called, Stop Thief! and he was soon taken.


                  John 
                  Siden 
               



            . I was going from the Strand towards Covent-Garden, when in Maiden-Lane I heard the cry, Stop Thief! The prisoner was seized about ten yards before we came up to him. I saw him throw the tankard away. (Produced in court.)
Prosecutor. This is the tankard I lost that day. The person that took it up in the street delivered it to a friend of mine, but did not care to be troubled in attending here.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to see a friend of mine at Cherry Garden Stairs, at the corner of the street where the prosecutor lives. I met a man that I was acquained with; we went into this house to drink. We had two tankards of beer, and a paper of tobacco. I came out after I had paid for one pot. Coming down the street, I met the man again: he asked me whither I was going; Home, I said I was. He said if I would take that thing home for him, he would be obliged to me. I said if it would be no way cumbersome, I would. He took it out of his pocket, and said he was going down to Leverpool, and would carry it to his mother there. I took it, and at the corner of Halfmoon-Street I met the prosecutor; he stopped me and called me thief. Then it came into my head that it was stole, so I ran away, and dropped it.
Prosecutor. When he came into my house he had a man with him, named Dunn, whom I have known five or six years. The prisoner went away before him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
