





15. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Ryan 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               stealing one wicker hamper, value 2 d. 14 lb. weight of currans, value 1 s.; one earthen jarr, value 1 penny; 24 lb. weight of treacle, value 6 d.; 7 lb. weight of prunes, value 6 d.; 3 lb. weight of brimstone, 1 lb. weight of caraway seeds, 4 ozs. of cloves and 7 lb. weight of French barley
            ; the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Stone 
                  




                
            . Nov. 23
. *


                  Samuel 
                  Stone 
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Leadenhall-street. On the 23d of November, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Roolf 
               



            , my servant, went out about seven in the evening, with two hampers, to carry them to the Talbot Inn, White-chapel. The goods mentioned in the indictment, I believe, were in the hampers, but I did not see them put in. The man came back, and all was well; in about an hour after, a man came to me from the Inn. to let me know one of the hampers was stolen, and they had taken the thief, and charged the Headborough with him. I saw the prisoner at the Justice's the next day; he said. he thought it was a hamper of victuals, and he was very hungry.


                  Robert 
                  Roolf 
               



            . I was carrying ths two hampers to the Talbot Inn, the cord broke, and let them down: The prisoner came, at the same time, and offered to assist me.
Q. Do you know what was in the hamper that was taken away?
Roolf. There was 24 lb. weight of treacle in a jarr that I weighed myself, and other goods: The prisoner took that hamper that had the treacle in it, and we went with them to the Inn, and delivered them to the tapster, who took charge of them. The prisoner came away with me; when we had notice one hamper was stole, I went to the Inn again, the same night, and saw the man they h ad in custody, was the prisoner; he was in the Watch-house, and the hamper in the custody of the constable.


                  Robert 
                  Stockdale 
               



            . I am master of the Talbot Inn. I hearing a noise in the Tap-house, went in, and there saw the prisoner and hamper; they were just brought back; a constable was sent for, who took him in charge; he went on his knees, and begged pardon; and said, he never would do so any more, as long as he lived. I saw the hamper opened before the Justice; there were a great many parcels of grocery goods to go down into the country by the caravan.
Q. What time was it they brought the prisoner and parcel in?
Stockdale. It might be between six and seven in the evening.


                  Thomas 
                  Castle 
               



            . I am hostler to Mr. Stockdale. I was going in at the Taphouse door; the prisoner took a hamper out of the Taphouse, and set it upon a short post, just on the out-side the door; he said, my, lad, I wish you would lend me a hand with this on my shoulder: I seeing he had no knot, thought he was no porter; I observed which way he went; I held the door open, and asked my fellow servant, if any body had delivered a hamper? he said, no; I ran and catched the prisoner, about an hundred yards from the door, with it on his shoulder; I asked him, who delivered that to him; he threw it on the ground, and ran; I pursued, and called, stop thief. A butcher's man threw him down, and I took hold on him; I was within a yard of him all the way he ran.
Q. How far did he run?
Castle. He ran about twenty yards. I brought him back to my master's house; he said, he thought it was victuals; after that, Roolf came again to cur Inn, and said, it was one of the hampers that he brought to the Inn.
Prisoner's Defence.
What he says, is all false; another man took and gave me the hamper; but I never saw that man from that hour to this.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
