





152. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Charter 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a piece of silver, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Richards 
                  




                
            , February 1
. ++


                  James 
                  Richards 
               



            . I live in Bridgewater-square


, and am a watch-case maker
; the prisoner was my journeyman
. I missed silver at different times to a great amount. About the latter end of January the prisoner's landlord, where he lodges, sent me word, he had charcoal, sea-coal, and wood, and on the Sunday he had made a great fire, which had alarmed some of his neighbours; they thought he had been doing something that he should not. I went up into his room, and found some of the remains of the things, some pearl ash, and between two and three pounds in money; upon which I imparted this to some of my men, and ordered him to be set about some work, and take particular notice what silver I gave him. I marked two pieces of silver, and put them into the window, between the bar and the casement, where he sat; he had not been at work from the Wednesday till the Monday following, and the Wednesday after I missed one of the pieces of silver. I told two of my men of it, and we went and found him at the Coach and Horses in Aldersgate-street: I charged him with having robbed me; he denied it: I said, You have some of my property about you; he said he had not. I desired him to let me search him; he consented, and pulled his clothes off in the presence of the people, and I found the piece of silver that I missed in the fob of his breeches. ( Produced and deposed to, by a hole made in it and being bent at one end.) I mistrusted him some time, by his earning so little and spending so much.


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I am a journeyman to the prosecutor. My master told me he had lost silver at different times. I saw this piece of silver marked, and put into the window before where the prisoner sits. When it was missing, we went to the prisoner to a public house; he was charged with taking it, and I saw it found in the fob of his breeches.


                  Joseph 
                  Strutley 
               



            . On the 1st of February, between nine and ten in the evening, my master desired me to go with him to find the prisoner. We found him at the Coach and Horses in Aldersgate-street. When my master first charged him with stealing the silver, he denied it strongly, I believe for an hour. My master desired to search him; he did; and this piece of silver was found in his fob.
Prisoner's Defence.
I seeing that piece of silver, I took it against the time I should have an occasion for it in my master's business.
To his Character.


                  Richard 
                  Redrick 
               



            . I have known the prisoner three years; all that time I took him to be a very honest man.


                  Henry 
                  Stent 
               



            . I have known him about five years; I always looked upon him to be a very honest young man.


                  Peter Charles 
                  Pearsey 
               



            . I have known him six or seven years, but never knew any ill of him.


                  John 
                  Park 
               



            . I have known him some time, and believe him to be an honest young fellow.


                  John 
                  Franklin 
               



            . I have known him about twelve months; he was always just and upright; I never heard any ill of him in my life.


                  Joseph 
                  Martin 
               



            . I have known him three years; he has as honest and upright a character as ever I heard of any body in my life; I never heard any ill of him before this.


                  William 
                  Oliver 
               



            . I keep the public house. I have known him six months; he is very just and honest.
Q. Was you at the searching of him?
Oliver. I was.
Q. What excuse did he make when the silver was found?
Oliver. He made none; he was quite stagnated; he never spoke at all. Mr. Richards searched him forcibly, without any constable. The silver was not found upon him.
Q. Where was it found?
Oliver. It was found in his breeches after he pulled them off.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
