






223. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Berry 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s. a silver watch chain, value 4 s. and a silver seal, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Ratman 
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             for 


               receiving the chain, part of the said goods, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , Jan. 16

. ++


                  Henry 
                  Ratman 
               



            . I am a Hamburgher
; on the 16th of January I was going on board a ship, and was decoyed into a house at Saltpetre-bank



 by another woman; she asked me for a dram; I gave her 6 d. to get a dram; there were women came about me, one sat on my knee, and got half a guinea and 5 s. out of my pocket; the woman at the bar asked me what it was o'clock; I took my watch out, and had it in my hand; she said it is a very fine chain, and got hold of it; she snatched the watch from me, and ran down stairs; I followed her; then Johnson appeared, and called me dirty fellow, and bid me go about my business, or he would murder me, and kicked and cuffed me about, and drove me out of the house.
Mr. Brathwaite. I am a watchmaker; the prisoner Johnson came to my house, he threw the watch chain down upon the counter, and asked me if it was silver, this was on Monday the 18th; he told me he had it in change of a Dutchman for other goods, buckles, buttons, and razors, (I had sold it to the prosecutor a little before;) I bought it of the prisoner; the prosecutor having told me it had broke three or four times, made me think Johnson's account true.


                  George 
                  Cornfoot 
               



            . I live on Saltpetre-bank, and am an officer of Whitechapel parish; I had a warrant to take up the woman at the bar; Johnson said it would be better for me not to take her; he and she lived together. 
Berry's defence.
I never saw the prosecutor till before the bench of Justices.
Johnson's defence. 
I have a couple of beds, and I lett lodgings; I go out every day with goods to sell upon the river
; coming home one day I heard a noise in my house, they told me there was a man up stairs making a disturbance; I went up, there was this Dutchman; he said to me, where is my watch: I said I do not know, where did you lose it; he said in this house; I said I will go any where with you to see for it; he came down; I saw the woman below with a watch in her hand; I clapped hold of the chain, she ran away with the watch; I kept the chain, I heard no more of it till I came to Mr. Brathwaite.


                  Isaac 
                  Slater 
               



            , 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Nuttey 
               



            , and Elizabeth his wife, said they never knew any ill of the prisoners, and that Berry went for Johnson's wife.
Berry 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Johnson 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
