





576. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Farmer 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a gold ring, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Dowding 
                  




                
            , September 15
. *


                  Samuel 
                  Dowding 
               



            . On the 15th of September, between the hours of nine and ten, I went in at the Shakespear's Head, Russel-street, Covent-garden


, to drink a pint of beer; the prisoner was there, and intruded herself into my company; I paid my reckoning, and went out of the house; she followed me, and desired me to go home with her, which I refused; she got hold of my finger, and got my ring (a gold one) from my finger; I laid hold of her, and desired her to give it me; she struck me in the face; a gentleman opened the door and asked me what was the matter; I told him what had happened, and in the mean time, the prisoner was conveyed away, I suppose, by some of the same faculty; I went to see for her at the Crown and Cushion, there I saw two girls that were in company with her at the Shakespear's Head; they asked me for a dram; I said I would give them a guinea if they would produce the person that had taken my ring from my finger; they with an oath declared, was I to give them five they would not; I went home; the next morning I got a friend, and we went to the Shakespear's Head, he was acquainted with the man that keeps it; we applied to the waiter, then he went with us; we found the prisoner in one of the courts leading to Bow-street; she declared she never saw me in her life, and when she came before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , she then pretended that I positively had given her the ring in lieu of cash, I suppose to have some concerns with her.


                  Thomas 
                  Southgate 
               



            . The prosecutor called upon me, the morning after he had 10 d lost his ring; he seemed very uneasy, it being a mourning ring he had for his wife; we went and examined the waiter, and found the prisoner was likely to be found in an alley, where I suppose there are fifty or an hundred such whores, pickpockets, and thieves; I was afraid to go among them, but however I did, and took her, and carried her before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; she said at first she never saw the prosecutor in her life; and afterwards she confessed she had it, and said he had made her a present of it; we went and found it at Mr. Rochford's, a pawnbroker.


                  Frank 
                  Rockford 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; on the 15th of September at night, the prisoner at the bar pledged this ring with me; (produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence.
I went in at the Shakespear's Head to drink, this gentleman was sitting in a box; he got up, and asked me to drink; I did not drink the first time, and the second time I believe I did; a woman came in with some oysters; he asked me if I would have any; we had some, and two or three pints of beer; he asked me where I lived; I said in Bow-street; he said it was a mean place, he did not chuse to go; he asked me where my hat and cloak were; I said they were in pledge; he said he had a ring which he did not care to part with, but did not mind leaving it for a night; he went with me to the pawnbroker's door, and when I had pawned it for 8 s. I gave him the money; I was to have staid all night with him, but I ran away.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
