





36. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Coleman 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 13 guineas in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hay 
                        




                      
                  , privately from the person of the said James
            , November 16
. +


                  James 
                  Hay 
               



            . I keep a shop
 in Old Gravel-lane, in the grocery way, and serve country gentlemen with linen goods. I came from Carshalton on the 16th of November; it was about 9 o'clock at night when I got to Westminster-bridge. I came all through the city to Tower-hill, to the Victualing-office coffee-house. I staid there, I believe, two hours or better: I was both tired and a dry. After I went away I found myself a little in liquor. I was quite sober when I came there, but I was not any thing incapable. As I was going down Nightingale-lane


 with a bit of a torch in my hand, I saw a good deal of company in a public house; I went in and called for something to drink; they were all strangers to me. I believe I staid rather too long. One of them said to me, you seem to be a little in liquor, and I am so too; we had both better leave our watches with the landlord, which we both did. After I had got out of doors, I returned, and asked the landlord to give me my watch again. I thought I should not be that way for some time. Then I went out of the door to go home, as it was very late. The prisoner at the bar came and clasped me round the neck; I dare say I was not six yards from the door, and swore she would give me a kiss; she had got my head backwards. There were several people, men and women, pushing me about; she put her hand into my pocket, and took out the money; there were 15 guineas in my pocket, and I found only two guineas and a 5 s. 3 d. left. I cried out, hold her, I am robbed. I never let go of her; she took 13 guineas out of my pocket, and some silver. I never parted with her, though I was pinched to such a degree, that my arms were black and blue; and I had been several times on my knees, yet I kept hold of her, and delivered her into the hands of the officer.


                  Stephen 
                  Neades 
               



            . I was constable of the night; going my round at one o'clock, about 100 yards distance, I heard a person cry, I have been robb'd. When I came up I found the prosecutor and prisoner struggling together. The prisoner was trying to get away; at first the man said he had been robb'd, but did not mention the sum; he charged the prisoner; and she charged him. I took them both to the watch-house, and there he charged her with having robb'd him of 13 guineas. She was searched, and only half a guinea found upon her; she said she had not the money herself, but she knew who had; and that if she thought she should have been taken, it should not have been he and another such that should have taken her.
Prisoner's defence.
They say so many false things against me I do not know what to say. When he gave the constable charge of me, he said I had taken 100 l. and a gold watch; then he said 300 l. and then 2, till the gentlemen at the victualling-office came and advised with him; then he said he had lost 13 guineas. He was in company with a woman in the public house: after the woman was gone, he got tossing up. The landlady said she would appear in my behalf, but she would not come for fear of losing her licence.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you see the prisoner in the public house?
Prosecutor. No, I did not.
For the prisoner.


                  James 
                  Sullivan 
               



            . I went to the watch-house the next morning. I know the prisoner by sight. The prosecutor came there, and said he did not want to hurt her, if she would tell of the woman that had the money. I lent her half a guinea the very morning of the robbery, in order to get a gown and things out of pawn, to prevent her having the anger of her parents. It was a crooked half guinea.
Q. Where did you get that half guinea?
Sullivan. I worked for it, and had it of some customer.
Q. Where do you live?
Sullivan. I live in Nightingale-lane, East Smithfield. I lived five months facing the Red Lion.

Q. Can you recollect where you had this half guinea?
Sullivan. I had been very ill, and my brother lent me a guinea, and I lent this woman half a guinea of it.
Q. Are you a housekeeper?
Sullivan. I am,
Q. What business are you of?
Sullivan. I am a shoemaker.
Noades. He is no housekeeper, he is only a lodger; he said he was a weaver before the Justices.
Malt Magnum, 
               
                  Diana 
                  Desse 
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Wilson 
               



             appeared to their character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            . 


               T
            .
See Sullivan an evidence against 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



             in last September Paper, 2d part.
