





340. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Doland 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing seven linen shirts, value 20 s. one linen stock, value 2 s. one linen table-cloth, value 4 s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 2 s. and a silver table spoon, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Wicksteed 
                  




                
            , June 5
 *
Hen Wicksteed I make gold beater's skin
; the prisoner worked for me as a journeywoman
; I missed a silver table spoon in February last, but not knowing who to accuse, I took no notice of it. On the 4th of June there were some shirts missing, and on the 5th a general search was made; then there was six missing, and the other things; I suspected the prisoner; I went for a warrant; the Justice was out of the way; when I returned there was a seventh shirt missing; I then told her, she certainly was the person that robbed me; I took her up; after which she confessed to my brother who is here present, to give an account of it.


                  Thomas 
                  Wicksteed 
               



             I am brother to the prosecutor; the prisoner acknowledged to me she had taken seven shirts, some stockings, a table-cloth, and stock, and told me where she had pawned them.


                  William 
                  Sharp 
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Ward 
               



            , and 
               
                  Anna Maria 
                  Clark 
               



            , three pawnbrokers, to whom the prisoner directed the prosecutor, produced the table-spoon and shirts; the prosecutor deposed to the latter by the marks, and believed the spoon to be his property, (it not being marked) but the prisoner acknowledged it was his property, and said in her defence, the maid servant had told her it was usual to pawn things and release them again, and she gave her these things, and she pawned them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
