





141. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lowe 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint mug, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Loft 
                  




                
            , Jan. 27
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Loft 
               



            . I keep the Mitre, Thames street




. The prisoner is a barber
 by trade, and lived in the neighbourhood; last Tuesday three weeks he came and called for a pint of beer; my boy drawed it in a silver mug; he stood and drank the beer, and carried the mug away.
Q. How do you know that?
Loft. The first time I saw him, I charged him with it; (his uncle brought him to my house;) he said he did take it away; then I said, take the pen and ink and write it down, which he did, and what he had done with it; this was the Sunday night following; I had told his uncle of it, and he promised to bring him to me the next time he saw him.
Q. What were the words he made use of?
Loft. He said, he believed the d - l was in him, and he was necessitated; he said he had pawned it with Mr. Rotchford for 2 l. 16 s. he wrote so, and signed he came to it; we took him before Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Stephenson 
               



            , there he owned to it the same.


                  Frank 
                  Rotchford 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I live in Bridges street, Covent garden the prisoner brought this silver mug to me the 27th of January; (produced and deposed to) he offered it in his own name; I lent him 2 l. 11 s. I think he said he had it three or four years, that he had kept it as long as he could, but he had an annuity left him, and he wanted money to go into the country.


                  William 
                  Lowing 
               



            . I am the officer; I was in Mr. Loft's house when the prisoner's uncle brought him; he was charged with taking the mug; he acknowledged that he did, and that he did not know that he had it in his pocket till he got down almost to the Steel-yard; he took a pen and ink, and wrote down what he had pawned it for, and to whom; he confessed the same before Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Stephenson 
               



            .
Prisoner's defence.
I had met with an acquaintance named Cox, we agreed to go together to Chelsea; it grew late, we did not go, so he asked me to do him a favour; he said he had a cream jug and some tea-spoons, he desired me to pawn them; I did not care to do it; then he produced this pint mug, and desired I would pledge that; I took it, and pledged it to Mr. Rotchford; after that, my uncle told me, he heard Mr. Loft had lost a pint mug, and he suspected me; I said I was willing to go to him; he brought me there; then I took pen and ink, and wrote all I knew of the mug I pawned; I told them I did not know how I came by it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
