





557. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Ridder 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing eleven yards of lace, value 3 s. and four pair of women's leather gloves, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Groom 
                  




                
            , October 7
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Groom 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Groom 
               



            . The prisoner has worked for me between eight and nine years, in making up cloaks and hats: she came to my house almost every day. I moving from my house in Berwick-street, to Newman-street, near the Middlesex Hospital, I desired her to help me. After she had went a second time, I enquired for the piece of lace: she said I should find it among the things. After that I missed several other things; when I asked her about them, she made slight of them, but at last she owned the fine lace and some ribbons were sent to Chertsey in Surry, to her sister, to be sold. I went the same day to Chertsey, and shewed her sister the hand-writing of the prisoner of the things; then her sister gave me this letter (producing one) which I know to be of the prisoner's hand writing. (It is read in court.)
The contents  were, that the prisoner had sent her some lace, which she said was very cheap, &c. (The lace produced in court.)


                  Elizabeth 
                  Groom 
               



            . This lace I received of her sister in Surrey: it is my property. I found four pair of gloves in her apartment in Swallow-street, and she owned she took them out of my apartment in Berwick-street.


                  Mary 
                  Warden 
               



            . Mrs. Groom called upon me, and said she had been robbed. I went with her to the prisoner's room, and said to her, You have robbed Mrs. Groom. She begged for mercy of Mrs. Groom, and owned it. I saw the gloves found. I heard her confess she took the lace and some ribbons.
Prisoner's Defence.

I am employed in the black millener way
. I have often black lace by me.
She called 
               
                  James 
                  Morris 
               



             and 
               
                  George 
                  Vickers 
               



            , who said they never heard any ill of her character before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
