






62, 63. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Gater 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stoaker 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one hundred weight of ship tackle, called rope and junk, the property of 
                     
                        John and 
                              
                                 
                                    Robert 
                                    Batson 
                                 







                  , and one hundred pounds of other ship tackle, and iron thimbles and hoops
            , the property of persons unknown, December 27
. +


                  John 
                  Batson 
               



            . I have known the two prisoners at the bar these dozen years
Q. Have you any partner?
Batson. My brother Robert is my partner I was going round our yard, where was 
               
                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            , a maner smith, landing an anchor.
Q. When was this?
Batson. This was on the 27th of December last, about seven in the evening.
Q. What yard is yours?
Batson. A ship yard

 Taylor asked me whether I had given liberty for any body to take some old ropes that were ship'd off, I answered no, then I met with the prisoner Gater.
Q. What was he?
Batson. He was a labourer
 in the yard. I asked him where he had been, and he said in the yard, about my business. Then I was angry with Taylor for letting any thing go out of the yard. Said he, let us take a boat, it is a hundred to one but we find them. It was just about high water. I walked up along shore near Limehouse-bridge, and went into the house of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lee 
               



            , a person that buys old rope and junk of a parcel of thieves, where I saw the two prisoners, one of them was in the house, the other was bringing the last parcel of ropes to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lee 
               



            's house.
Q. Was the rope ship'd do you think, when you met Gater in the yard?
Batson. I do not think it was. Mrs. Lee was weighing the rope which they had brought in, her servant and Gater were at the scale.
Q. How much did the whole of it weigh?
Batson. It weighed four hundred and seven pounds. Stoaker put the parcel he was bringing into the scale; that is what we call three hundred and three quarters.
Q. What might that be worth?
Batson. She was to give them half a crown a hundred for it, as she told me.
Q. Is that the common price, new or old?
Batson. They include all in paper stuff.
Q. Did you challenge it?

Batson. I did, and charged an officer with the two prisoners; the woman sent her servant for him.
Q. Was all the rope your property?
Batson. Some part of it was, and some of it belongs to merchants, which is laid to be the property of persons unknown.
Q. How much of it was your's?
Batson. About a hundred weight of it was, it was mixed; it was rope and junk nooks, thimbles, and the like, all called ship tackle. I should have given Gater the rope, if he had asked for it in the middle of the day; but I wanted to find out the bayer, for I lose near fifty pounds a year by such a pack of thieves. I should be glad to recommend the prisoners to your Lordship for mercy; I believe they are capable of serving his majesty.
Q. Is it customary for your labourers to have the old ropes?
Batson. We give them to them upon their asking for them.


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I have known Gater about ten years, and the other about six or seven; I live in Mr. Batson's yard.
Q. What yard is it?
Taylor. It is a ship builder's yard; they are ship-builders: I happened to be going down to the water-side to take an anchor on shore.
Q. What time?
Taylor. On the 27th of November, betwixt six and seven o'clock at night, a little before high water. I saw two bundles of rope lying, and a parcel in a wheelbarrow. I heard somebody call Ellick, and somebody answered; but they being under the shadow of the warehouse, I could not see them. I saw a man in a boat, into which somebody threw a bundle or two.
Q. Did you see who threw it in?
Taylor. No, I could not see that; I took it to he the two prisoners at the bar, but I cannot swear that. In about a minute's time Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Batson 
               



             came down to the water-side to me: I said to him, have you given any body liberty to take any ropes out of your yard? He said, no, and began to be very angry with me for not stopping of them. I said, there lies some in the yard, they are not gone. He went to see, and then they were gone. He came back to me, and said, I'll go and see if Ellick is gone through the tap-house. I had then got my anchor on shore. Then he and I went together to Limehouse Hole, but could not get a boat, so we walk'd up to Mrs. Lee's, and went through her house into her warehouse, where she was holding a candle to Ellick Gater, who was putting a bundle into the scale. I saw Stoaker come up out of his boat. We charged them both with taking the ship tackle out of Mr. Batson's yard, and they both owned it.
Q. Do you mean the same which you found in the scale and on Stoaker?
Taylor I do.


                  Ann 
                  Lee 
               



            . I buy old stuff. 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Gater 
               



             brought three hundred and a quarter of old stuff to my back door, but I neither weighed it nor paid for it. The gentlemen came, and Mr. Batson owned it; he came before it was all brought in.
Q. Did 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Gater 
               



             bring it all in?
A. Lee. No. Stoaker brought up the last bundle.
Q. How many bundles was it brought in?
A. Lee. It was brought in two or three bundles; it was nothing but paper stuff.
Q. What do you give a hundred weight for such stuff?
A. Lee. I give half a crown a hundred for it; it is to make paper of.
Gater's Defence.
This stuff belongs to me; I brought it and laid it down upon the wharf, where it lay all day, till about six o'clock next evening; it is my right and property, as is all such stuff in ship yards, to all the labourers in the river; it was nothing but old rubbish. I went and called 
               
                  John 
                  Stoaker 
               



            , and asked him if he could help it off for me. He said he would do it with all his heart, if he should not come into trouble about it. I said, it is nobody's but mine, and he could not get into trouble on that account. Then he said he would carry it for me. We carried it to Mrs. Lee's, and to the best of my knowledge there was no more than three hundred weight of it. I was about half a year in gathering of it together, and there was nothing among the rope but what was bad rotten stuff.
Stoaker's Defence.
This man [meaning the other prisoner] came to Mr. Peirce's, and said to me, 
               
                  John 
                  Stoaker 
               



            , will you go and carry my stuff for me? I said, with all my heart, if I do not get myself into any trouble, for I would not get into trouble for all the world. He said the stuff intirely belong'd to him and nobody else, I have witnesses that heard him say these words. I have here the man that I served my time with, and another man that I work'd for between seven and eight years, to give me a character.
For the Prisoners.


                  Richard 
                  Jennings 
               



            . I have known Gater seven years.
Q. What is his general character.
Jennings. He has lodged in my house six or seven years; I never knew any dishonesty by him in all my life, he always paid me honestly; I never heard any ill of him before this, and a little affair one time before.
Q. Do you know Stoaker?
Jennings. I do; he was employed as a waterman. On the 27th of November last I was at Mr. Peirce's house, where there stood Ellick, who said to Stoaker, will you go along with me. Stoaker said, if he came into no trouble he would. Ellick told him it was only to carry some old rope, his property, and he could not come into trouble for that. Then he went with him.


                  George 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I have known Gater about eight years.
Q. What is his character?
Spencer. I never knew any thing of him but that of an honest man.
Q. Do you know Stoaker?
Spencer. I do; he is a very honest man, I never knew otherwise by him.
William Peirce, I have known Gater eight or ten years.
Q. What is his character?
Peirce. I never heard any bad character of him in my life.
Q. Do you know Stoaker?
Peirce. I do; I have known him twenty or thirty years, as many years as I can remember; he is a very honest man, and was employed as a waterman to carry this stuff.


                  Thomas 
                  Blunt 
               



            . Stoaker served me many years; he is a very honest man. I never believed he rob'd any body or me either, and he always bore a good character. I took him out of Poplar school, and he served me very honestly.
Q. Do you know Gater?
Blunt. No, I do not.


                  John 
                  Cuddle 
               



            . I have known Stoaker ever since he has been born.
Q. How old is he?
Cuddle. I believe pretty near thirty years of age.
Q. What has been his character?
Cuddle. He always bore a good character; he served his master honestly.
Gater 


               guilty 10 d
            .
Stoaker 

               acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


