






101, 102. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mantle 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Tirpinder 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a saddle, value 2 s. 6 d. another saddle, value 12 s. a pair of stirrop-irons plated with silver, value 10 s. 6 d. and a pair of worsted girths and a saddle-cloth, value 8 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Parker 
                  




                
            , December 21
. ||


                  Peter 
                  Parker 
               



            . I live in the parish of Hanwell, On the Tuesday following the election at Brentford, I lost two saddles out of my stable; I saw them over night, at about half an hour past nine, and they were missing in the morning between six and seven. They were plated stirrops, and girths to one, and a saddle-cloth. The other had stirrops, but no girth.
Q. Where is your stable?
Parker. At the Castle at Brentford


. The saddles were in my care.


                  John 
                  Walker 
               



            . I am a sadler, and keep a shop in Oxford Road. 
               
                  John 
                  Mantle 
               



             brought this saddle to me to sell. I refused to buy it. There was a gentleman's servant in the shop, he bought it, and gave half a crown for it. (Produced in Court, and deposed to by Mr. Parker.)
Q. What is the value of it?
Walker. That is the full value of it. Mantle said he bought it of a countryman that was with a hay cart.
Q. When was this?
Walker. I believe this was on Christmas-eve.


                  William 
                  Demain 
               



            . I am a sadler, and live in St. Martin's Lane. On the 21st of December, about ten in the morning, 
               
                  John 
                  Mantle 
               



             brought this saddle to me to sell. I said, What do you ask for it? A Guinea, he said. I said, I am a little busy now, call again in the afternoon, and I'll let you know, after I have looked it over, what I will give. I suspected, from the appearance of it, he had not come honestly by it. (The saddle produced, and deposed to by Mr. Parker.) I said, I think I know the saddle, and the owner of it. The other prisoner was with him; he said, The gentleman thinks we have stole it.
Q. Did the two prisoners come together?
Demain. They did. Mantle made answer, and said, I would have you to think we came honestly by it, for we can produce the owner; he sent us with it to sell.
Q. Did he say, Sent me, or us?
Demain. He said us.
Q. Did Tirpinder hear him say that?
Demain. He did. I said, I would take care of it till the afternoon. They went away, and left it. I took it to the farther end of the shop. I never saw no more of them till before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; that was the Tuesday after Christmas-day.
Mantle's Defence.
Going through the yard, I went into this man's stable, and picked the saddle up, and brought it away. I found the other saddle in the same stable.
Tirpinder's Defence. 
I met with Mantle in Piccadilly. He desired me to go with him to the sadler's, and he would treat me with a pot of beer. He had but one saddle. I went with him. 
Mantle, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Tirpinder, 

               Acquitted
            .
