





286. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Ross 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 3 yards of muslin, value 20 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Fitzgerald 
                  




                
            , April 12
. +


                  Richard 
                  Fitzgerald 
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live near the Seven Dials


. On the 12th of April the prisoner came into my shop, between 3 and 4 in the afternoon, and asked to see some muslin. I and my wife were in the shop, my wife shewed her some. She did not agree with my wife. She came to me to see some long lawn. I was at another counter. She bought a yard and a quarter; I changed her half a guinea, and she paid for it. Then she said, let me look at that muslin again, I had rather be served by you than your wife. I shewed it her; she bid me measure it; she sat down by the side of the counter; while I was measuring it, she was fumbling about her stays; I saw her drag something from under the bundle that I was measuring; it put me all in a tremble. As she was pretty well dressed, I thought she was some tradesman's wife. I observed her hiding it under her stays. I measured it, and said, Pray madam do you sell muslin? said she, What is that to you, if I pay you for it. There was 18 yards and a quarter of it; she said, You will send it to the Bell in St. Martin's lane; I said I did not know it; she was going; I said, Madam, you must walk into my parlour, you have got something of my property about you, deliver it, and you shall go about your business. She would not deliver it. There was a woman that keeps a fish-stall, went for a constable; the constable said, Madam, you had better be searched; she said she would not; as she advanced towards him, she dropped the piece of muslin; my servant took it up, it had been near her body, it was quite warm (produced in court, and deposed to)
Q Was this any part of that which you sold her?
Fitzgerald. No, it was not; it was quite a different sort: this is called book muslin.


                  Susanna 
                  Cook 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Fitzgerald. I asked the prisoner if I should search her; she said I should not, she would not be searched without a constable, but pulled up the bottom part of her stays, and said, Have I any thing or no? After the constable came, I picked up this piece of muslin under her, it was quite warm.
Q Are you sure the piece did not lie there before?
S. Cook. I am sure it did not: then she said she knew nothing of it.


                  John 
                  Langridge 
               



             the Constable. I was sent for; as the prisoner pulled something out from under her stays or apron, I saw the muslin drop, and saw the maid pick it up.
Prisoner's defence.
I went into this shop, and wanted some lawn; I bought as much as came to 4 s. 6 d. I took out three guineas and an half from my pocket; there were other people looking at muslin; I went and put my hand under it, and asked what it was a yard. He said six shillings; and asked me if I chose any, I said no, not at present; he said I had something under my stays; I said I had not, and shewed him I had not; he told me to go about my business; I said I would not till a constable came; they took me to the Justice, and searched me there, and I had nothing upon me.
To her character.
Mary Fink. I have known the prisoner 21 years, she was born in Somersetshire. She lived in Rupert-street, Goodman's-fields, near me, in good repute: her husband is a perriwig-maker. I never heard any thing ill of her till now.


                  Christian 
                  Hutchison 
               



            . I have known her 3 quarters of a year. Her husband failed about half a year ago. They are now in private lodgings: he works journey-work; I never heard any body give her a bad character.


                  Sarah 
                  Atkinson 
               



            . I have known her 12 months. I never saw any thing amiss by her.


                  Stephen 
                  James 
               



            . I live in Rupert-street. I have known her about 5 weeks, I have heard people that know her say, she always had a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
