






516. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Warner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five ounces of gold and silver mixed, called gold and silver partings, value 30 s.
             the property of persons unknown, July 29

. ++


                  Albion 
                  Cox 
               



            . I am a relation to Mr. 
               
                  Robert Albion 
                  Cox 
               



            , a refiner; the prisoner was employed there in clearing some test after we had refined, to sift the waste.
Q. What is the test? 
Cox. That is made of bone ashes, to refine silver on; he was employed to clean the mold out, that is, to take the silver out that runs into the cracks.
Q. Did you miss any silver?
Cox. It is impossible for me to swear to that; we refine two hundred weight of metal at a time; about the 29th of July, Mr. Salmon's apprentice came and told me, one of our men had offered some metal at his house; I went there, and Mr. Salmon and I went to a public-house, where I was told the prisoner was; he was gone out in order to go off; I ran after him, and brought him back to Mr. Salmon's shop; I had seen some partings; I asked the prisoner how he came by it.
Q. How much was there of it?
Cox. There was about four or five ounces; it was a mixture of gold and silver, which we had been refining, in order to get the gold from the silver; it was different sweeps and gold lace; the prisoner told me he had found it in Barbican; in taking him home, he begged I would take no notice of it to our people, and desired I would take him into a public-house, and he would tell the truth; I said I could not, without the consent of Mr. Cox's brother, and another that was there; I took him to the Compter.
Q. Had the prisoner been cleaning any tests about that time?
Cox. He cleaned several tests that day, and there might be such partings as these taken out of them; (produced in court.)
Mr. Salmon. I live in Barbican, and am a silversmith; the prisoner came to my shop the 29th of July, and offered these silver partings for sale; he seemed to be ignorant as to the value of them; I looked at it, and looked at him, and asked him where he had them; said he, I found them in Barbican, between two posts; I said, I am afraid not, it looks as if they had been stolen from somebody; he said he would assure me he had found it, and that a man knows very well, and called him from over the way, that was Mr. Brooks; when he came, he said he knew but little of the prisoner; I asked the prisoner who and what he was; he said he knew what silver was as well as I did; I said, pray who do you live with; said he, I have lived with Mr. Cox; I called my apprentice, and sent him to Mr. Cox's; house, and sent the prisoner's name, and desired Mr. Cox would come; the prisoner desired to know if he might go and have a pint of beer; I said he might, if Mr. Brooks went with him; I desired Mr. Brooks not to let him slip away; when Mr. Cox came, we went to the alehouse, and to my great surprize I saw the prisoner going away at the bottom of Paul's-alley.
Q. Did he run or walk?
Salmon. He walked.
Prisoner. I carried it to Mr. Salmon to be tried.
Salmon. He brought it to me to sell, and would have sold it if I would have bought it.
Mr. Brooks. I am a watch-case maker; the prisoner called to me, and said Mr. Watkins, I hope no offence; I worked with Mr. Cox when you had your sweep done; I wish I had seen you sooner, I have found something, and you may be a judge, I think it is something like lead, I have given it here to be tried; I went into Mr. Salmon's shop, who then had it looking at; I looked at it, and said I believed it was silver, and very good silver; Mr. Salmon asked how the prisoner came by it; the prisoner said he found it, and said he lived with Mr. Cox the refiner, and that his name was Warner; then Mr. Salmon sent for his master; then the prisoner and I went to a public-house; he went out, and came in again, and said, Mr. Watkins, stand my friend here; I said, what can I stand your friend in; said he, you must say you saw me find it; said I, you must take me to be a very bad sort of a man; after that, he said if you will you shall have half; then said I, your master will be here by and by, and you must give him a just account; he seemed to be very much nettled, and after we had this talk, he said he wanted to make water; he went to the door; I said to the waiter, stand by him, if he offers to stir, come and tell me; the waiter soon came and said, Sir, he is going; Mr. Cox came just at the time, he ran and brought him back.
Prisoner's defence.
I was in liquor, and do not know whether I ran or walked, or did go away at all; I had left Mr. Cox's work some few days; I picked this up as I was walking in Barbican; I then went to a friend's house, and staid there some time, there was a stranger; I said I had picked up something, and should be glad to know what it was; when I came into Mr. Salmon's shop, I desired his wife to try it for me; by and by he came, and brought it in his hand; he had broke it into several pieces, it looked more like lead than silver; I told him where I lived, and my name; said he, I shall detain you, and send for Mr. Cox; said I, with all my heart; I had worked for Mr. Cox about three months, and was never at work by myself.
To his character.
Charles Brewster I am a grocer; the prisoner was my porter for a year and three quarters, about a year and a half ago; I do not know that he ever wronged me of any thing.


                  Andrew 
                  Walker 
               



            . I am a colour-maker; the prisoner lived servant with me about five months ago. 
Q. What character do you give him? 
Walker. I can say nothing in his favour, but rather against him. 
Q. to Mr. Cox. In what branch was the prisoner employed at your kinsman's? 
Cox. He was employed only as a labourer
.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
(L.) He was second time indicted for 


               stealing twelve ounces of gold and silver mixed, called partings, value 3 l.
             the property of persons unknown, July 20

. ++


                  Albion 
                  Cox 
               



            . Two days after the prisoner was committed to the Compter, we had advice there was a parcel of silverand gold partings flopped at Mr. Alderman Plumb's; I went there, and found by the description given me of the man that brought it, that it was the prisoner, I went to him in the Compter, and asked him how he came by he said his wife dealt in lace, and she had bought some silverlace, and he had melted it down in the fire; we tried it, and found there was a quantity of gold in it.
Q. Is there any gold in silver lace?
Cox. No, there is not, he has attempted to melt it, and throw it into water; it is all in grains; (produced in court.)
Q. What quantity is there of it?
Cox. There is eighteen ounces of it.


                  Richard 
                  Ward 
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Alderman Plumb. On Monday the 20th of July, in the afternoon, the prisoner came to our house to enquire the price of gold and silver; I said it was not a rule in the house to set any value upon silver, there are so many sorts of it; he pretended his sisters that lived at Woodford had had an accident in melting some silver lace, and on the Tuesday morning he brought it, in order to have the value of it, the same as is here produced; it appeared a little suspicious, I desired him to leave it; he did not come again for three or four days; an experiment was made on it, and gold was found in it which made it plain it was not silver lace. On the Saturday morning he came again, in order to have the money upon it, that he might buy goods, which he said must go down to his sister at Woodford. We did not chuse to let him have any money, till we saw his sister; then he said he must go down to his sister, to come up and prove it was her property. On the Monday a woman came, which pretended she was his sister; there could be no answer given her that night, the compting-house being shut up. On the Tuesday morning a woman came again, and said, she lived beyond Woodford, and pretended it was her property; I suspected it was not; she went away, and on the Wednesday morning it all came out; if the woman is here, and can prove it her property, there is an end of it.
Prisoner's defence.
It is my wife's property, she has dealt in lace going on eighteen years; I bought a great deal last year; this she burned herself; she put it into an earthen pot, and had the misfortune to run it down; I worked at Mr. Cox's, I came home, and saw it on the fire; my wife was not in the way; I took and put in some odd buttons and things to melt with it; I call my wife my sister.
To his character.


                  Nutchard 
                  Rumley 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about three years; I have trusted him with money, linen, and other things; I never heard any thing bad of him in my life.
Q. Do you know his wife?
Rumley. I have known her about nine years.
Q. What business does she follow?
Rumley. She takes in washing.
Q. Does she deal in any thing else?
Rumley. No, in nothing else as I know of.
Q. Where does she live?
Rumley. She lives some where in Little-Britain.
Q. Do you know the prisoner's sister?
Rumley. I know no sister that he has.


                  Samuel 
                  Cragg 
               



            . I am a taylor; I have known the prisoner between eight and nine years.
Q. Do you know his wife?
Cragg. I do.
Q. What business does she do?
Cragg. I have known her get her living by buying and selling of things.
Q. How long ago?
Cragg. Within this three years.
Q. What sort of things? 
Cragg. Things in Rag fair, such as laces from hats, and pieces of brocade for shoes. 
Q. Have you ever seen her with such things?
Cragg. I have, in her room.
Q. How often?
Cragg. Several times, I have been pretty much in their room.
Q. How often may you have been in their room?
Cragg. Perhaps five or six times.
Q. Did you ever see any silver or gold melted there?
Cragg. No, I never did.
Q. Where do you live? 
Cragg. I live in St. Anne's parish, Soho, at the Rose and Crown alehouse in Little Newport-street.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
