





380. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Groves 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 16 metal shoe-buckles, value 4 s. 16 clasp-knives, 4 stock-buckles, 8 metal seals, and one iron padlock and key
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Hellings 
                  




                
            , widow
, May 7
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Hellings 
               



            . I keep a stall under the Globe-alehouse, that faces Shoe-lane


, and sell hard-ware, buckles and buttons
. I went home on Saturday night, the 5th of May, between 11 and 12 o'clock; I fastened the door of my stall with a stock-lock within, and a padlock without: the watch came and told me they had taken a man that had broke my stall, and carried him to the watch-house: when I came there, the things mentioned were lying on the table; I can only say they were my property.


                  John 
                  Tasker 
               



            . I am a watchman; I was calling the hour 3 on the 7th of May up Holborn-hill; I saw the door of this woman's stall was open, and I perceived it to be pulling to; I looked in, and there was the prisoner; I asked him what he did there, and took him by the collar, and led him to the watch-house; I asked him what he had got he put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out four keys: his waistcoat stood up; I asked what he had there? he said, Nothing; then I pulled out the buckles, 8 pair, 16 knives, 4 stock-buckles, 5 pair of scissars, and 8 metal seals, (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix).
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming from Paddington; I met a man; he said, how far was I going? I said, I was coming to London: he said, coming down Holborn, Will you have any beer? he took me in at the French-horn; we had some beer and bread and cheese; then we went to another house, and had some bacon and eggs for supper. I was going to sleep; he said, You shall not sleep here. I said, Where shall I sleep? then he said, I know a place. He took and shoved me into this place, and said, Go and sleep there: he gave me some keys, and said, When you wake, lock the door again: he said, the things all belonged to him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
He called 
               
                  James 
                  Burch 
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Savage 
               



             of Long-Lane, who gave him a good character.
