





121: (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Saintree 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of woman's pumps, value 4 s. and three other odd ones, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Archibald 
                           Marr 
                        




                      
                  , privately in his shop
            , December 8
. *


                  Archibald 
                  Marr 
               



            . On the 8th of December the prisoner came to my house, between seven and eight at night, and enquired for a coat he had pledged with me: while I was turning to get the coat, I heard a noise on my counter: I looked behind me, and asked him what he meant by being on the counter; he sprung from it; he said he only leaned upon it: I said it had an ugly look with it. I did not challenge him then any farther; this was on a Saturday night: when the shoes were called for, mentioned in the indictment, they were missing: about a fortnight after I went to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Martin 
               



            , another pawnbroker; there I found the pair of pumps: upon which I took the prisoner up, and before the justice he confessed he took them.


                  Mary 
                  Martin 
               



            . The prisoner pledg'd these pumps with me, on the 8th of December, between seven and eight at night, (produced and deposed to): he said they were his wife's, and she was dead, and he had offered them to sale, but could not sell them; so would pledge them till he could get a customer: I lent him two shillings upon them.
Prosecutor. The prisoner owned he had the other odd ones; but he had lost them by the way.


                  John 
                  Holland 
               



            . I am a shoe-maker: I made these pumps for a person for whom I had more work to do; so, as I wanted money, I pledged these till I had got all done.
Q. Did you make them for the prisoner's wife?
Holland. No. I did not: I made them for Mrs. 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Sutherland 
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence.
I met two women, they asked me what o'clock it was? I said betwixt ten and eleven: I saw a little bundle lie, in a white cloth; I took it up, and gave it to one of the women; she opened it, and there found a pair of cloth shoes, and gave it me again: I said, I had but three halfpence about me: I would go and pawn them for a trifle, and make them drink. I went to that woman's shop, and asked two shillings upon them; she would let me have but eighteen-pence: I then said, she should have no more of my custom; then she let me have two shillings: I went to the two women, and had some beer.
For the prisoner.


                  Eleanor 
                  Obrian 
               



            . I was coming along the King's road: I met this man.
Q. When was this?
E. Obrian. This was five weeks ago last Saturday: I asked the prisoner what it was o'clock: he said, it was half an hour past ten at night; we came to the sign of the Yorkshire-Gray: I said, Saintree, will not you stop? he kicked something before him.
Q. Did you know him before?
E. Obrian. No, I did not; he took it up, and said it was a pair of shoes: well, said I, halves; then we went and had some beer.
Q. Did you see the shoes?
E. Obrian. No, I did not see them.


                  Martha 
                  Perry 
               



            . I was along with 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Obrian 
               



            , when he kicked this bundle before him; it was five weeks ago last Saturday night; they were wrapped up in a sort of a rag: I saw the shoes; they were black stuff women's shoes: he said, they might belong to some neighbour about there, and he would go and pawn them; and if we would take a share of a pot of beer, he would give it us and welcome.




               Guilty 4 s.
            



               T
            .
