






526, 527. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Walker 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Triggs 
               



             , were indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s. 5 guineas, and 30 shillings in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  Susanna 
                  Hills 
               




             , spinster
, Sept. 13
. ||
Susanna Hills. On the 13th of September I went out, and did not come home till between 5 and 6 the next morning; I went into my room, I found my door broke open, and my watch and money missing; the two prisoners lodged in a room above mine: I went up, thinking they might have heard the people at my door; I knocked several times, no body answered: I knocked harder, and the door came open; I went in, and there lay my watch in Walker's besom, they were both in bed together; I said I have found the thief; he called me b - ch, and said if I did not go out of the room he would kick me out; I went out, and left the watch with him; then I went to Mr. Brebrock, for him to come and take the prisoner; he came and took him, and when he was searched, the watch dropped down just by his foot; there was 15 s. found in his pocket; then we went and took the woman; her sister was close by; she said she has the money in her mouth; then the prisoner stopped down; her sister then said she has it in her hand, they opened her hand, and there was a guinea.


                  Mary 
                  Wadsworth 
               



            . 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Triggs 
               



             told me, that Susanna Hills had robbed a dead man of 9 guineas and a silver watch, and Walker, she, and I, agreed to go and rob her of it again; Walker said, d - n the b - h, she could not hurt us, it was but second plunder: we went to her room and took 25 s. and a silver watch out of a drawer, but I did not see the watch.
Walker. The prosecutrix and Wadsworth are two street walkers.


                  Sarah 
                  Davis 
               



            . I lodge in the same house; I heard the prosecutrix say to Walker, please to deliver me my watch and money, and I will not hurt you; he said, how came you by the watch; she said, that is no matter to you; he said, if you do not go out of the room, I will kick you out; I saw a guinea found in Triggs's hand, when they searched her.
Walker's Defence.
I never was in the face of a court before, I do not know how to speak.
Triggs's defence.
I went out, and when I came home, Wadsworth was upon the stairs; she had the watch in her apron, I saw her take it out, and put it into her bosom.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
