







178, 179, 180, (L.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Edwards 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Bridget 
                     Taaf 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Bridget 
                     Davis 
                  



                
            , spinsters


, were indicted for 


               stealing two half crowns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chesterman 
                  




                
            , February 18
. +


                  John 
                  Chesterman 
               



            . I am a journeyman ginger-bread-baker
.
Q. How old are you?
Chesterman. I am twenty-five years of age: I was coming up the Old Bailey, about half an hour after eleven at night, on the 18th of this instant: 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Edwards 
               



             took me by the hand, and desired me to go into her room: I refused it at first, but at last I did; as soon as I got up stairs, I sat down on a chair, and she began to pull me about.
Q. Whereabouts is this house?
Chesterman. It is in Bishop's court, in the Old Bailey


: I found her hand about my breeches; and I at last found her hand in my breeches-pocket: I miss'd my money, two half crowns.
Q. When had you seen the half crowns last?
Chesterman. I had them just before I met with her: I said to her, she had robbed me; she denied it.
Q. How long had you been in the room, before you miss'd your money?
Chesterman. About three or four minutes: I never was any where else but on the chair?
Q. Was she searched?
Chesterman. No, I was afraid to search her; the other two prisoners were in the room with her; but I never left her till the time I took her to the watch-house: I would not let her go out of the room: I stood at the door: one of the women took me by the collar, and tore my shirt; and took up a pint pot, and swore she would knock me down.
Q. Did either of the other women meddle with your pocket?
Chesterman. No: they were not near it; they all three came at me at once; when I would not let them go out of the room, they knock'd my hat into a tub of water.
Q. Did you get your half crowns again?
Chesterman. No, I never did: when I went to call the watch, while one of the women had me by the collar, the other went to pull me from the window.


                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am constable: about twelve o'clock I was gone my rounds; before I came back this charge was brought to the watch-house to me: between twelve and one, on the 19th of February, the prosecutor came, and said he had been robbed: I asked him if he knew the person? he said, yes, it was 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Edwards 
               



            , and that he had been calling out for assistance an hour, before any body came: I have been informed 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Taaf 
               



            , who is or goes for her sister, called the watch to his assistance: I asked the prisoners, if they knew any thing of the robbery? they did not deny it; but would have given him his money again, if they could-have made it up.
Q. What did you observe Edwards to say?
Smith. She said she would give him the money, if she could.
Edwards's Defence.
We all three buy old cloaths together: I was coming along; the man asked me what I had got in my apron, and wanted me to go along with him and drink: I said no, I would not drink any thing: he said it was a very cold night, and he would give me a draught of purl; he gave this young woman three shillings, (meaning one of her fellow-prisoners) and they were on the bed together, and he was to stay all night with her for that money; but she said he should not stay, without he made her a present of some thing else: he wanted to sell me a pair of breeches: I had not a farthing of his money.
Smith. I heard Edwards say she would give the man his money again; but one Foliot had got the money, and said she might go and be d - d, he would not part with it.
Edwards, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Davis and Taaf, 

               Acquitted
            .
