






355, 356. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Spelter 
                  




                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Davis 
                  




                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing twelve pair of children's leather pumps, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barnet 
                  



                
            ; and the other for 


               receiving two of the said pairs, value 2 s. well knowing the same to have been stolen
            , June 20

. +
Thomas Barnet. I live at Stepney; I make children's pumps; I had two dozen and four pair made for Mr. Gibson, a linen-draper and haberdasher at Stratford; Mr. Gibson took one dozen and four last Friday was se'nnight; coming back, I had a dozen pair tied up together in a handkerchief, six pair of what we call Morocco, and six pair of black calf-skin; I being a little tired, seeing a butcher's cart, begged leave of the butcher's man to let me ride; he gave me leave; there was the prisoner Spelter in the cart; I asked him where he came from, and where he was going; he said, he came from Plaistow, and he was going to see his sister, who was a servant to a gentleman a little on the other side the turnpike, and he must get out there; he jumped out, and I did not miss him at first; in a little time I missed my handkerchief with the pumps in it, and the boy was then gone quite out of sight. On the Saturday Davis was detected in offering two of the pairs to sale; (produced in court and deposed to.) A neighbour of mine told me, a boy had been before the bench of Justices, on account of some children's pumps. I went there, and was asked by the clerk, if I had lost any; I said I had, and gave him an account of them: the two pair were produced, and I said they were mine. I was desired to go to the boy in Bridewell; I went, and saw he was not the boy that stole them: the boy was taken before a magistrate again, and there he made a true discovery of the prisoner Spelter, and another; that he said Spelter was on the copse of the cart at the time; and that they did not know what was in the handkerchief, till they opened it in the field; and that he himself was asleep in the field, and they awaked him, and showed him the pumps; he said there were twelve pair, six red and six black: he said, they d - d me for taking care of a crown paper of halfpence, which they designed to have got from me. I remember I pulled out a crown paper of halfpence while I was in the cart, but I put them safe in my pocket again.
Q. Can you tell whether the man on the copse of the cart, or the boy Spelter, took the pumps?
Barnet. They lay so, that the man on the copse could not reach them; Spelter must be the person that took them; they lay just by him; that man jumped off the cart, and went away after Spelter was gone. When Spelter was taken up, he owned he took them.


                  Thomas 
                  Ansley 
               



            . I was in Rag-fair on Saturday; saw Davis and one Gibson; Gibson is the master of this gang of boys; I heard Gibson say to Spelter, d - n your eyes, why do not you look sharp? then I went to Gibson, and said, how could you encourage these boys to go about thieving? I asked Davis what he did there; he said, what was that to me: I said, pray what have you in your pocket? there I found two pair of red Morocco pumps; I took them out, and carried him and the pumps before the bench of Justices, and delivered the pumps to an officer named Chapman.


                  Tristram 
                  Rowel 
               



            . The prosecutor went out with some goods to Stratford, and afterwards told me he had lost such a quantity of pumps; I went with him to Bridewell to see the boy Davis; he was at play, he came to me as soon as I called him; I asked him upon what account he was in there; he said, upon the account of some pumps, but he did not steal them. I said, if you tell me the truth, I will endeavour to get you cleared. He told me, he had the pumps of Spelter and Gibson, and mentioned where Spelter lived.
Spelter's defence.
I was going to take a walk with Gibson; a butcher was going with a cart; they made to a gentleman's house; he asked Gibson to go and ride, Gibson asked me to go; the man said, we might be back in a couple of hours; we went to Plaistow with the cart. When we were in the cart, Gibson pointed to me, and bid me go more backwards, and I came more forwards. I got down, and was going home; Gibson got down, and came after me; he said he had something in the handkerchief, he could not tell what. We went into the fields, and looked into the handkerchief, and found they were shoes; I do not know where Gibson is, he is older than me; he is about twenty years of age, I am going on thirteen.
Davis's defence.
I went with them to Rag-fair, to sell some shoes; they said they found them in Whitechapel-road; they asked me to put some of them in my pocket; I put in two pair; I am going on fifteen years of age.


                  Mary 
                  Davis 
               



            . I am mother to the boy Davis; he is a draw-boy to the weavers
; he worked with one man two years and a half; he behaved well till he got into bad company.
Spelter 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Davis 

               guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
