





248. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Jackson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one copper pottage pot and cover, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clackstone 
                  




                
            , July 23
.*
John Clackstone. On the 23d of July I lost a pottage pot and cover from my door.
Q. Did you ever see them afterwards?
Clackstone. Yes; they were pawn'd with Mr. Fell; the prisoner was stopp'd, by which means I came to the knowledge of it; I had not miss'd it till I had word came about it (produc'd in court, and depos'd to.)


                  Thomas 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Fell, a pawnbroker, I took in this pottage pot about 9 in the morning, on the 23d of July, the prisoner brought it to pledge with me.
Q. What did he ask upon it?
Harrison. I lent him half a guinea on it; about 2 hours after he brought another, and asked half a guinea upon that; I ask'd him whose it was; he said it was his brother's; I told him I must see his brother; he carried me about for about 2 hours, but no brother did I see, nor did he carry me to any body that own'd it; then I took him before justice Welch; there he confess'd where he stole them both. Then I went and acquainted Mr. Clackstone with his, and the constable went to the other prosecutor.
The prisoner being call'd upon to make his defence; he produc'd a paper, desiring it might be read; which was to this purport.
May it please your Lordship, the prisoner at the bar humbly begs leave to say in his defence, that being prevailed upon to drink to excess by some company, he unfortunately met with on the day in which he is charg'd with having committed the facts alledged against him in the indictment; and not being accustomed to drink in that manner, his senses were so far intoxicated thereby, that he cannot recollect any thing of the affair; and having nothing farther to urge in his defence, he humbly submits his case to your Lordship and this honourable court, on whose candour he begs leave entirely to rely.
For the prisoner.
Mrs. Wood. I have known the prisoner ever since he was a child, he has had very good learning, he was bred a coachmaker, I have heard his master Mr. Jacob's say, he never wrong'd him in his life; I never heard any ill of him till this thing, which every body wonders at.



               Guilty
            .
There was another indictment against him for the other pot and cover.




[Transportation. See summary.]


