






125, 126 (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Stewart 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harris 
                  



                
             were indicted, for that 


               they, together with 
                     
                        John 
                        Fisher 
                     



                   not taken, on the 21st of December
, in the night-time, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Deedery 
                        Hoffe 
                     




                    did break and enter, and stealing one duffel great coat, two cloth coats, and two ticking frocks, the property of the said Deedery, in his dwelling-house
            . +
Deedery Hoffe. I keep a sale shop in Chick-lane




; I secured my house, and was at Mr. Fennel's, a public-house next door; about ten at night on the 21st of December, there was an alarm my house was broke; I went, and found my window-shutter was broke and my door open; I found afterwards I had lost about 20 s. worth of things.


                  William 
                  Fennel 
               



            . Between ten and eleven that night, I seeing the prosecutor's door open, and knowing he had no family, as I went towards it two boys rushed out; I seized the door and pulled it too; I found something pull against me within; I called some of my people to bring a light; they and the prosecutor came, and when I had a light the shelves were quite stripped, and there were clothes heaped up as high as my knees by the side of the door; I found Stewart on his face behind the counter; I took him in custody; I asked him who was with him; he said nobody; after I brought him to my house, I went out to take observation; I saw a boy looking into my passage; he seeing me, ran away; in about half an hour after this, I went out and saw the prisoner Harris looking in at my parlour window where Stewart was, upon which I seized him, and carried him to Stewart, and asked him if he knew him; he cried, and said he did not; then I took Harris into a separate room; then he owned Stewart and he were together; then I went to Stewart, he owned Harris was with him, and Fisher was another; he said they had carried some of the clothes, and hid them under a bench at the Ram-inn in Smithfield; Harris said nothing to that. I and two or three more went there, but found nothing. The next day we took the prisoners before Justice Girdler; there they both told us how they got in; they were very free to tell all we asked about.


                  Richard 
                  Bennel 
               



            , who was in the public-house at the time the last witness mentioned, confirmed the account he gave.
Stewart's defence.
I seeing the door open, I had money in my pocket, went in to buy a pair of breeches; there was no light; just as I got in, Mr. Fennel came; one said he had a knife, another a poker, the other a great stick; I was affrighted, and went behind the counter.
Harris's defence.
I know nothing at all about it.


                  William 
                  Burroughs 
               



             and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Scaltop 
               



             gave Harris the character of an industrious working boy.
Stewart 


               guilty of stealing the goods
            . 


               T
            .
Harris 

               acquitted
            .
