





53. (L) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Glyn 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver stock buckle, value four shillings, one silver stud, value eighteen pence, and one clasp knife, value four pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Spencer 
                  




                
            , Jan. 3
.+


                  Thomas 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I lodge up three pair of stairs, in Pancras-lane, between Bucklersbury and Queen-street


. I lost a silver shoe-buckle, one ood stud, and a clasp knife, on the third of this month, out of a table-drawer in my bed chamber.
Q. Do you know who took them?
Spencer. The prisoner was found in the dwelling-house.
Q. Did he belong to the house?
Spencer. No, he did not. We secured him till such time we had looked about, to see what was lost. I missed the things mentioned, we search'd the prisoner, and found them upon him.
Q. What did he say for himself?
Spencer. He said he came in to sleep.
Q. How did he get in?
Spencer. He got in at the warehouse-door, thro' the warehouse which goes up to the dwelling-apartment.
Q. What time did you find him there?
Spencer. It was between five and six in the evening
Q. Was he drunk or sober?
Spencer. I cannot tell which. I knew but little of the man; I had known him before, but not much of him. [The things produced in court, and deposed to.]
Q Did you take him before a magistrate?
Spencer. We took him before the lord mayor: there he did not deny the taking the things.
Q. Did he own he took them?
Spencer. I cannot say that.


                  Richard 
                  Franklin 
               



            . The prisoner came in I believe while we were at dinner, and went from the warehouse to the back part of the house.
Q. At whose house?
Franklin. At the house of Mr. Hayter: our maid saw him in the dwelling-apartment, and called out to us below. Some went up. I was at the warehouse door, and as he came down I stopt him. We had him into the kitchen, and kept him there, while they went up to search what was missing. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Spencer 
               



             miss'd the three things mentioned in the indictment. We searched the prisoner, and found them upon him.
Q. What did the prisoner say for himself?
Franklin. Nothing at all.

Prisoner's defence.
The gentleman is something of a relation to me, and I had got a little by the head, and I went in there to sleep. I did not know what the things were; when I took them they were very black.
Q. Is the prisoner any relation to any person in the house?
Spencer. He claims some very distant relation to Mrs Hayter; they have been very kind to him in giving him victuals and cloaths; but he will not keep in any place. What imployment he is in now, I do not know; he is a very weak man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


