





291. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Ambler 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver quart mug, value 39 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Dean 
                  




                
            , March 2
. ++


                  Charles 
                  Dean 
               



            . I keep the Ram alehouse in Cow-cross




; on Wednesday the 2d of March at night, I had a company in the club-room, the prisoner was one of the club; he and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pool 
               



             were the two last that went away; the next morning I missed a silver quart mug; Pool is not taken yet; I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and got bills distributed about, and had it advertised; after that Mr. Davis and another man came, and told me they could give me some account of it; the prisoner went by the name of Yorkshire George; we were directed to the Crown alehouse, in Bridges-street, facing Drury-lane playhouse, there we found the prisoner drunk in bed; I asked him what he had done with my mug that he had taken the night before; he said it was up stairs; I went up stairs with him, and found it in the room where he lay.
Q. What sort of a club is your's?
Dean. There are people come on a Wednesday night, and spend a groat each; he came there that night, I do not find any body knew him.


                  Robert 
                  Rawlins 
               



            . I went with Mr. Dean to the Crown alehouse; there we found eight or ten people in bed, the prisoner was one of them; he told us the mug was in the same room, we went up and found it; (produced in court and deposed to by the prosecutor) the prisoner said he was in liquor when he took it, and he did intended to have brought it again the next day, and throw it over into the skittle-ground, and that he had been very uneasy about it; but that the other man that was with him said, George, hang it, (that is, make money of it) you want money; we found it standing upon a box.


                  William 
                  Kimbel 
               



            . The prisoner and another man brought this mug to my house, at the foundery near Carnaby-market, and offered to sell it me; he said he had won it of another man at cards; I asked him whether they did not think the man they won it of, had not stole it; the prisoner said he was afraid he had; I said, then you had better advertise it, you will soon hear of an owner; after that they both said they took it themselves from Mr. Dean's at the Ram in Cow-cross; I advised them to carry it back; they said they did not think of bringing it away, when they first put it in one of their pockets.
Court. It would have became you to have insisted upon stopping them, when they had told you they took it away.

Kimbel. They made me swear several times I would not divulge the thing; then they began to say the prisoner had been playing two guineas against the mug.


                  Richard 
                  Davis 
               



            . An acquaintance of mine told me the prisoner had the mug; I went directly, and told the prosecutor of it.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing at all of the mug, I am as innocent as the child unborn.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
