





402. (M.) 
               
                  Mary, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Huff 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing eleven silk handkerchiefs, val. 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Jaque 
               




             , Aug. 29
. ++
William Jaque deposed, that he was a linnen-draper
 in Maiden-lane, Covent garden


; that on the 29th of Aug. about 8 in the evening, the prisoner came into his shop with a little girl about 6 or 7 years of age, she pretended to buy some silk handkerchiefs, she was very difficult, after some time the child said, mamma, I'll go out, and spend a penny; she went out, after which the prisoner would not buy any thing, then she followed the child, in about five minutes after he missed some handkerchiefs; in about an hour after he was sent for to Sir John Fielding, there was the prisoner, and 11 of his silk handkerchiefs. (Produced in court, and deposed to.)


                  Charles 
                  Drake 
               



            , servant to messrs. Hughes and Batten, deposed, that the prisoner and a little girl came into their shop in York-street, on the 29th of Aug. about 8 in the evening, she wanted to see some kenting handkerchiefs, he shewed her some, on her looking at them he observed her to draw three quantities of them off the counter with one hand, while she was holding a piece up to look at with her other; then the child said her foot was asleep, and her garter was off; she stooped down by her mother, as if to tye it up, she took up the three pieces from the ground, and put them into her apron; then the woman said she wanted a piece of check; he bid her walk to the fore part of the shop, which she did; then he went round the counter, and shut the door, and took the handkerchiefs out of the child's apron; he searched the woman, and found in her apron many silk and kenting handkerchiefs, her apron was full; he took her to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; the prosecutor came and swore to these here produced, which were part of them.
The prisoner said, she did not know how the child came by them.
She called 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Hoskins 
               



            , 
               
                  Ann 
                  Gray 
               



            , 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Jones 
               



            , and 
               
                  Judith 
                  Wright 
               



            , who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T.
            

There was four other indictments against her of the same nature.
