





9. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Hathen 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one piece of linen cloth, called a Barber's shaving-cloth, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Allison 
                  




                
            , Nov. 28
. ++


                  William 
                  Buridge 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Allison, a barber and periwig-maker
 in Bishopsgate street


. The prisoner did work with him 12 months ago. He used sometimes to come to shave himself, and clean his shoes. He came last Monday was a week, about half an hour after seven in the morning; after he had brushed his shoes, I saw him take a shaving-cloth, and put it into his left side coat pocket, in the inside his coat; he was suspected before, so we had an eye upon him. I went for a constable, and he was taken into custody; after which I saw him drop the cloth by the side of a table. When he was in the coach going to Newgate, he said, he never wronged any body but my master, and that he was a fool for wronging of him, who had been so good a friend to him.


                  Robert 
                  Drew 
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutor. I did not see the prisoner take the cloth, but when my master was giving the constable charge of him, I saw him drop it. When I was in Newgate, to see him afterwards, he said, As I knew we in the house had a suspicion of him, why did I not tell him? then he never would have wronged my master any more.
Mr. Allison. I have known the prisoner 2 years and about 6 weeks; he work'd with me a year and a fortnight, and behaved very well during that time. I never did suspect him before Nov. the 6th, when he was seen to take a cloth out of my cupboard; then I gave directions to watch him. I saw this cloth now in question fall from him; he begg'd of me to let him go to the East Indies.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had the cloth.
To his Character.
Mr. Stauton. The prisoner worked with me 3 years, and behaved with a great deal of honesty.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
