





498. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Territt 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 21st of January
, about the hour of one in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clark 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing four gold watches, value 40 l. three silver watches, with metal and fish skin cases, value 15 l. 15 s. sixteen other watches made of silver; seven other watches, the outside metal, value 15 l. six silver watch-cases, value 30 s. one 36 s. piece, one 27 s. piece, and a guinea, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Scott 
                        



                      
                  , in the said dwelling house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Clark 
                     



. ++


                  John 
                  Scott 
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and live in Gracechurch-street; my shop is part of the dwelling house of 
               
                  John 
                  Clark 
               



            ; it is on the ground floor, taken out of his dwelling house, divided by a partition cross the shop; it is quite separate from the house; they have no communication with my shop, or I with theirs: on the 22d of January I came to my shop, and found the door broke open, and I found a cupboard and desk broke also; on examining I found the box of watches, containing about thirty new, silver, plate, and money, to the full value of 100 l. all gone; I made application to my Lord-Mayor and Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; and after the necessary advertisements and hand-bills, which were repeated upwards of a month, nothing led to a discovery till the 24th of April; then a person in court came and told me, he suspected there were some of my watches altering and defacing, in order to be disposed of; I got a search-warrant, and searched 
               
                  Josiah 
                  Burroughs 
               



            's apartment; there was nothing tending to a discovery, till we happened to light of this little memorandum-book, (producing one;) here is an account of eleven watches, to four of which stands the names and numbers of those which I lost; we took the man before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; he refused to give an account of his employer; we did not take the prisoner till about a fortnight ago; then, before my Lord-Mayor, he said the watches were his own.


                  Henry 
                  Buckley 
               



            . I am a watch-gilder. On the 24th of April, Mr. Burroughs came to my house, with the name, plate, and silver middle, in Bridge-water-square, which had a fresh name put on them; I said to Mr. Burroughs, it is my opinion this is one of Mr. Scott's; (he brought them to regild;) no, said he, I believe that marked with the letter B, was Mr. Scott's; (that I never saw;) I said, it is a pity Mr. Scott should labour under what he does, he is spoke very ill of, as though he had not been robbed at all; I said, if it would not affect you, I would let him know; he said no, it would not affect him, for I have nothing but what I work for of him; he said, what harm can there be in it, for I save all the original names and numbers they now stand in; then I let Mr. Scott know of it.
Q. How many watches did he then speak of?
Buckley. He meant as many as had come into his hands; this was spoke in my shop before my apprentices.


                  Josiah 
                  Burroughs 
               



            . I am a watch-finisher; the prisoner at the bar brought me eleven watches to clean, this was about February and March; I was to alter them, and take out the names and numbers.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Burroughs. He is a watch-engraver
; I took the names and numbers out, and delivered them to him again; he had them engraved afresh; I have the account of what the names were; I put them down in this memorandum-book here produced; he came for them again to have fresh names and numbers put on them; then he brought them again, and I got them gilt, and some I know he got gilt by another person; I got Mr. Buckley to gild some, I do not know who gilt the others; he gave me 6 d. each for doing it; I challenged him with doing one named Bradford, (aman who finished that for Mr. Scott:) I had worked upon that watch; the prisoner said that watch was his own; I knew the watch, but I did not hear of Mr. Scott having any loss till I was informed of it that morning; I said, this watch is my own finishing, it is made up by Mr. Scott in Lombard street.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner?
Burroughs. I have known him nine years; they put me to prison because I would not tell who I had them of.
Q. Why did you not tell?
Burroughs. Because people told me they could not hurt me, as I had served seven years to the trade; and if I did not tell, they could go no farther; I did not tell for about a day and a half, then I informed Mr. Scott.
Q. Is it not a common thing in the watch trade to change the name and number, in order to palm bad watches for good ones?
Burroughs. Sometimes it has been done.
Q. Is there not an Ellicot or a Graham on some that are not of much value?
Burroughs. I believe there may.
Q. Are there not thousands of watches come from Jamaica with names put upon them here?
Burroughs. There may.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did you not at first say you had them of one Jones?
Burroughs. I did, that was by the prisoner's order; he said, if I said I had them of one Jones, they would not find it out who the person was I had them of.


                  Francis 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I can only tell the names and numbers of some watches that the prisoner at the bar brought and pledged with me; there was a gold one, name 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Praty 
               



            , No 1602; a ditto, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hallam 
               



            , No 5003; a silver one 
               
                  William 
                  Talmer 
               



            , London, No 6408; one 
               
                  Peter 
                  Threlkill 
               



            , London, No 2685; one Lory, Paris; and one 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Hornby 
               



            , 4681; the four last, I apprehend, were all silver; they were brought, one the 5th of February, another the 18th, another the 25th of March, another the 26th, and one the 8th of April, and the last the 14th of April.
(The book found at Burroughs's house produced.)
Scott. (He takes it in his hand.) Here are four, among which here is one name Matthew Hill, another 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Mitchelson 
               



            , No 193; another 
               
                  John 
                  Bradford 
               



            , 532; and one 
               
                  George 
                  Munroe 
               



            , No 50, all metal ones; these are all I can swear to that are in this book; against Mitchelson is 
               
                  William 
                  Tomlin 
               



            .
Q. to Burroughs. Can you tell when you altered the name of Mitchelson to Tomlin?
Burroughs. I had them all from the prisoner in February and March, and the beginning of April.
Note, The book contained the names and numbers of watches which he had taken out, and the other names put in on several watches.
Prisoner's defence.
I served my time to a branch in the watch business, and I had two legacies left me, which enabled me to make up watches, these were all my own property; I never gave Burroughs any watches to alter the names.
Q. to Burroughs. You hear what the prisoner says.
Burroughs. These watches in my book the prisoner brought to me, to alter the names.
Q. Is there any body here that can give any account of the prisoner bringing them to you?
Burroughs. I lived in Allen street, and when I lived at the corner of Ball yard, my landlord can make it appear he has seen the prisoner come to me several times, and my wife can prove the same.
(The wife and landlord were sent for.)


                  Mary 
                  Richards 
               



            . My husband is not at home; 
               
                  Josiah 
                  Burroughs 
               



             lodged at our house above twelve months.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner come to Burroughs's apartment?
M. Richards. To the best of my knowledge, I have seen him go through my house to his room.
Q. How many times do you think?
M. Richards. I really cannot tell how many times.


                  Susanna 
                  Burroughs 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Josiah 
                  Burroughs 
               



            ; I have known the prisoner twelve months; he has come to our room several times, to bring watches to clean and do something to.
Q. Do you know what your husband did to them?
S. Burroughs. That I do not know.
Prosecutor. We took Burroughs on Saturday the 25th of April, and he told us he had the watches of the prisoner; on the Monday following I advertised the prisoner, two guineas reward for taking him, from the 26th of April; and we have been at his house, and all places where he was supposed to be, but never could find him till September the 1st.
The prisoner called 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Howard 
               



            , a cabinet-maker at Bethnal-green; 
               
                  James 
                  Andrews 
               



            , on Saffron-hill; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Nicholls 
               



            , of Bunbill-row; 
               
                  John 
                  Woodward 
               



            , a watch finisher, Noble street; 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Brian 
               



            , a watch finisher near Temple-bar; 
               
                  William 
                  Earnshaw 
               



            , a watch-movement maker, Aldersgate-street; 
               
                  William 
                  Fish 
               



            , a watch-engraver in Old-street; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Steed 
               



            , Ironmonger-row; and 
               
                  John 
                  Clark 
               



            , a shoemaker in Cloth fair, who all gave him a good character.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
