





304. (M) 
               
                  Rachael, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Anderson 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing two linnen waistcoats, value 1 s. two linnen-caps, value 1 s. three linnen-shirts, value 3 s. two linnen-biggins, value 6 d. four linnen aprons, value 4 s. one linnen-shift, value 1 s. and one silver tea-spoon, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Brothers 
                  




                
            , spinster
, September 29
. ||


                  Eleanor 
                  Brothers 
               



            . I live in Wapping; I lodged at the prisoner's house the first night I came to London.
Q. Where does she live?
E. Brothers. She lives at King James's-stairs, Wapping


 my lock of my trunk was picked the first night I lay there.
Q. When did you come there?
E. Brothers. I came there on Monday was three weeks.
Q. Is the prisoner's a public, or a private house?
E. Brothers. It is a private lodging house.
Q. Did many people lodge there that night?
E. Brothers. I do not know of any that did, except one man that works with her husband.
Q. What did you lose?
E. Brothers. I lost the goods mentioned in the indictment. [Mentioning them by name.]
Q. Have you found any of them again?
E. Brothers. I did not find them till the day before yesterday, then I found three child's shirts two child's waistcoats, and two caps. [ One of the caps was taken off her child's bear]


                  Anne 
                  Pain 
               



            . I live in New Gravel lane Wapping; I am a pawnbroker, the prisoner brought three child's shirts, two waistcoats, one cap, and two biggins, and pledged them with me on the 7th of October. [Produced in court]
Prosecutrix. These are my property, I have had them under my case for these three years.


                  Grace
               


             M'Daniel. These things here produced are the prosecutrix's property.
Q. to Prosecutrix. What did the prisoner say for herself?
Prosecutrix. She said these things were her own.
Q. How came you by these childrens things?
Prosecutrix. I went over to Virginia to my godmother, who was also my aunt; she left them to me. I have a great deal of cloaths besides these things. These were taken out of my box in the prisoner's house.
Prisoner's Defence.
These things are my own; one of the caps she took off my child's head, which I bought in the Change two years ago. At the same time she says her box was broke open. She lay in the same bed with me. Three days after she had been in my house, she sent to me to know if she had left such a bundle of child-bed linnen in my house. The other woman that stands there, said, she offered them to sale. I never saw any such things; she complained her box was broke open, while in my house.
Q. to Prosecutrix. Where is the cap that was taken from the child's head?
Prosecutrix. It is here. [Producing it, compared with the other, they agree.]
Q. to Mackdaniel. Look at this cap?
Mackdaniel. I know this to be the prosecutrix's property. 



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


