






271, 272. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Haywood 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Elrey 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Spratley 
                  




                
            , March 19
. ++


                  William 
                  Spratley 
               



            . On Saturday the 19th of March, at the time of the election, I was in Guildhall


; Mr. Pain tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me if I had lost my handkerchief; he shewed me one, I knew it to be mine; I desired him to let the boys go, he had hold of the prisoners.


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . On the 19th of March, about four in the afternoon, as the people in Guildhall were moving away, the boys at the bar were moving about; I followed and kept very close to them; the prosecutor was taking down the number of the poll, his pocket was in a manner open, and the handkerchief visible to be seen; Elrey took it out, and handed it to Haywood; I tapped the prosecutor on the shoulder, and said you have lost your handkerchief, and collars both the prisoners; Haywood dropt the handkerchief, I believe I took it up; the prosecutor swore to it before the magistrate; I took the prisoners to the Compter.
Haywood's defence.
I went into see the gentlemen voting; I stood by the gentleman, he lost his handkerchief; that other man said, he saw me take it out of his pocket, I saw it lying on the ground.
To his character.


                  Henry 
                  Monk 
               



            . I make muffins, Haywood used to carry them out on his own account, he always paid me very honestly; I have known him between six and seven years.


                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . I live in Liquorpond-street; I have known him two years, I never knew or heard any harm of him.


                  Anne 
                  Haywood 
               



            . I am his mother; he is an honest industrious child, he is as good as a husband to me; I have but another child, two as good children as ever were born.
Elrey's defence.
I was at Guildhall; that gentleman took me upon suspicion of picking the gentleman's pocket.
To his character.


                  Thomas 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I am a chairmaker in Leicester-street; Elrey is my apprentice, and has been about two years and a half; he always behaved extremely well, he never lay out of my house all the time; I have trusted him with untold money.


                  Susanna 
                  Perry 
               



            . I have known him from a child, I never knew him to do a bad thing.



                  Jane 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known him seven years, he was errand-boy at a silversmith's before he went apprentice, where my husband works; he has been trusted with 200 l. in goods at a time; he always behaved well.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
