





269. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ferguson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen waistcoat, value 2 s. and four pair of thread hose, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Christopher 
                  




                
            , August 13
.~


                  Francis 
                  Christopher 
               



            . I keep the Toy at Hampton-Court. Betwixt the 12th and 13th of August, I lost a linnen waistcoat, and five pair of thread stockings, out of my ware house. I have found the waistcoat and four pair of stockings; they were produced before the justice by the soldiers he had sold them to.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Christopher. He is a soldier
, he was upon duty at Hampton-Court.


                  William 
                  Cope 
               



             I bought this waistcoat, and two pair of stockings, of the prisoner at the bar, at Hounslow, for 3 s. and a pot of beer, on a Sunday morning, about three weeks ago. He then said, they were given him; but before the justice, he said he found them. [Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]


                  Thomas 
                  Howell 
               



            . The prisoner made me a present of two pair of stockings. [Producing them, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Q. When did he give them to you?


                  Howell 
                  It 
               



             was the Saturday before the Sunday that Cope speaks of; before the justice he said he found them on Hampton-court-green, the morning he was upon guard.


                  Mary 
                  Mansfield 
               



            . I left all these things in the wash over night, and they were gone the next morning, which was the 13th of 
               
                  August.
               


             I work for the prosecutor.


                  Thomas 
                  Page 
               



            . I am a corporal, I was upon guard the 12th of August at night, at Hampton-court, the prisoner was one of my guard, I was called up at four in the morning, and I missed him, he was absent till six.
Q. Were any of the witnesses then on guard?
Page. Cope and Howell were both in the same guard that night.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was taking a walk in the morning, to see if I could get a pint of beer; coming back to the guard again, I found these things in a handkerchief on the green.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


