






290, 291. (L.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Pool 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Bluckfield 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Williamson 
                  




                
            , April 11
. ++


                  John 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I was coming down Snow-hill, near the King's-Arms inn


 on the 11th of April, in the evening, about seven or eight o'clock, walking arm in arm with Mr. Jackson, and the two prisoners were very close behind us. I thought I felt one of them picking my pocket, so I turned round, but they then walked off. I felt, and told Mr. Jackson they had picked my pocket. We pursued them down by the side of Fleet-market. When we came close to them, they made a full stop, one said to the other, We have gone past the house. I said to them, You have been kind enough to pick my pocket. They said they had not. I said, I look upon it you have. They declared they had not, and said they did not know what we meant. One of them said, D - n my eyes, let us go, don't let us stop for them. I said you shall not go from me till I have my handkerchief. I said to Mr. Jackson, Do you lay hold of one, and I will the other, and we will take them to the constable; which we did, but going along they resisted so much, we thought it dangerous. We took them in at the Angel alehouse by the side of the Fleet market, and desired a gentleman to search them. He did, and found only one handkerchief upon one, and four upon the other, neither of them mine. In the mean time, a little girl picked up a handkerchief under the table, and said, Is this yours? I took it into my hand, and said it was mine. I said, This could not come here of itself. Then they dropped a little of their impudence, and were not so violent as they had been. I got a constable, and they were taken to the Compter, and the next day before Mr. Alderman Harley, who committed them. (The handkerchief produced and deposed to.) 
               
                  Richard 
                  Jackson 
               



             confirmed the evidence given by the prosecutor.
Pool's Defence.
I live in Shoe-lane. I had been and bought four handkerchiefs at Rag-fair. The gentleman charged me with picking his pocket. I never saw his handkerchief till in that house.
Bluckfield's Defence.
My father is a cutler. I had been home with some work for him. I met Pool. I asked him where he had been; he said, to Rag-fair, to buy four handkerchiefs. Going down Fleet-market, the gentleman charged us with picking his pocket. He found nothing on me but one handkerchief.
Prosecutor. The four handkerchiefs were all nasty, not fit for sale.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
