





569. (M.) 
               
                  Eleanor, wife
 of 
                     
                        Owen 
                        Carroll 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk gown, value 2 s. and one muslin neckcloth, value 4 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Tool 
                        



                      
                  ; one linen shirt, value 18 d. and one pair of silk stockings, value 2 s. the property of Sir


                           Thomas 
                           Newcomb 
                        



                      
                  , Bart
. two linen shirts, value 3 s. and one pair of silk stockings
            , the property of a person unknown; September 17
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Tool 
               



            . I am a laundress

. The prisoner lived in the house with me, and worked for me. I missed things, but she would own to nothing, till I missed my own silk gown; then she owned she had taken that, and said if I would let her have half a guinea, she would go and fetch it. I took her up; then she owned where the other things were, and brought me to the place where they were.
Q. What did she confess?
M. Tool. She confessed she took my gown, a neckcloth of my husband's a shirt and pair of silk stockings of Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Newcomb 
               



            's; and a shirt and pair of silk stockings of a gentleman that I wash for; I don't know his name; he is an attorney. At Mr. Gunston's, we found my silk gown; a pair of silk stockings of Sir Thomas Newcomb's, a neckcloth and shirt; and at Mr. Watson's we found a pair of silk stockings and two shirts.


                  John 
                  Collier 
               



            . I live with Mr. Gunston, in Germyn-street. I took these things in of the prisoner at the bar. (Producing a silk gown, a pair of silk stockings, a neckcloth, and a shirt. Deposed to by M. Tool, to be the property of the respective owners)


                  William 
                  Cooney 
               



            . I lived with Mr. Watson, in Coventry-street: the prisoner pledged two shirts, and a pair of silk stocking to me, at separate times. ( Produced in court, and deposed to).
Prisoner's Defence.
I have a bad husband that used me very ill; I have been obliged to run away for fear of my life; he drove me to it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
