






309. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Griffiths 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for that 


               she, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Alcock 
                     





                   , feloniously , voluntarily, and maliciously, did burn with fire, against the form of the stature, &c.
            
October 7

.~


                  Jane 
                  Alcock 
               



            . My husband's name is William. On the 7th of this instant, when I went to make my bed, I set my candle in the window; I came down stairs, and thought all things were safe. Soon after, my husband, as he was smoaking his pipe, said, he smelt the smell of fire, it came stronger and stronger; the prisoner lodged in my house. I went up stairs, and called to her, and told her, we smelt fire; she said, it was nothing but straw burning. I went up stairs, and opened the door and the flame and smoke met me; I went down into my own room, to secure what money and things I could. Then I ran down stairs and called fire, people came in to assist me, and they put the fire out, with the assistance of the engines; the prisoner seemed very unconcerned all the time, and she telling me it was nothing but straw, and in the room there was a hamper in one corner, with straw in it, and no other place within five yards of it was on fire, it was quite out of the way for any sparks from my candle, where I had set it, to fly into it; and it is plain the fire burst out of the hamper first; I was in the room and saw it, there was a hammock-bed in the hamper.
Q. Could the fire not begin in the bed?
J. Alcock. No, it was a stock-bed, the joists over the hamper were in flames, and the fire was only at that corner.
Q. Do you know that the prisoner had lately been in that room?
J. Alcock. I only know that she went up stairs, and no-body could do it but either she or me; it was in a garret over her room.



               Acquitted
            .
She was a second time indicted for 


               stealing 10 s. in money numbered
            , the money of 
               
                  William 
                  Alcock 
               



            , October 7.


                  Jane 
                  Alcock 
               



            . About the time of the arrival of the queen, I went up stairs to put my cap on, and left my trunk upon the table in the prisoner's room; I missed my key, and went up again, and found my key in the prisoner's hand. The Saturday following, I went up stairs for some money, and missed 20 l. I had 40 in all, in that tin box. We imagined it was taken by a false key; to prevent that for the future, I removed the money out of the box. I asked the prisoner, if she knew of the money I had lost; she said, she knew nothing of it. I said, if my husband comes to know of it, I shall be ruined for ever. She said, I am going to Windsor, and if my uncle gives me any money, you shall have that. She went, but when she came back, she had no money. The week before the fire happened, she proffered, if I would let her go into my room, she would scower it for me. I said, I had lost too much already. The day after the queen arrived, she bought her a number of fine things; my husband and I concluded, they were bought with our money. When the fire was, I left in that same box a crown piece, two half crowns, some odd buttons, and a ring; the prisoner did not know that I had removed any. I had left my room-door open in the time of the fire, and after the fire was over, that box was missing; I know I had not carried it out, it was found afterwards at 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Judge 
               



            's, it was open, and the money taken out; I was informed the prisoner had carried it there. I asked her after the money, she said, search me and welcome, if I have any money about me, it is yours. She was search'd, and the crown and two half crown pieces were found down her bosom; I can swear to the crown piece. After the money was found, she said, she pick'd it off the floor, but did not intend to keep it. [ The crown piece produced.] This I know to be mine, by a piece out of the side of it; this was in the trunk before the fire.
[The jury inspect it.]


                  Sarah 
                  Clark 
               



            . I saw a young woman in a blue and white bed-gown, with a handkerchief over her head, carry a trunk out of Mr. Alcock's house, under her arm, cross the way, at the time of the fire.
Q. Do you know that person again?
Clark. The prisoner at the bar was the person, I have seen her several times before. She had her apron over the trunk, as she carried it on her hip.
Q. Where did she carry it?
Clark. She carried it to Mrs. Judge's house.


                  Hannah 
                  Judge 
               



            . There were two young men that the prisoner cohabits with, brought a bed into my kitchen, at the time of the fire; I never saw the trunk till afterwards; when the bed was opened, there was the trunk.
Q. Was the bed brought open, or tied up, into your house?
Judge. It was brought open, the prisoner was in my kitchen till the fire was over.
Q. Whose bed was it?
Judge. It was Mr. Alcock's bed, that the prisoner used to lie on. Mrs. Alcock came and asked the prisoner for the trunk, and the prisoner denied knowing any thing of it. Then one of the young men said, my dear, open the bed; she opened the bed, and said, here is the trunk, but nothing in it, you need not to make such a fuss. Mrs. Alcock said, there was so much money in it; then the prisoner was searched, and a crown, and two half crowns, were taken out of her bosom. Mrs. Alcock said, there was a piece out of the crown piece, before the money was found, and so it appeared when found.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never carried the trunk over, I carried a great many things in the bed-quilt, and I might as well carry that amongst the bed-cloaths, as any thing else; I pick'd up some silver buttons, and other things, and throwed them into the trunk, I did not know what they were.
For the Prisoner.


                  Barnard 
                  Newby 
               



            . I live in Duck-lane, West-smithfield, and keep a publick-house, I have known the prisoner about 12 months, she has been trusted in my house in the bar, where are things of value; I never lost any thing by her, I always took her to be an honest woman.


                  Margaret 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I have known her two years, I never knew any ill by her before.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


