





515. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Collins 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five silver buttons for shirts sleeves, value 2 s. four silver studs and one silver button for shirts, set with stone
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Salmon 
                  




                
            , Sept. 1
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Salmon 
               



            . I am a silversmith
, and live in Barbican


; I was not at home at the time the thing happened, I can only swear to the things being my property.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Salmon 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; the prisoner came into our shop, and asked for a pair of all silver buttons, on the 1st of September, between five and six in the afternoon; I reached him out three pair; he took no notice of any of them, but reached and put his hand into a great heap of them, and took some out with three fingers, and put them under his coat, and from thence took an opportunity to put them into his right-hand pocket; I asked him, if none of them that I had shewed him would do; he said he wanted an oval pair; I said there were no oval solid silver ones; he said I might take which pair I would, and weigh them; then he reached his hand into the drawer again while I was weighing them, and took some out in all his four fingers, and put them into his right hand, as before, till he had an opportunity of putting them into his pocket; said he, what do these buttons come to; said I, half a crown; he said 2 s. I said 2 s. 6 d. if I sell them; he bid me 2 s. 2 d. and walked out of the shop; I had no body but myself in the shop; I ran out at the door, and brought him back again, and held him with his breast against the counter, and said, you rogue, you have robbed me, turn your pockets; there came in a neighbour from across the way; he called our servants out of the work shop; in the mean time the prisoner discharged all the buttons out of his right-hand pocket as I held him; there was one button found upon searching him, in his pocket, and a cluster ring, and 1 s. 8 1/2 d. in money upon him; that ring was not our property; the other buttons and studs were found by the side of the counter, where I held him upon the ground.
Q. What quantity did you find?
E. Salmon. Two pair of buttons, four studs, and one stone button, and I think two loose silver buttons.


                  William 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I am a constable, I was sent for to take the prisoner into custody; when I came, I found the buttons on the counter; Mrs. Salmon charged the man with stealing them, he denied it.


                  James 
                  Jones 
               



            . I searched the prisoner, and found one link in his pocket; Mrs. Salmon said he had a great many more about him; I told him he must turn out his pockets; he was doing it; I said, there is one; I saw the link, he seemed a little chagrined; he had 1 s. 8 1/2 d. about him; (the buttons produced in court.)
Salmon. The stone one I can swear to; I believe the others to be my property.
Prisoner's defence.
That which I had in my pocket was not their property; I got them in change for other buttons, of a man who was a brush-maker; I am a large plate worke
r.
For the prisoner.
Mr. Porter. I am a silversmith; the prisoner worked with me two or three months, two or three years ago; he bore the character of an honest man then, and I have not heard to the contrary.


                  William 
                  Grundy 
               



            . I am a plate-worker; I have known him a year and a half, or thereabouts, he has worked with me two different times; I never heard but that he was very honest and sober.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
