





334. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Whitehead 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s. a stone seal and a watch key, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Steping 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            . ++


                  John 
                  Steping 
               



            . I was coming from St. Martin's le Grand on the 6th of this inst. and saw a great many people standing to see the convicts get into the cart to be executed: the prisoner was standing at my right shoulder; and all on a sudden I felt a blow on my back, as I was in the crowd, within about twenty yards of Newgate, near the Magpye


; the blow occasioned my reeling, and my hat was almost off; I put up left hand to save my hat; and the prisoner said, don't be afraid, Sir, you shall not lose your hat. Directly I missed a pocket-handkerchief out of my pocket: I looked round, and saw the prisoner again; I thought I would say nothing about it; in about half a minute, or less, the prisoners were putting into the cart: the prisoner said to me, that is 
               
                  John 
                  Radman 
               



            ; I gave no answer; and in a moment's time; I felt somebody at my fob: I turned short round, and saw a silver watch in the prisoner's right hand; I took him by the collar, and said, You rogue, give me my watch, you have got my watch, there it is; I went to make a snatch at it with my left hand, and my arm was stopped, so that I could not move it forwards: I saw it go out of his right hand, just about as high as the pocket of his breeches, into somebody's hand. I said, the watch is handed away. I said to the prisoner, I have a good mind to take and lick you well: said he, if you will but let me go, I'll box you. I heard several voices cry out, and particularly the man at the Magpy say, Don't let him go. for he is in an errant pick-pocket: I shoved him into the Magpye alehouse, and turned round, and saw a sheriff's officer on horseback, whom I knew some years. I called him, and said, here is a man that has picked my pocket, and desired he would assist me: he dismounted, and came and took hold of him, and said, I'll take care of him; he was taken before my Lord Mayor, and committed.


                  George 
                  Hoey 
               



            . I am a constable. I had the prisoner delivered into my charge; I took him before my Lord Mayor, and he was committed to Newgate.


                  John 
                  Humphrys 
               



            . I was among the rest of the spectators, to see the criminals go; at the loading of the first cart, I heard a gentleman say he had lost his watch: in a few minutes time, I heard something chink, which I thought to be the glass of a watch: when the second cart came up to be loaded, I set my foot upon a watch, and thought I had as good a right to take it up as any body; I took it up, and said nothing to the people, but carried it to my master, whom I serve, Mr. Bridges, in Foster-lane, to know what I should do about it: my master took it to the Mansion-house, and I was sent for: (The watch produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutor; No. 28 l. Name, Brital.)
Q. Did you hear the prosecutor say he had lost his watch?
Humphrys. Yes, I did.
Prisoner's Defence.
When the prisoners were going into the cart at Newgate, I went in at the Magpye; and as they were coming out, I ran out of the house; I was going to buy some nuts, and leaned on the prosecutor's shoulder; he said, you have got my watch: I said, I have not: he said, you have it in your hand; I held up both my hands directly. I never saw the watch.

For the Prisoner.


                  Robert 
                  Woodward 
               



            . I live in Sea-coal-lane, and am a painter, map and printseller. I have known the prisoner two years, and never heard any thing amiss of him till this time; I always looked upon him to be a hard working man.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Woodward. He is a cabinet-maker.


                  Thomas 
                  Clark 
               



            . I live in Bloomsbury, and am a bed-joyner; I have known the prisoner three years; he worked with me twelve months, about two years ago; he then behaved extraordinary well, and earned 22 s. or 23 s. a week of me, for some weeks.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
