





267. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Dradge 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint mug, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Warner 
                  




                
            , March 12
. ++


                  Eleanor Sophia 
                  Warner 
               



            . I keep an inn at Old Brentford


: two men came to our house on the 12th of March, about seven o'clock, the prisoner was one of them; they called for a pint of brandy hot; the boy carried it into the parlour in the mug; they drank that, and went away. Some time after another came, and asked if two gentlemen had been there: I told him yes, but they were gone; he said they were coming again to spend the evening. He went into the parlour, and asked me to make him a pint of brandy hot; it was carried into the parlour by the boy in the pint silver mug; I said to the boy, mind that mug in the parlour; he said he would; I was busy in getting the supper in the kitchen for the waggoner, and some gentlemen. I went to the parlour door, it stood a jar; I looked, and there was neither mug nor man. A gentleman lent his horse, and he was overtaken, being the only person they took.


                  John 
                  Field 
               



            . I am a carpenter: I was charged to aid and assist; I went up to the prisoner and said, how far are you a going; he said, are you the patrole; I said no: then he walked on faster. I saw him take something white from under his coat, and throw it over a camshot wall into the road; I said here is the man, he has thrown the mug away: I called stop thief; we took him: several people went along with me, and we found the mug where I saw him throw it, (produced in court.)
E. Warner. This is my little boy's mug, his grand-father gave it him; here is his name, and the time of his birth, at the bottom of it.
Prisoner's defence.
I went out with a couple of men, little knowing what their design was; happening into this gentlewoman's house, we called for a pint of hot, and then came out; I was never in the house afterwards, nor saw the house since: another person coming to meet us, we came back again, I did not know what his design was; we went into a house opposite, and called for a tankard of beer; the other went out, I did not know where we came out; they took a by-road; one of them said, take this and carry it home, it will not go into my pocket.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
