





485. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Head 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a thickset frock and waistcoat, value 40 s. the property of the Right Hon. 
                     
                        
                           John
                            Earl of Ashburnham
                        



                     
                  , a thickset waistcoat, value 2 s. a worsted waistcoat, value 10 s. ten shirts, value 40 s. ten stocks, value 10 s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 2 s. a linen handkerchief, value 12 d. a linen towel, eight pair of worsted stockings, a pair of leather gloves, a pair of silver shoe-buckles, a pair of men's shoes, a pair of pumps, a pair of silver clasps, a razor, and four guineas, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Barker 
                     



, September 2
. +


                     John 
                     Barker 
                  



                
            . I am porter
 to Lord
 Ashburnham. On the 2d of this instant September all the things laid in the indictment (mentioning them) were taken out of the lodge. My lord was out of town. I used to lie in the lodge when the family was in town, but that night I locked both the lodges up, about nine or ten at night, and went and lay with my wife. In the morning I found the window wrenched open, and the things mentioned were gone. There were workmen paving the yard. They were all willing to be searched. The prisoner had worked there, but had been discharged about a week before. We had a suspicion of him, so I went to inquire about at the pawnbrokers, and found the livery frock at Mr. Jenkinson's, a pawnbroker in Great Poultney Street, with two other waistcoats, and other things.


                  Jos 
                  Jenkenson 
               



            . On the second of September, about nine at night, the prisoner came to my house and wanted to pledge a thickset frock and waistcoat, and two other waistcoats: he wanted two guineas upon them. Mr. Barker had been at my house and described the things he had lost. I stopped the prisoner. He had upon him all these things. (Produced in court.)
Prosecutor. Here are all the things, except the clasps, razor and shoes. The prisoner had my pumps on, and the shoes were found at his lodgings.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming to work at Durham-yard, when I met a young man in St. James's Square, who said he was in great distress, and asked me if I would buy these things. I did not know the consequence of buying them, not having been from Ireland above eight or nine weeks. I bought them for 17 s. and turned back and left them in my lodgings till six o'clock, when I went to pledge them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
