





452. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Burgis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gapper 
                  




                
            , July 23
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Gapper 
               



            . I think it was the 23d of July, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was going up Shoe-lane through a little alley that leads into Gough-square


, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hookman 
               



             came up to me, and said, Sir, I believe you have lost something, please to put your hand in your left side pocket; I did, and found I had lost a silk handkerchief; he saw two fellows follow me up the court, and he knew which way they were gone, if I had a mind to detect them, he believed we might take them; he saw one of them take my handkerchief; we pursued and took the prisoner, the other ran away. I never got my handkerchief again.


                  Thomas 
                  Hookham 
               



            . On Wednesday the 23d of July, I was going from Gough-square to the Fleet-market; this gentleman was coming up Harp-alley, and the prisoner and another young fellow following him; just as we came to meet at the top of the alley, the prisoner snatched a handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket; I stood still till they passed me; then they two walked towards Fleet-street; then they turned back and went towards Holbourn, both close together; they seemed to juggle the handkerchief between them; I stepped after the prosecutor, and asked him if he had lost any thing; he put his hand in his pocket, and said he missed his handkerchief; we went in pursuit of the two men; they had turned down towards the Fleet-market again, through another alley; we went down after them; just at the bottom of the alley they came by again, from towards Holbourn; I said these are the fellows, and laid hold of the prisoner and charged him; he slipped from me and got away, and turned up the alley, and a man that I had enquired after them of, met him, and catched him in his arms; we took him to a constable; we did not find the handkerchief upon him, but at the Mansion-house, before Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Glyn 
               



            , he confessed the other fellow took it a little way out of the prosecutor's pocket; then he, the prisoner, took it quite out, and gave it to the other man, who got off with it.
Prisoner's defence.
These two men said they would give me 1 s. if I would tell what I did; they said, can't you say so, there is no harm in that; they urged me, and at last I owned the other took it out a little way, then I took it quite out; I am a haymaker, and had been at work at Hornsey; I had been over the water to see if all the hay was got in; coming back, near Shoe-lane, I saw a man running as if he would break his neck; they never ran after him, but took hold of me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
