





194. (M.)  
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Manwarring 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Olive 
                  




                
            . *


                  William 
                  Olive 
               



            . I wanted a service, and the prisoner picked me up at Charing-cross, to take me to a gentleman; he took me in at an ale-house, this was on Easter Monday; there came two men into the room; they said, here are a couple of gentlemen doing business, and were going out; the prisoner said, we are not about any business; then they sat down; after some little time he handed our rum and water to them, and they their porter to us. I was to meet the gentleman the prisoner said at one o'clock; I was looking at my watch to see the time of the day, he snatched it out of my hand; one of the other men took me to the door, pretending he wanted to speak with me; in the mean time the prisoner and the other man made off, out at another door, the prisoner took my watch with him: I happened to see him on the Wednesday after, peeping into a silversmith's shop in Fleet-street.


                  Matthew 
                  Yeandle 
               



            . I live at Wandsworth; I was coming by St. Dunstan's church, there I saw the prosecutor have the prisoner by the collar; he said to him, what have you done with my watch you took from me on Monday; there were another fellow or two began to hustle the countryman about, who had got a bundle in his hand; I thought they wanted that; I said to the prisoner, you shall not go away; the other fellows said, then take him into an ale-house; I said no, he should not; they said he should; I called a coach to take him before a magistrate; the door was open; one of the fellows set himself against the door, and said he should not go in; I said he should; at last with assistance we got him and the other man in, we carried them to the Mansion-house; but my Lord-Mayor being engaged, we carried them to the Compter, and after that before my Lord-Mayor; there I said to the prisoner, it appears you are got into a bad gang, you had better impeach and save yourself; he told me he would, and I acquainted my Lord-Mayor with it; but my Lord would not admit him an evidence, as he was the principal in this affair, after that I went with the countryman to the alehouse; there were two doors, he shewed me which door the prisoner ran out at, while one of the men took him to the other.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw the prosecutor in my life, till I met him in Fleet-street; he said, you defrauded me of my watch; I said you are an impudent rascal, I never saw you before; people came and pulled me about, and forced me into a coach at last; I was with a friend on Easter Monday, the time he says he lost his watch; I was with him till three, then we took a walk up to Marybone.
For the prisoner.


                  Charles 
                  Warburton 
               



            . The prisoner was with me from nine in the morning till eleven at night, on Easter Monday; he went out with me to Marybone, and from thence we came and drank a couple of pots of beer, at the Three Tuns, by the Seven Dials; then we went home to my lodgings, in Crown Court; we staid there till seven, then we went to the Crown, and staid there till between eleven and twelve.


                  Francis 
                  Richmond 
               



            . The prisoner was a shoemaker
, I worked for him; I never knew any ill of him in my life.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried before, in company with Trout, for a crime of the same nature, No 23, 24, in this mayoralty.
