






421. (L.) 
               
                  Catharine, wife of 
                     
                        William 
                        Losbell 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing twelve yards of linen cloth, value 16 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Scott 
                        




                      
                  , privately in his shop
            , August 1
. ++


                  George 
                  Scott 
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, in West-Smithfield


. On the first of August, I was above stairs; I came down, and saw the prisoner sitting close to the counter, with her left arm leaning on the counter: I saw her pulling a piece of cotton towards her, with her right hand, which made me suspicious: I walked to the door, and turned again, and saw she had got the cotton near her; I went to go into the counting-house, in order to watch her. I discovered the end of a piece of Irish cloth in her apron, under her left arm: I spoke to my young man, and asked him if that woman had bought any Irish? he said, no. I went up to her, she then got up with it in her apron; I took hold of it, and asked her what she was going to do with that? (there were several customers in the shop) she said very sharply, she had bought it at another shop, and would carry me to the shop where she bought it; I said it was my property, and desired her to walk into the counting house: she did, and made to the door to go out. I stopped her, and sent for a constable; she begged I would forgive her, and said it was the first time she had done so; she threw several little things out of her apron, and said she would give me them all, and pay me for the cloth, if I would forgive her: I called down my servant to search her, but she herself turned out her pocket, and had but Three-pence halfpenny about her: (the cloth produced in court.) I can very safely make oath it is my cloth, and what I took from her; here is my private mark upon it, about twelve yards and a half of it.
Mr. Coleman. I live with Mr. Scott. Mr. Scott asked me if the prisoner had bought any thing? I turned, and saw him take the cloth from her; I had cut some cloth off it in the morning and put our private mark upon it; she had not been in the shop above three or four minutes.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was taken into the shop to look at a piece of cotton; I was much in liquor; the cloth was laid on my knee, and afterwards the woman that I went in with. went away.
Q. to Prosecutor. Was she in liquor?
Prosecutor. She did not appear to be in liquor.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            




               T
            .
