





299. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Walter 
                     Hart 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wicker basket, value 3 s. six quartern loaves, value 4 s. three three-penny loaves, value 9 d. and six two-penny loaves, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Bagnall 
                  




                
            , May 6
. +


                  Robert 
                  Bagnall 
               



            . I am a baker
, in Cross-lane, Long-acre: my man took out a basket of bread according to custom, and in about an hour and half he returned, and said, his basket and bread were stole: in the morning I saw the quantity of bread advertised: I desired my man to go according to the advertisement to Mr. Smith in Cow-lane, where the basket and bread were; in the afternoon I went myself, and found the basket and bread, six quarterns, three three penny, and six two-penny loaves, all my property. I know nothing who stole it.


                  Samuel 
                  Bushey 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor: I pitched my basket, on Monday the 6th of May, at a pastry-cook's window the corner of Fetter-lane


, according to custom, and was gone about a quarter of an hour; when I returned, the basket and bread were stole: I went home and told my master: the next day it was advertised. I went to the constable and told him, before I saw the basket, that it had two notches on the handle; and the bread had the Roman W, a large one: the mark and bread are here now: the mark and bread correspond.


                  Samuel 
                  Barrow 
               



            . I live in Leadenhall-street, and am a baker: on Monday the 6th of May I sent my man out with a basket of bread; he soon returned, and said his basket was gone again; this was the third I lost. I put on a disguise in order to see for it; I was directed by a brother baker to go to Chick-lane; I asked a baker there if he had seen any such; he said, here is a baker that has almost ruined me, by selling bread cheaper than the standard: I went on, and saw the prisoner pitch a basket and take six quartern loaves, two under each arm, and two upon his head, and go into this baker's shop, named Becket; I followed him into the house; the man and wife took the bread and set it on the counter: the baker's man went to secure the basket; I followed the prisoner towards the basket; and said, do you know who owns this basket; he said, no; he did not know any thing of it. I took him back to the shop; the man and woman began to swear they knew nothing of the prisoner: I took the prisoner before my Lord Mayor: we never got back the six quartern loaves; they swore so, and made such a to do, that I could not get at them. I doubt not but there has been 400 baskets lost within sixteen or eighteen months, with bread in them.
Prisoner's Defence.
They accuse me wrongfully of it; I know no more of it than them that live at Jerusalem.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
