






514, 515. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Barnet 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Hymes 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a bar of hard soap, value 12 d. and five yards of oil cloth, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Osborn 
                  




                
            , August 15
. *


                  John 
                  Osborn 
               



            . I live at Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire. I drive the Aylesbury waggon. On the 15th of August the things mentioned in the indictment were packed up in a flat, and put in the middle of the waggon. I was with the waggon. The prisoners being on the road, desired to ride. I took them up. When they rode about three quarters of a mile, then one of them complained he was sick; I stopt, and they got out. They went into a public-house at Kensington


 to drink, and I went in with them; then they said their minds were altered, and they would go no farther. Then I said, Give me what you have in your pocket to carry, and walk a little way, and you will be better. Then Barnet pulled out a bag, and Hyems pulled out a paper parcel, and delivered it to me. In the paper was this bar of soap. (Produced in Court.) It was directed to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Watford 
               



             at Aylesbury, which I had to carry. At first they told me they were smugglers, and had run goods. When I asked him what business he had to take it out of the waggon, he said he found it on the road. The oil cloth was found in the room where we were drinking, in the chimney place, the Saturday following.
The prisoners; in their defence said, they found the soap on Holborn Hill, and Barnet said he picked it up.
Barnet called 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Mordecai 
               



            , and Hymes 
               
                  Moses 
                  Levi 
               



            , 
               
                  Lazarus 
                  Levi 
               



            , and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Arine 
               



            , who said the prisoners were Jews, and had good characters.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
