





402. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Jones 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d. nineteen pair of leather shoes, a tin box, a 6 s. and 9 d. piece, two quarter guineas, and sixteen shillings in money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pidgeon 
                        



                      
                  , privately from the person of Mary, the wife
 of the said William
            , July 11
. ++


                     Mary 
                     Pidgeon 
                  



                
            . I am wife to 
               
                  William 
                  Pidgeon 
               



            , a shoe maker
 in Whitecross-street; I never saw the prisoner before last Saturday night; I had been out with some goods, and was in King-street, Westminister; I met with her in the street; I said if I was in the city, I could find my way home; she said she would show me; she took me I do not know where, and kept me walking about; she took me round the Park several times; she desired me to sit down, and she would go a little way, and then come and show me; she came and sat down by me, and asked to hold my goods for me; I fell asleep, being tired; when I awaked, she and my things were gone, and a box, in which were two quarter guineas, a 6 s. and 9 d. piece, and 16 s. in silver; she had seen me put my box, with my money in it, in my bosom before; there were thirteen pair of Morocco shoes, and six pair of leather shoes, an apron, and a blue and white handkerchief, which she took also; there were two or three people told me, they could show me the house where she lived, that had seen her with me; I went to the house, and saw some shoes on the childrens feet, but could not find her; I went home, and told my husband of the affair, and went on the Monday, and found her and the goods in her habitation, some on some childrens feet.
Q. Had you had any refreshment?
M. Pidgeon. I had only treated her; we had a pint of beer and a dram each, and she saw me take a shilling out of the box, and put the box in my bosom; when we went before the Justice she said she had lost the box.


                  John 
                  Tudor 
               



            . I am a constable, I went with a search-warrant to search the prisoner's apartment, but could find nothing; the Justice desired me to take her over the way, to see what I could find out: I asked her if she would confess, and see if it could be mitigated; she took me out, and said, if I would go along with her she would show me where the things were; I went with her to the house where we had been before; she produced ten pair of Morocco shoes, and two of black; (produced in court, and deposed to by 
               
                  William 
                  Pidgeon 
               



            )
Prisoner's defence.
I am charged with what I know nothing of.
She called one King, a milkman, who said she had carried milk for him, and behaved very just.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from her person
            . 


               T
            .
