





451. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Gibons 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Simon 
                     Otridge 
                  




                
            , July 4
. ++


                  Simon 
                  Otridge 
               



            . On the fourth of July I was in Cheapside


, at the corner of Foster-lane, about ten at night, and coming towards Newgate-street, I thought I saw the prisoner and another before me: they turned upon me, and immediately I missed my handkerchief. I turned round immediately and brushed the prisoner's shoulder. He asked me why I jostled him; I told him I thought he had taken my handkerchief. A person came up and said he would make oath the prisoner had picked my pocket. I know I found a hand at my pocket, but cannot say whose hand. My handkerchief was purple and white.


                  William 
                  Cole 
               



            . I was going up Cheapside, about ten at night, when I saw the prisoner, and another with him, turn short round upon the prosecutor, and the prisoner put his left hand into the prosecutor's right hand pocket, and took something out, but could not distinguish what. He gave it to the other man, who put it under his coat.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was coming home from Gracechurch-Street, this person said he had lost his handkerchief: I said, I should be glad if you would search me. He replied, Go about your business. I went away. They then came and took hold of me, and that other man said, I had picked the gentleman's pocket. I work for Mr. Townsend, an ironmonger in Gracechurch-Street, and make all manner of hardware for him.
He called 
               
                  Peter 
                  Cadeck 
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Redbourn 
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hartley 
               



            , and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Parks 
               



            , blacksmiths; 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hall 
               



            , a publican; and 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Wagget 
               



            , a watchmaker; who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
