





293. (M.) 
               
                  Richard 
                  Riley 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver boat, value 8 s. two yards of velvet, value 16 s. two linen shirts, value 10 s. and a steel-mounted sword, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Boland 
                  




                
            , April 20
. +



                  John 
                  Boland 
               



            . I am a weaver
; so is my son the prosecutor: he lives in Elder-street Norton Falgate


: the prisoner had been my son's footman
, but was turned away. I received a letter from New-prison; I went in consequence of it, and there found the prisoner: he was sent there by Justice Fielding. I knew nothing of his being there till I received the letter: there he confessed to taking the things mentioned in the indictment; (mentioning them) he cried, and said he hoped I would forgive him. I said, I should be sorry to hang him, but chose he should go abroad. He was committed, I found, on account of the boat.


                  William 
                  James 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Glass-house-street: the prisoner pledged this sword with me the 20th of April for 4 s. he said it was given him by a gentleman that he had lived with; he brought about a yard and a quarter of velvet the 31st of December, and had half a guinea upon it; he said he bought it to make a waistcoat of. (Produced in court.)


                  John 
                  Denison 
               



            . I am an old cloaths-man; I took this piece of velvet out of pawn. (producing another piece.) The prisoner took me there to take it out. Another time I took three shirts out of pawn for him. The first was about a month before Christmas: I knew him before; he said he bought the three shirts in France, and wanted a little money; so I took them out for him: they were in Shoreditch: the velvet was at a pawnbroker's, in Bow-street, Covent Garden. I paid a pound or guinea for the shirts, and four shillings for the velvet; he said he got the velvet also in France, when he was there with his master.


                  John 
                  Boland 
               



            . I can swear to the velvet and the boat, and nothing else. I know I have seen such a sword as this hanging in the parlour. My son is in the country for his health.
Mr. Hawkins. I am a salesman in Monmouth-street: the other witness and prisoner brought this boat to me to sell. (Produced in Court.) I bought it of Denison for 12 s. Seeing a crest upon it, I bought it in order to find out the owner, suspecting it to have been stolen: after that I took up Denison; he found the prisoner; he was taken before Justice Fielding; there he confessed he had taken the things mentioned in the indictment. He said two shirts and the sword belong to the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was in distress, and took the things, but with intent to get them again as soon as I got money: It was through necessity; I did not sell any of them.
For the prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Long 
               



            . I live in Queen's-square, Bartholomew Close. I have known him three years; I never knew any thing bad of him.
Q. What are you?
Long. I am a servant.


                  Jane 
                  Elliot 
               



            . I live with my sister, a millener in Fleet-street. I have known him two years and a half; I never knew but that he had a very good character.


                  Samuel 
                  Creswell 
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutor; I always took him to be an honest man before this came out.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
