





263. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Greggs 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a linen sheet, value 3 s. a copper tea-kettle, value 1 s. and a pair of pattens, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jenkins 
                  




                
            , March 5
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Jenkins 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Jenkins 
               



            . I was brought to-bed on the 20th of January, the prisoner washed for me on the 22d; she lodged in a house of mine, but not the house we live in; she quitted her lodging, and ran away; I could not tell what things were missing till I got abroad; then I missed a pair of sheets from her bed where she lodged, and another sheet from my house where I live, and the other things mentioned; I heard where she was gone to, I went and took her up; she confessed she had taken them all, and said she had sold the tea-kettle to Thomasin Dodd, who is now in court, but she has since sold it.
Mrs. Ford. I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner pledged a sheet with me, and another with my partner; (produced and deposed to by prosecutrix;) she pledged them in the name of Devonshire.
Prosecutrix. That is the prisoner's right name.


                  William 
                  Warren 
               



            . The prisoner pledged this pair of pattens to me on the 19th of January; (produced in court.)
Prosecutrix. These are my pattens; I had them on my feet on the 19th of January.
Warren. The prisoner pledged this sheet (producing one) with me the 13th of February; (deposed to by prosecutrix.)
Prisoner's defence.
I asked her to lend me a trifle of money; she said it was not in her power; I said, then I must pawn something; she said if I pawned a pair of sheets, and fetched them out again, she did not mind that, then they were not wearing out; I took these pattens by mistake; the nurse desired me, as I was going out, to take her pattens, and I took these instead of her pattens.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against her for robbing her lodgings.
