





197. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Wright 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 38 s. and one silk handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Arnold 
                  




                
            , April 14
. ++


                  Christopher 
                  Arnold 
               



            . I lodge in Fleet-lane


. On the 14th of April, between 12 and 1 at night, I picked up the prisoner and carried her to my lodging. I undressed myself, and took out my watch; she took it in her hand, and laid it down on the table; I took and hung it up where I usually hang it by my bedside. I got into bed, and said, it she did not come in quickly, I should fall asleep. As I said so it was, I fell asleep; when I awaked in the morning, she and my watch were gone, and also my handkerchief, which I had lent her to tie about her head. I never could meet with her again, till the 21st, when I four'd her in Field-lane. I asked her to go along with me and have some supper; I brought her to the Cock in Fleet-market; then I asked her, how long she had had the handkerchief she had on? she said, you are joking, one handkerchief may be like another. Then I said, if I am not mistaken, you are the very woman that robbed me of my watch. She denied it. I said, I would swear it, and was going to get a constable; she began to cry, and told me she had pawned it in. Aldersgate street, and after that sold it to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Lion 
               



             for 29 s. in whose custody I found it.


                  Henry 
                  Lion 
               



            . I am a servant under Mr. Ross, a turnkey, at the Poultry Compter; (he produced the watch, which the prosecutor deposed to) the prisoner used to come often to the Compter. She said she knew of a place, and could she sell a watch that was her husband's she could get some cloaths, so as to enable her to go to that service; she said it was in pawn for a guinea. I went with her to the three Blue Balls by Aldersgate, and paid a guinea, and 6 d. for the interest, and gave her 8 s. 6 d. besides for it; the night after she was brought to me by a constable, and I produced the watch.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a poor distressed widow, he asked me if I would go with him, he told me he had no money, and he gave me the watch to pawn. I thought I might do what I pleased with it, as he gave it me; and after that I went and sold it to Mr. Lion.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
