





449. (L.) 
               
                  William 
                  Shakespear 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Walding 
                  




                
            , July 31
. ++


                  James 
                  Walding 
               



            . I am a seaman
; as I was coming along by Shoe-lane end


, almost a month ago, between nine and ten at night, two men came out of Shoe-lane, the prisoner being one of them, walked along the left side me; I saw a hand in my pocket; I turned round and catched him by the collar; I took his hand and my handkerchief in it out, and turned my pocket inside out; by so doing, I said, good man, give me my handkerchief and I'll let you go; a man coming by said, give him his handkerchief and he'll let you go; he said he did not put his hand in my pocket; upon that I carried him to the Round-house, and delivered him to the care of the constable; there was his comrade close by him when I said, give me my handkerchief; he made off; the prisoner dropped a blue handkerchief, but that was not mine; I had used mine but a little before.


                  David 
                  Evans 
               



            . I was coming from my work that night down Holbourn-hill; I met the prosecutor, the prisoner was by his side; I saw his hand in the prosecutor's pocket; I passed by them, and upon hearing him call out, good man give me my handkerchief, I turned round, and they were collaring each other; there was another man with the prisoner; they dropped a blue and white spotted one; I took it up and gave it to the Black, (that is the prosecutor) he would not own it; I saw the prisoner's companion going over the way, I did not go after him.
Prisoner's defence.
Coming up Holbourn hill the prosecutor turned round, and said his pocket was picked; this other gentleman said he saw my hand in his pocket, that is very false; they took me into the watch-house, I desired them to search me; the prosecutor said, if I would give him half a crown he would not appear against me; he said he gave a gentleman 3 s. 6 d. a day to come and appear against me.
Q. Did you ever offer as the prisoner has said?
Prosecutor. No, I never did; they came to me at Esquire Walker's, where my wife is now, to make it up, and I said I would not make it up, till I know what footing I was upon; I have attended here these four days, and his friends almost tore me to pieces in the Sessions-house yard; I was forced to confine myself in the alehouse.
Q. What are you on board a ship?
Walding. I am cook on board a merchant ship; I lost several things by pickpockets; I lost a pair of shoes last year on Tower-hill, and I always said, the first I catch I'll hold fast.
For the prisoner.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Pitman 
               



            . I live at Mr. Downing's in Fleet-street; the prisoner's sister desired me to go to the Esquire's house where the prosecutor's wife lives; I said the prisoner was my brother, but he is not.
Court. So then you have the confidence to come here to give an account you wanted to compound a felony.


                  Abraham 
                  Doyle 
               



            . I am a waiter at the Shakespear's-head.
Q. Is not that a bawdy-house?
Doyle. People say so.
Court. A remarkable gentleman; you need say no more.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
