





115. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ward 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of steel snuffers, value 1 s. and a silver snuffer-stand, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Festone 
                  




                
            , widow
, Jan 7
. ++



                  Mary 
                  Pearce 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Festone 
               



             in Upper Gloucester-Street


. Last Saturday morning I went out over the way for a halfpenny worth of brick-dust. I pulled the street-door too, but the spring lock did not catch. I was not a minute when I got on the step of the door where I was going. I looked back and saw a man go in at our door, I run back as fast as I could, as the rest of the servants were below. I met the prisoner coming out on the second step of the door; he was putting something in his right hand pocket: I followed him, and said, You impudent man, what have you been in my Mistress's house for? He changed pale, and ran. I run after him as fast as I could, and called, Stop that man! He was taken in Ormond-yard. I told the mob to bring him to our house, and ran back to shut the door. They brought him, and the snuffers and stand also. I know they were in the parlour when I went out.


                  John 
                  Cole 
               



            . I was going in Ormond-street. I heard somebody call, Stop the man, Stop the man. I saw the prisoner running; he took towards Ormond-yard. I followed him down the yard. I saw him drop the snuffers and stand. I took them up, and he was secured.
Produced and deposed to, by a crest upon the stand, by the first evidence, as her Mistress's property.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going across Queen-Square, and seeing people run and call Stop thief, I ran among the rest. There were a great many people running besides me.
To his character.
Joseph Green. I have known the prisoner six years: he has a very good character.


                  Richard 
                  Harrald 
               



            . I have known him five years. Could I afford to keep a servant in his way, he should be the first person I should take. He is a barber.
Q. Have you any reason to doubt the truth of what has been laid against him?
Harrald. He may have been led away by bad people.
Mr. Cook. I have known him about eight years: he had a very good character the time I knew him.
Mrs. Waites. I have known him six years: his character was good during that time.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
