






320, 321. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gordon 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Davis 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing four cloth coats, value 17 s, and one cloth waistcoat, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Richardson 
                     



                  , privately in the shop of the said Richard
            , May 12
. ++


                     Robert 
                     Richardson 
                  




                
            . I am a dyer and scourer
, and live at Wapping


. I went out on the other side of the water; after which I missed the next morning four coats, two waistcoats, and a pair of breeches, from a board at the farther end of the shop, and yesterday I saw the two prisoners on Towerhill; the black, whose name is Gordon, had one of the coats on his back; I apprehended him; after that I found two coats and a waistcoat in the shop of Mrs. Branch in Rosemary-lane, and a coat in another shop (four coats and a waistcoat produced and deposed to.)


                  Charles 
                  Ainsworth 
               



            . I happened to be last Wednesday in Rosemary-lane, Gordon came to me and asked me to go and sell a coat for him; I went and sold it to Mrs. Branch, and delivered the money to him; Davis desired me to sell a coat and waistcoat, I took and sold them at the same time.


                  James 
                  Murray 
               



            . I took Gordon with this coat on his back.
Gordon's defence.
I gave 5 s. 6 d. for the coat to a woman.
Davis's defence.
What they say against me is very false. Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 



               T
            .
