





163. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Quincey 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pound eight ounces of singlo tea, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  the
                   United 
                  Company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies






            , April 2
.*
John Styles Mordan. I am an officer in the East-India house, the prisoner was employed as a labourer
 in the warehouse; on the second of April he was shewing the teas out of the tubs. I was before my lord-mayor with him, and there heard him own that he had taken some of the company's tea.


                  Joseph 
                  Adams 
               



            . I am one of the company's elders, my business is to take care of the company's goods when they come in, and see them delivered out; the prisoner was employed as a labourer. On Thursday the second of April, when I was discharging the people that were employ'd in the company's warehouses, the prisoner at the bar came down (I being informed before that he had been clandestinely at work at the teas in the chests, and that he had concealed some in a bag in his breeches behind) when he came I searched him, as I usually do at going out, I rub them down as they call it; I said to the prisoner, What have you got here in your breeches? and put my hand between his thighs. He said a little tea. I ordered him to pull it out, and let me have it. He unbuttoned his breeches, and took it out, and gave it to me, and I delivered it to the king's officer, and took him into the compting-house, and sent for Mr. Mordan; we weighed the tea in the prisoner's presence, it weighed one pound eight ounces. I was before my lord mayor with the prisoner, the prisoner was charged with taking of it, and he owned he had been guilty of it.


                  John 
                  Boulderston 
               



            . I was a labourer belonging to the company; on the second of April I saw the prisoner walk round the place where we were all at work; I walked after him, I saw him take tea out of several of the chests; I had often before told him he should never walk by himself, and so had other people; we were at this time making up the tea in the chests after the shew.
Q. What did the prisoner do with the tea you saw him take?
Boulderston. He put it in a bag, this was about nine in the morning, I let it alone till near two, then I informed Mr. Adams of what I had seen him do. When we went to go out I was next but one to the prisoner, I saw Mr. Adams search him; Mr. Adams ask'd him to give it to him, the prisoner took it out, and delivered it to him; it was afterwards weighed, and before my lord mayor he was charg'd with taking it, and he own'd he did take it, in my hearing, and said he was very sorry, and said he left it to his lordship's mercy, as well as the directors.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing about it.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Collingburn 
               



            . I have known the prisoner almost thirty years.
Q. What is his general character?
Collingburn. I never heard any ill of him before this in my life.


                  John 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I have known him between twelve and thirteen years, I always took him to be an honest man, I never heard the contrary in my life before this.


                  Thomas 
                  Quinsey 
               



            . I am second cousin to the prisoner, I have known him from a child, and have had dealings with him; he is a staymaker by trade; I have not heard the least ill of him in my life before.


                  James 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I have known him upwards of twenty years, I never heard his character brought in question before. I always looked upon him to be a very honest man.



                  Stephen 
                  Brampston 
               



            . I have known him about seventeen or eighteen years.
Q. Have you known him down to this time?
Brampston. I have.
Q. What has been his character?
Bramspston. I never heard any ill of him in my life before.


                  Francis 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I have known him seventeen years.
Q. What has been his character?
Williamson. This is the first time I have ever heard his character called in question, I always thought him to be a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Deacon 
               



            . I have known him ever since I knew myself, I never knew a dishonest thing of him in my life.


                  Daniel 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known him about twelve years.
Q. What is his general character?
Smith. I never heard any harm of him before this. I served him with coals.


                  William 
                  Fenton 
               



            . I have known him between twenty and thirty years, he has been backwards and forwards at my house, and always behaved very honourable; he is a man of a very good character.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


