






242. (M) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Harrison 
                  , otherwise 
Johnson, otherwise 
Williamson




            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing four silver spoons, value 50 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Elderton 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said John
            , July 5

..~


                  Johanna 
                  Elderton 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar came on the 7th of July to my house, and asked for Mr. Elderton; the servant that went to the door said, her master was not at home. The prisoner said, he had himself appointed to be at home at two o'clock, and she wondered he was not in the way; upon which the servant left her at the door, while she came up to ask me if I knew any thing about it. I came down stairs immediately with the maid, and met the prisoner at the foot of the stairs, at the back-parlour door; there she repeated the same to me, of Mr. Elderton's having appointed to be at home at two o'clock. I pressed her with all the civility I could, to go into the parlour, and they till he came home. She then made a very different appearance from what she does now, being well dressed. I took my watch out, and said, it wanted but about a quarter of an hour to the time appointed, desired she would stay that quarter of an hour, and said he would be punctual to his appointment. She said, she could not possibly stay, and behaved with a great deal of civility, and took her leave in haste; and said, she would go a little farther, and would be back by a quarter after two; she said her name was Williamson, and came from Twickenham; and if I pleased to tell Mr. Elderton that, he would know her business. About half an hour after she was gone, my servant going to see for some spoons in a beaufet in the parlour, there were five large table-spoons missing; and as no other person had been in the house, we suspected her. The servant that let her in, hearing the spoons enquired for, came up in fright, and said, she hoped the prisoner was not a cheat, for she saw her coming out of the back-parlour.
Q. Which parlour were the spoons missing from?
J. Elderton. From the fore parlour; but there was a communication between the two parlours. When Mr. Elderton came home, he went immediately to justice Fielding, with a description of the prisoner; desiring, if she was brought there, he might be sent for. On the Thursday se'nnight following, she was brought before him for another offence; and he sent, desiring we would attend there the next morning, for he imagined he had got the person. My servant and I went accordingly. The minute I saw the prisoner, I said that was the person. She came up to me. I asked her what she had done with my spoons. She said she had taken them, and begged forgiveness; she said she had sold them to Mr. Peirce, a silver-smith, in Newgate-street, immediately after she took them. I went and found them accordingly. Mr. Fielding sent for Mr. Peirce, who came, and said, he bought four of them of the prisoner that very same day, for 46 s. or 47 s. She owned she sold them to him. I was there a second time, and then I asked her what she had done with the other spoon, I having lost five. She said she might have lost it, or dropped it in her fright.
Q. When had you seen them last?
J. Elderton. I had the evening before locked the door, and counted the spoons, as I usually did. [ The spoons produced in court, and deposed to.] Here
W.
are the letters J. J. upon them.


                  Hannah 
                  Rainsford 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor, we live in Featherstone-buildings, Holbourn; the prisoner knocked at our door on the 7th of July, and asked if my master was at home; I told her he was not; she said she was surprized at that, as he had appointed her to come at two o'clock. I told her if she pleased to stop at the street-door, I would go up stairs to my mistress, and ask her about it. I did, and upon coming down again, I saw her coming out of the back-parlour. She met my mistress at the foot of the stairs. We had no mistrust she was such a sort of a person then, seeing her so well dressed. She told my mistress, that master had appointed her to be at home at two o'clock, and was surprized he was not at home at the time. She said her name was Williamson, and came from Twickenham, and said she would call again in half an hour's time. In about half an hour after my fellow-servant missed the spoons; there had been nobody in the house, but the prisoner; I had seen the spoons myself that same morning, about an hour before.
Q. Did you shut the street-door, when you left her there to go up to your mistress?
H. Rainsford. No, I did not.
Q. Where were the spoons when you saw them last?
H. Rainsford. They were in the beaufet in the fore-parlour; when I heard the spoons were missing. I ran up stairs, and said to mistress, I hoped that woman was not a cheat. About a week after she was taken up, and carried before justice Fielding, and in my hearing there, she confessed she had taken five spoons from Mr. Elderton's, and sold them to Mr. Peirce, for 46 s.
Q. Did she say where she took them from?
H. Rainsford. No, she did not give a particular account of that. I was before the justice a second time, then she owned she had taken them, and asked my mistress pardon. There were four spoons found at Mr. Peirce's; she was asked after the other spoon; she said she might have lost it in her hurry; she had taken five, but really did not know what she had done with the other.
Q. How are the two parlours situated?
H. Rainsford. There is a communication between them, and the door between them was not locked.
Q. to Mrs. Elderton. Did you lock the beaufet over-night?
Mrs. Elderton. I did, and had given the key to the last witness in the morning.
H. Rainsford. I had unlocked the door to the beaufet about seven o'clock.


                  John 
                  Peirce 
               



            . I am a silversmith, and live in Newgate-street; on the 7th of July the prisoner at the bar came and sold me these 4 table spoons; she was well dressed, and I had no reason to suspect them to have been stolen. They weighed eight ounces, and four penny-weights; I gave her 5 s. and 8 d. an ounce, at which they came to 2 l. 6 s. 6 d. these are the spoons here produced, I asked her her name; she said her name was Williamson. Here is J. J. and the W. on the top, answering to the name she had given me. I was afterwards at Mr. Fielding's, and she was asked there, if she knew me; she said, yes, my name was Peirce, and I was the person that she sold the spoons to.
Q. What time of the day did you buy them?
Peirce. I believe it was about three o'clock, or half an hour after, in the afternoon.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have a great deal to say, but the awefulness of the place, and the crime that I am charged with, and the horrors of the place I came from, amazes me a great deal; the crime especially, is so hateful to my nature, that I have not acquainted any body belonging to me about it. It is unavoidable troubles and losses, that has occasioned it. Please to let this paper be read. [It is delivered in, and read, to this purport.]
"My Lord,
"As a woman unused to speak, and more
"especially on an occasion such as this, I take
"the liberty of addressing my judges in writing.
"Not by way of defence, for from thence I
"have but little hopes, but from their humanity
"I expect much. I would thus beg permission
"to state my case, which is peculiarly unhappy.
"I am myself a widow. I have a mother, an
"aged, helpless mother, who is also a widow,
"and a daughter nearly as helpless as she is,
"to provide for. I was genteely born and
"educated; so was my mother; she through
"age is incapable of providing for herself; I
"and my daughter are incapable of procuring
"a livelihood in a laborious manner. I have
"by various means endeavoured to acquire a
"support in an honest manner, agreeable to my
"abilities, for myself, and for them, who are " solely dependant on me. My endeavours have " proved ineffectual, my distress was inexpressible;
"an aged mother, and an helpless, fatherless
"infant, dependant on me, and in
"danger of starving through want of the
"common necessaries of life, induced me to act
"in a manner unbecoming my birth and education.
"As it was distress alone, and not vicious
"inclinations, that forced me to pursue those
"measures, which I sincerely repent of; so, I
"hope, the humanity of my judges will stand
"between me and that condign punishment I
"have unhappily, too justly merited."




               Guilty 39 s.
            

243. (M) She was a second time indicted, by the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Harrison 
               



            , otherwise Johnson, otherwise Williamson, widow, for 


               stealing one mahogany tea-chest, two tin-cannisters, and one sugar cannister, value 1 l. 1 s. ten ounces of tea, value 10 s. six China-plates, value 5 s. 6 d. two China pint-basons, value 3 s. and one China sugar-dish and cover, value 1 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Methuen 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said William
            , July 16

.


                  William 
                  Methuen 
               



            . I live in New-court, Carey-street



, in the parish of St. Clement's-danes; the prisoner came to me divers times, under pretence that she was recommended to me to sell an annuity for her mother's life; she came very frequently, but never would give me any satisfactory evidence or proof, that her mother had any such annuity to sell; nor would she ever let me see her mother; and it was impossible I could treat with her for an annuity without that. Thus by this means she got admittance into my dining-room, and drawed enough out of Mrs. Methuen, of me and my affairs, to give so particular an account to my servant in our absence, as to get admittance in that dining-room in our absence. All I know of the present affair is, to swear to the goods found upon her, that they are my property. I was in the Isle of Wight at the time. [The goods produced in court.] These are my property; the china I bought myself.
Q. Can you swear to the tea?
Methuen. I think I can safely; the key of the tea chest was, at the time of taking it, in my custody; it is an extream good lock, and a very difficult matter to open it It was locked when taken from her, and I found it locked; Mr. Fielding tried by several keys to get it open, and could not. The cabinet-maker told me, the lock is worth the price of some chests. It was found in the custody of the constable, who will give an account of it. I had put the tea into into the cannister myself about a month before it was taken away. I went to enquire the prisoner's character, (as her account of herself was as the contents of the paper read in the other trial) hoping she was an object of charity; I found the mother was dead, and her daughter I saw, but not as she represents.


                  Hannah 
                  Wordsworth 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor: in July last, the prisoner came to my master's house and rang at the bell: I was alone in the house; I went to the door. She asked if my master was at home. I said he was not; she asked when I expected him: I said I did not know; he was then in the Isle of Wight. She said she was very sorry he was from home: she said, she had been an acquaintance of Mrs. Methuen's this 20 years; she had walked from the Tower, on purpose to see her, and was very ill, and did not like to ride thro' the streets. I asked her to walk into the gentlemen's office; she did not chuse it; then I said, please to walk into the dining-room. I went with her into my mistress's room, and then into the dining-room. She asked me, if my master was recovered (he having had a sit of illness.) I said he was: she said you are not the maid that was here when I was here before, I will not detain you from your business: she told me a great deal about my master's family: she said, she would rest herself a little, and then go home again. She was very well dressed, and behaved extreamly well then. As soon as I went down stairs, my own heart checked me; thinks I, if you are not a stranger to my master, you are to me. I went, and stood near the stair-foot, and thought I heard the china rattle: I believe I stood and listened 10 minutes in such confusion, I did not know what to do: at last, the bell rang at the door, I went and opened the door; it was a poor woman that cleans my master's shoes. She observed me to tremble very much, and asked what was the matter. I told her, I had a stranger up stairs, that says she was acquainted with master and mistress, and I am frightned, fearing she should be a cheat. I desired her to sit in the gentlemen's office; then I went up, and saw her with both her hands under her petticoats, and they seemed to be of a greater bulk than before. I trembled so, that I could not lay hands upon her. Said she, give my service to Mr. and Mrs. Methuen, and tell them my name is Hescote, and I come from the Bath, and I should have been glad to have seen Mrs. Methuen, and should be very glad to hear from her. I was so affrighted, I had not courage to lay hold on her. The moment she was gone out at the kitchen-door, I ran up stairs into the dining-room; upon missing the china-plates, I ran down again to the old woman, and begged of her to stay in the house, while I ran to get somebody to take her, saying she was a thief, and had stole some plates. I happened to take the right way, and ran and got sight of her going down the Butcher-row: she turned, and saw me follow her; she went up a passage, I was soon after her, she was setting down my master's tea-chest, I went, and took it up with one hand, and took hold on her with the other, and told her she was my prisoner, for she had stole my master's goods. She made some resistance, I called the people; many came round her, but no body laid hands on her but myself. I drove her home, where I got her into the kitchen, and the old woman had got together some of my neighbours. I desired the prisoner to give me my master's goods; then she let me untie the china from her petticoats. She had got them in her handkerchief, tied to her petticoats; then I asked her, to let me feel in her pockets, and in them I found the china bosons and things. She wanted me to let her go, and said, if I would, she would make me a handsome present. I carried her before justice Fielding; there she confessed the robbery, and said, the D - I tempted her. The goods were produced there, the same that are now here. The tea-chest was locked, and I delivered it so to the constable.
Q. Where were the things taken from?
H. Wordsworth. They were in the dining-room when I let the woman in.


                  William 
                  Bentley 
               



            . I am constable: the prisoner delivered these things here produced to me in Mr. Methuen's house. The tea-chest was locked, and we could not unlock it at Mr. Fielding's.
Q. Where was it first opened?
Bentley. It was first opened at my house. Mr. Methuen opened it, to weigh the tea, about a week ago; there were 10 ounces of it: the prisoner owned before justice Fielding that she had taken these things from out of Mr. Methuen's house, and said the D - l bewitched her, and she had an antient mother to maintain, and she thought to get a few shillings.


                  Thomas 
                  Hudson 
               



            . I hppened to be going by the prosecutor's door, the old wman was siting at the door; she said Mr. Methuen's maid had had a thief there, and said she is ran that way. Said I, if I run too, I do not know the woman, but I will take care of the door. Presently the servant came, leading a woman, and had a tea-chest in her hand.
Q. When was this?
Hudson. This was on the 16th of July. As soon as she saw me, she said, Mr. Hudson, I am glad to see you; I have got the tea-chest, but she has robbed me of the plates; I took hold of the tea-chest, and she and I put our hands upon her, and heard the plates rattle. She took the plates from her by untying them; they were tied some how under her petticoats: she gave them to me. The mob began to come upon her, this was at the door. Said I, we will go in: we went in, and I saw the two china cups taken from her pockets: after we went in, she begged we would let her go, and said the D - I bewitched her to do those things. We said it was not in our power; a constable was sent for, we took her to justice Fielding; there she said she was very sorry for it, and the D - I bewitched her to do it.
Prisoner. I do not remember any cups.
Hudson. They were cups or pint-basons, I saw also a sugar-dish taken from her pocket.
Prisoner's Defence.
My Lord, I cannot justify it, I abhor it. I was led into it by distraction and necessity, one after another: I did not expect my prosecutor would have represented the affair in the light he has; for about a year and half ago, I went to him to get him to advance a sum of money on an annuity; he kept me in suspence about six months: he never desired to see my mother, and said there was no occasion for it, till the money, was in his hands. I have fell into such a change of life; my mother is living, to my great sorrow, sick in bed, and dying with grief; as to my daughter, she is as helpless as a child of six years old. We always lived in fashion till a wretched affair of law, an unavoidable accident happened, Was you truly to to trace my case, you would commiserate my misfortunes, for my soul abhors it; my grief is more than I can express.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


