







4, 5, 6. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Carney 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Branch 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Gray 
                  



                
            , spinsters


, were indicted for 


               stealing one canvas purse, value 1 d. and 11 s. and 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Badcock 
                  




                
            , Nov 11
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Badcock 
               



            . I am a miller
, I live at Rotherhithe, at the King's Mill; last Tuesday was a month I was going home, betwixt eleven and twelve at night, from Ratcliff highroad; I went in to drink at Ratcliff-highway


; going home, a man was sitting on a bench; he said he would row me over if I would give him a dram; there were the three prisoners; I gave them a dram each, at the sign of the Ship: then they had me down an alley, which they said was the nearest way to the water side; then one girl laid hold of my shoulders, and one on one leg, and the other the other; the man laid hold of one of my legs also, and the prisoner, Gray, pulled my purse out of my right-hand breeches pocket, and Carney took the purse and ran away with it; then they all went off, and left me in the house.
Q. How came you in the house?
Badcock. They dragged me into a house, and into a room on the left hand side.
Q. Had you any liquor there?
Badcock. No.
Q. What money had you in your purse?
Badcock. I had 11 s. 4 d.
Q. Was you sober?
Badcock. I was quite sober.
Q. Had you been drinking that afternoon?
Badcock. Yes, we had but three pints betwixt three of us; I went and got a constable, and went and laid hold of Gray; then the other two prisoners came up and struck me; then the constable laid hold of one of them, the other got off; we got them to the watch house, and then the constable went out and took the other; the constable searched them, and found 7 s. 2 d. and two farthings upon them; I lost two farthings, one a plain one, the other a remarkable one; them found upon them were such; I had been eating some cheese, and some stuck to two of the shillings; and two of the shillings found upon Carney, had cheese stuck to them.


                  Joshua 
                  Dun 
               



            . I am headborough; going my rounds, I got in, and sat down in the watch-house; the miller came, and said he had been robbed; he showed me the house; (a very bad house) there was no body in the house; I heard the voice of a woman in the street; the miller said that was one of them; we went and he took Gray: after that, I took the other two, and upon Carney I found 7 s. 2 d. and two farthings; I persuaded the man to make it up; we took them down to the lower watch-house; they wanted to make it up, the miller would not; ( the money produced in court.) The prosecutor swore to them all; he described the man, but I cannot meet with him.
Q. to Badcock. Did you sit down in a chair?
Badcock. They dragged me into a chair.
Carney's defence.
He and a watchman desired us to shew them to a public house; we shewed them a house, and they gave me some gin each, and after that they charged us with robbing the man.
The other two prisoners said the same.
Q. to Dun. Was the miller sober or fuddled?
Dun. He was very sober, he is a very honest man, he has a wife and children.
All 

               Guilty
            . 




               T
            .
Gray was tried by the name of E. Wall, for the wilful murder of Mr. Smith, a clerk at the Bank, see No l484 in Sir W. Stephenson's Mayorality; and No 65 in the late Mr. Alderman Nelson's, where she was evidence.
