





40. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hanlow 
                  , otherwise 
Handle




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one thickset coat, value 30 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Soaper 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Burton 
                        Cadwalider 
                     



, Nov. 17
. *
William Soaper. I live at Welton, near Darkin, in Kent; I lodged four nights in the house of 
               
                  Burton 
                  Cadwalider 
               



            , in Carey-street


, three weeks ago yesterday; I had the things in a bundle mentioned in the indictment; I laid them down on the table, about three o'clock in the day, in Mr. Cadwalider's house, while I went to pay for my lodging, and when I returned again to my bundle, in about five or six minutes time, my bundle was gone.
Q. Was any body in that room at the time?

Soaper. There was the prisoner and two or three more men there.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Soaper. I never saw him before, to my knowledge. When I missed the things, I enquired of the people of the house; the prisoner was then in the room: Somebody said he had the things: I went and took him by the collar, and shook him, and said, You dog, you have got my bundle; he stooped down, and dropped the bundle down behind him: he got out at the door, and ran away, while I was stooping for it; I pursued him, and took him, in about 30 or 40 yards running; as he ran he drew his knife, and opened it, carrying it with the point behind him; but he did not strike me with it; he had a companion there with him; he ran away also.


                  John 
                  Field 
               



            . I live with Mr. Cole, at Hampstead. On the 17th of Nov. I went into that house, to see for my master. I heard the prosecutor enquire for a bundle as we were in the tap-room by the bar; there was the prisoner and one Buckeridge; the prosecutor was a little in liquor: I saw the prisoner had the bundle behind him, under his great coat, the coat stood out; I said, I believed that man has got it, pointing to the prisoner. I went behind him; there was then nothing lying on the ground. The prisoner said, I got it, I have not got it, and made a sort of hobble in his speech; he went back, and stooped down, and dropped it; after Soaper took him by the collar, the prisoner paid for a glass of rum or brandy, and went out at the door; and ran down Bell-yard.
Q. How soon did he run away after the bundle was taken up?
Field. It was in the space of a minute or two after; we followed him; he ran with a naked knife in his hand, with a picked point to it; he put it to his side and shut it, before we took him: a man came and took it out of his hand. The prisoner's companion got out of the house, and ran away as fast as he could; there was Mr. Buckridge there at the time: he is not here.


                  John 
                  Rainbow 
               



            . On the 17th of last month, about half an hour after 4 o'clock, going up Bell-yard, I met the prisoner, and just after him, the prosecutor and Field. Seeing the prosecutor in liquor, finding he had been robb'd, I laid hold of the prisoner; the prosecutor said the prisoner had a knife in his hand; I took and turned up his hand, and took it from him; we took him to the publick-house, and from thence to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fieldings 
               



            : I asked him what he did with that knife in his hand? he said he had it to cut his nails.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met these men, in the street, both drunk. I was looking at a stranger in the street, then I went into a house and got a glass of rum at the bar; the man came out crying and swearing, and asked for his bundle; there were four or five people in the room; he looked at me, and Field said he saw me drop the bundle. I had a bit of cheese; I took it out, and was eating it, with my knife in my hand; I went out at the door and walked very softly; he came up to me as I was just shuting my knife: they took hold of me, and had me before the justice.




               Guilty. 39 s.
            



               T
            .
