





128. (M) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Snell 
                  , otherwise 
Dick Rice




            , was indicted for 


               stealing six yards of duffel, value 20 s. two yards of Manchester velvet, value 12 s. and five yards of fustian
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cameron 
                  




                
            , April 10
 +.


                  James 
                  Cameron 
               



            . I live in Holywell-street, St. Clements


: I am a taylor
, and deal in remnants of cloth. On Saturday was se'ennight I went up stairs, and coming down again, I saw some goods tumbled about: I asked my maid if any body had been there? She said, no. I missed a piece of blue duffil. I went to the door, and a neighbour of mine, named Isabella Bullock, told me she saw 
               
                  Dick 
                  Rice 
               



             go in, but did not see him come out; and another neighbour said, she saw a man go by with a parcel of blue stuff under his arm. The prisoner lodged at a cook's shop in Swan-alley. I went to his lodgings on the Monday morning, and there found three yards of blue huffily. I lost six yards; and two yards of Manchester velvet, and five yards of fustian. I found him at the Thistle and Crown, an alehouse in Russel-court. I charged him with stealing some duffil out of my shop that same day. The landlord said, he had courted him four or five days to have a remnant of Manchester velvet, which he said was in pawn. I said, I had lost a piece torn at the end. When I saw it, I found it was my property. The remnant of the other duffil I found at a pawnbroker's. I found the fustian at a piece-broker's shop, named Reynolds, in White-horse-yard.
He was confirmed in his evidence by 
               
                  Rachel 
                  Reynolds 
               



             the pawnbroker, and 
               
                  John 
                  Jackson 
               



            , and 
               
                  Leonard 
                  Holyday 
               



            , who had at the prisoner's request redeemed, one a piece of Manchester velvet, the other a piece of fustian. [The goods produced in court, and deposed to].
Prisoner's Defence.
I met one 
               
                  John 
                  Hughes 
               



            , who came from Portsmouth, in Covent garden. He said, he had been among some whores all night, and spent all his money, and wanted me to pawn these things for him. I carried them to Mrs. Reynolds, and pawned them for 14 s. He gave me some beer; and I gave him the money. After that, he came and brought me some fustian, which I pawned for him. After that, he went for a soldier, and said, if I would fetch these things out of pawn, I might have them for myself.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
