





387. (M.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of 
                     
                        James 
                        Dalton 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing three gold rings, value 20 s. two pair of gold ear-rings, value 8 s. a breast stone shirt-buckle, a paste shirt-buckle set in silver, and two garnet shirt-buckles, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Christian Daniel 
                           Henerickson 
                        




                     
                  , privately in the shop of the said Henerickson
            , July 14
. +


                  Anne 
                  Henerickson 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; we live in Hemmings's-row in St. Martin's


 parish, we keep a silversmith's shop
; I was up stairs on Tuesday the 14th of July instant, in the afternoon, between six and seven o'clock; my maid called up to me, and said the shop was robbed; I came down, the maid ran into the street; the woman at the bar was brought in; she took two breast-buckles out of her pocket; we found two gold rings in the shop, just by the place where she stood; we think she must have dropped them; she begged pardon, and promised to pay the money for the others we had not found, at so much a week; there was a gentleman picked up one gold ring in the street, which was brought us.


                  Anne 
                  Wheeler 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor, I had been up stairs; I found the shop door open, and the press-door open in which these things were kept; I saw things lying about; I saw part of a woman's black gown going out at the street-door; I called to my mistress that the shop had been robbed, and ran to the next door, a cook's shop, and asked if they saw a woman in a black gown; the woman of the house said, yes, here is one; there was the prisoner; I picked up a pair of gold wires at the door, and another in the house, within a yard of the prisoner; I said, you are a wicked woman, you have robbed my master's shop; I desired her to come back to the shop; she came back; my mistress said to her, you wicked wretch, you have robbed my shop; the prisoner said, I am a wicked wretch, and I have done it; she was willing to be searched, and begged my mistress would forgive her, and said she would pay so much a week for what was not found; all was then found but one ring, and that was found afterwards; I saw the prisoner take two breast-buckles out of her pocket, and deliver them.
Mary Hall. I keep an eating-house, the prisoner came into my shop; she having a child in her arms, and seemed a poor person, I went to serve her, according to her desire, with two pennyworth of cold meat; presently Anne Wheeler came in, and asked for a woman in a black gown; I said, here is one, (meaning the prisoner;) she said to the prisoner, you wicked woman, you have robbed our shop; what I! said the prisoner; she got up; she was taken back to the prosecutor's house; there was a gentleman going along in the street picked up a gold ring, and a person told him it was stolen, and he delivered it; and just at the coming in at my door, there was a breast-buckle dropped from her; she took two from her pocket, and delivered back.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going that way, a mob was there; I went into the cook's shop for two pennyworth of cold meat; I had been out all day selling cauliflowers; the maid came in, and asked for a woman in a black gown; I said, I have a black gown on; said she, you have robbed our shop; I said no, I never robbed it; I pulled every thing out of my pocket; they asked me if I had any thing; I said I had nothing; they searched me; I had no more than them that I picked up.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
