





304. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two quartern loaves, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Rutherford 
                  




                
            , May 16
. *


                  James 
                  Rutherford 
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Cannon street. On the 16th of May, my apprentice 
               
                  Charles 
                  Steward 
               



            , brought the prisoner to my house, and said he had stolen two quartern loaves out of his basket; the prisoner had the two loaves, and he delivered them into my hands; he confessed he had taken them, and offered to pay me for them if I would let him go, and took out of his pocket two or three shillings.


                  Charles 
                  Steward 
               



             On Saturday the 16th of May, I was serving my customers, as usual; I pitched my basket in Lawrence Poultney-lane


, about two o'clock, and went to deliver two threepenny loaves, not out of fight of my basket; I saw the prisoner take two quartern loaves out of my basket; he put them under his arm and ran away with them, and I ran after him, and overtook him in Birchin-lane; I took hold of his arm, and desired him to come and put the bread where he had taken it from; he seemed very much surprized, and said he was going to serve his customers; I desired him again to come and put the bread where he found it; he took some silver out of his pocket, and offered to pay for the loaves, and asked how much they came to; I refused the money, and said, I did not want to be paid; then he offered me the bread again, and I refused it; there were two young men who made him bring them along with me to my master's house.
Q What money did he produce?
Steward. He pulled out two or three shillings, and a sixpence or two; my master charged a constable with him, and took him before my Lord-Mayor.
Prisoner's defence.
I had been ailing a long time of the ague and fever, and I took two loaves out of the basket; I was almost starving, and the prosecutor was so good to give me one of the loaves.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you give the prisoner any bread?
Prosecutor. I did, after he was committed; he asked me for one, and I gave him one. I should not have given the Court this trouble, only within about six weeks I have lost twenty-two quartern loaves.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him an evidence against 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Lare 
               



            , No 179, in this Mayoralty, for stealing four quartern loaves.
