





44. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Solomon 
                     Isaac 
                  , otherwise 
Solomon Solomon




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 10 s. and a silk cloak, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Solomon 
                     Jacob 
                  




                
            , October 24
. ++


                  Judith 
                  Jacob 
               



            . I am wife to Solomon. On the 24th of October, I fetched a blue and white copper-plate printed gown to have a draggled-tail washed out, and laid it on a chair in the parlour, by a silk cloak: I heard a noise about half an hour after, as I sat in the kitchen; I jumped up, went out, saw nothing, came in again, and missed my cloak and gown: about ten or twelve days after, upon enquiring about, I was informed by a pawnbroker, at the corner of Goodman's-yard, in the Minories, that a sort of a shagrag fellow had brought such a sort of a gown to pawn, and he would not take it in, and that this shagrag fellow said he would carry it to the Jews in Duke's-place: so I went, and enquired about , and found it had been offered to pawn by one Solomon, that keeps a creature in Long-alley; the prisoner, I mean: I went to the place in Long-alley, into a garret, where I found my cloak; then I went and got the prisoner taken, and he told me where my gown was pawned in Petticoat-lane, where I found it. (The goods produced and deposed to).


                  John 
                  Glenn 
               



            , the pawnbroker, deposed, he took the gown in of the prisoner, on the second of November.
Prisoner's Defence.
This woman bears so bad a character among our Jews, that nobody will believe her. I sold the cloak to Mrs. Huckerson, and it may be her cloak, for what I know, but I bought it honestly. I had five or six characters here, but they all went home to make a sabbath.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
