






56, 57. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Crow 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cane 
                  , otherwise 
Wane




            , were indicted for 


               stealing one copper dog's collar, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Watkins 
                  




                
            , Dec. 9
. +


                  Samuel 
                  Watkins 
               



            . I am a butcher
; last Wednesday in the afternoon, between four and five o'clock, a young woman came, and said, she saw two men logging my dog away by the collar (producing a large copper collar with a lock upon it;) this is the collar; my son went, and pursued and took them; they were the two prisoners, and by the assistance of others brought them to my door; they had not taken it off the dog; we searched them, and in Crow's pocket was found these couples (producing a chain to couple two dogs together.)


                  Jane 
                  Jelse 
               



            . I was at a parlour window between four and five o'clock, and saw the two prisoners hawling the dog down the street; I called to them, and said, what are you going to do with the dog; Crow lugged him away the faster; then I sent a person up to Mr. Watkins, to let him know (I find they changed names, for that was Cane, he called himself Crow at Sir John Fielding's)


                  Samuel 
                  Watkins 
               



             the younger. We generally put the dogs up on the desk of the evening; I came home, and bolted them into the shop; I had not been gone to my father above two minutes, but the young woman came and called in a very loud manner, there are two men gone with your dog down Pennington-street; I followed them as fast as possible, and came up to them on the farther side of the field; Cane seeing me coming sat down; I laid hold of his collar, and called two men from the brick-field to my assistance; the prisoners were together, and the dog with them, but neither of them had hold of the dog when I got there; I called him, he came to me immediately; we brought the prisoners to our house, I found the shop-door open when the girl called, and nobody had been there except the prisoners.
Prosecutor. Crow deals in dogs; mine was betwixt a massiff and a Dane, he weighs 16 stone 3 pounds.
The prisoner in their defence said, they did not touch the dog; Crow said he was a butcher, and Cane said he was a gold-beater, and that he had that couple to put on his own dog at home.
Cane called 
               
                  John 
                  Margan 
               



            , Edward Harman, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Smith 
               



            , and Richard his brother, who gave him a good character.
 Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
