





381. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Law 
                  , otherwise 
Low




            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the stable of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Ethrington 
                        




                      
                   on the 4th of May
, about the hour of twelve in the night, and stealing three saddles, value 20 s. and one bridle, value 1 s. in the stable of the said Joseph
            . *


                  Joseph 
                  Ethrington 
               



            . I keep the Black Dog
 at Highgate


. On the 3d of May, at night, my stable was broke open, and I lost three saddles and a bridle. I advertised them, and found part of them at Mr. Kilingly's in Coleman-street. These were a pair of stirrup irons, and a plated bridle. He said he thought he could find the man he bought them of. He found him in about a week after, and then he sent for me.
Mr. Kilingly. I am a sadler. I bought the stirrup irons and bridle of the prisoner at the bar. I gave him twelve shillings for them and a saddle cloth. I asked him how he came by them, he said, Honestly, and, if any body disputed it, he was to be found at Mr. King's, a horse dealer in Smithfield. He said his name was 
               
                  John 
                  Low 
               



            . By enquiring there, I found where he lodged, and I went and took him; but I found he had kept out of the way. We took him before Justice Girdler, and there he acknowledged he sold the things to me.
Prisoner's Defence.
One 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Goodman 
               



             brought the things to me in a sack: he said there was an ass near the pound, or in the pound at Islington; that he took that ass and rode all the way to the turnpike, and then he turned the ass up.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
