





161. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Maccall 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for that 


               she, on the 5th of March
, about the hour of four in the afternoon, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Aldridge 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, did break and enter, no person being therein, and two linen gowns, value 32 s. seven yards of camlet, one black callimanco petticoat, one black sattin petticoat, one other black petticoat, two yards of red baize, one cheque linen apron, one dowlas shift, a pair of stays, a pair of ruffles, a ghenting apron, and other things, the goods of the said Sarah, in the said dwelling house, did steal, take, and carry away
            .


                  Sarah 
                  Aldridge 
               



            . I received this letter (producing one) from the prisoner at the bar.
Q. How do you know she sent it?
S. Aldridge. I have shewed it to her since, and she owned she sent it.
It is read to this purport:
"Come directly to Mrs. Williamson, your sister,
"in Hog Lane; she is very bad, come directly
"to her." Directed to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Aldridge 
               



            , Green Dragon Yard, Whitechapel.
S. Aldridge. I went, and while I was gone my door was broke open.
Q. Have you a whole house?
S. Aldridge. My house is over some stables, and there is nobody over nor under me; the door, after I am up, opens into my two rooms upon a floor; there is nobody lives there but me.
Q. Did you lock the door at going out?
S. Aldridge. I did.
Q. What time did you go out?
S. Aldridge. I went out a little after three in the afternoon, and returned about half an hour after seven at night; this was on the 5th of March. When I came back I found the staple drawn out, and I missed two linen gowns, seven yards of camlet, a black callimanco petticoat, a black stuff petticoat, two yards of nankeen, a cheque linen apron, a dowlas shift, a pair of stays, a pair of ruffles, a white ghenting apron, a pair of worsted gloves, a glove knot, eighteen caps, two white linen handkerchiefs, a purple and white ribband, a pair of dowlas shift sleeves, and a silk and cambrick handkerchief, all from out of my room.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
S. Aldridge. No, I had no knowledge of her. I went and took up the woman on suspicion that brought the note, and took her before justice Berry; She told me it was the prisoner at the bar that sent her. Then I went by her direction, took up the prisoner, and carried her before the justice, where she was examined, and she confessed the thing. It was taken in writing, and signed by her. I saw her and the justice sign it.
Q. Did she sign it free and voluntarily?
S. Aldridge. She did.
[It was read in court, dated March 12, 1760, wherein it appeared she acknowledged the fact clearly and fully.]
Q. Did you get any of your goods again?
S. Aldridge. I got some of them again by her direction, and some were sold.


                  Sarah 
                  Aldridge 
               



            , spinster. The last witness is my mother, and I live in the same house with her. On the 5th of March my two sisters and I came home before my mother, and saw the door about a quarter open, with the staple of the lock pull'd out, and laying some distance from the door. All the goods mentioned were in the house when we went out to work, and they were gone at our return, at seven at night.


                  Mary 
                  Aldridge 
               



            . I am daughter to the prosecutrix. I heard the prisoner confess the taking of the things mentioned in the indictment, and we found part of them by her direction; some at 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Collings 
               



            's, in Field Lane, a sale shop, some at Mr. Day's, a pawnbroker, near St. Andrew's Church, and some at Mr. Wybourn's, in Fleet Street.


                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I am a city constable. On the 19th of March we had two warrants, as part of Mrs Collings's house is in the city, and part out of the city. We found there two linen gowns; at Mr. Wybourn's, in Fleet Street, we found seven yards of Scotch camlet; at Mr. Day's, in Holbourn, a pair of stays, an handkerchief, a petticoat, an apron, and a pair of ruffles. These we found by the direction of the prisoner. (Produced in court.)


                  Richard 
                  Crouchman 
               



            . I am headborough of Whitechapel, and had a warrant granted by justice Berry on the 12th of March last. I took the prisoner before him, and she made the voluntary confession which has been read.

[
               
                  Thomas 
                  Packer 
               



            , servant to Mr. Weybourne, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Collings 
               



            , and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Day 
               



            , deposed to the taking in the things mentioned; they could not depose to the prisoner's person, but that they were pawn'd in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Rumbolt 
               



            .]
Prosecutrix. These things are all my property; some of them are my two daughters wearing apparel, but I bought them all, and consider myself as owner of them all.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the robbery. As to the confession they talk of, they bid me sign a paper, but I knew nothing at all of what it was; I never owned it. I wanted to see whether they could swear to me or not; I never was taken up at all.
Prosecutrix. Her sister and my kinswoman brought her to me, her sister having heard of the robbery, and of my saying I believed she was the person that rob'd me.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Allen 
               



            . I am sister to the prisoner at the bar. There were three women came to me at Tottenham High Cross, who asked me if my sister was at my house, and told me of the robbery; so I and another woman went with her to the prosecutrix's house. She was willing to go with us.




               Guilty of felony only, 4 s. 10 d
            .
See her tried for sending a letter to Mr. Briscoe, with intent to extort money from him, No. 68, in this mayoralty.




[Transportation. See summary.]


