





176. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Elgar 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk purse, value twelve pence, four guineas, one half guinea, and one piece of foreign silver coin, called a Spanish dollar, value four shillings and sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Keene 
                  




                
            , spinster
 ||.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Keene 
               



            . On the 11th of last June
 I was in Cornhill


. A woman picked my pocket of a purse with the several pieces of money mentioned in the indictment. I took hold of her, and called for assistance; on which she gave my purse into the hand of the prisoner, who, as I called out, ran away with it. Mr. Bidicey, who was standing at his shop door, came out and pursued him: he took and brought him back to his shop. I believe he was searched, but nothing found upon him. I have never got my money again. The prisoner attempted to push me down at the time the woman was at my pocket.
Mr. Bidicey This lady called to me, and said she had had her pocket picked. I offered to lay hold of the woman which she had hold of. She said, this woman has delivered it to that man [pointing to the prisoner]. He directly ran away, and I after him. He made down Pope's-Head Alley, and Swithen's-Lane, down Lombard Street, round St. Mary Woolnoth's Church. I took him in a blind alley that leads into Sherborne-Lane. He was never out of my sight, but just as he turned the corners. I told him he must go back with me. He was a good deal frighted. There were several people pursued him as well as myself. I brought him back to the prosecutrix. He was searched, but nothing thing found upon him that she could own. We found about seven guineas, and a bank note of ten pounds.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the matter.
For the Prisoner.


                  Peter 
                  Dawson 
               



            . I have known the prisoner two years and upwards.
Q. What is he?
Dawson. He is an officer in the Marshal's Court. He has done business for me. I never knew him to do any thing bad in my days. He is a man that goes to horse races, and is a dealer in horses. I suppose he is a sporting man.
Q. What are you?
Dawson. I am a salesman in Monmouth-Street. I have made him cloaths.
Q. Did you ever supply him with laced cloaths to go to these places?
Dawson. No, never.
Caleb Dawson. The prisoner has had things of me and my brother: he always paid very honestly.


                  Thomas 
                  Wooley 
               



            . I have known him four years. He is a very honest man. I keep livery stables. I have bought horses of him. I have had three or four horses to him at a time.


                  James 
                  Murray 
               



            . I have known him between three and four years. I never heard but that he was a very honest man. Always industrious as far as I know I used to shoe and farrier his horses for him.
Q. Where did he live?
Murray. He did lodge in Gray's Inn-Lane.


                  William 
                  Hogen 
               



            . I have known him upwards of two or three years. He bore always a good character. He had three horses stood with me upwards of three or four months.
Q. Where do you live?
Hogen. I keep the Horse and Groom in Gray's-Inn-Lane.
Q. Did he use to let these horses out.
Hogen. Not as I know of.
Q. What use did he put them to?
Hogen. He never sold one while they were with me.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


