





283. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Steel 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two serge sailors jackets value 2 s. and one pair of breeches, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Tough 
                  




                
            , March 19
. *


                  George 
                  Tough 
               



            . I belong to the Sally, Capt. Goodwin; about a fortnight or three weeks ago I lost two jackets and a pair of breeches; after that I met the prisoner coming out of another vessel with an armful of things; I took him, and then charged him with taking my things; he owned he had taken them, and had sold them to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Lovell 
               



            ; I went with the officer to her house, and there I found them.


                  Mary 
                  Lovell 
               



            . I keep a clothes-shop by the New-road turnpike, in the Back-lane, by St. George's in the East; the prisoner brought me four old jackets and a pair of old breeches, last Saturday was three weeks, and I bought them of him; (the clothes laid in the indictment produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
I had been of an errand to Thames-street; coming back, I met the young man; I said, George, what vessel do you belong to; he told me; after that I met 
               
                  John 
                  Joiner 
               



            , he had these things, he desired me to sell them for him; I went to this woman, and sold them for 6 s. he told me to get 5 s. I went to see an old ship-mate of mine, and met the prosecutor; he asked me where I was going with them things; he threw me down, and took me before the bench of Justices; there I told them I had carried such things, and sold them for a man; I am innocent of robbing any body as the child unborn; when I am at home I live at Harwich.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
