






570. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Bush 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Cornelius 
                     Slavin 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing two silver salvers, value 10 l. six silver table spoons, value 4 l. two silver marrow spoons, value 10 s. ten silver soup-spoons, value 3 l. one silver punch-ladle bowl, value 5 s. one pair of Pinchbeck metal buckles, value 5 s. and two silk handkerchiefs, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jeremiah 
                           Morgan 
                        



                      
                  , Esq
; in the dwelling house of the said Jeremiah
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the place well knowing it to have been stolen
            , July 31

. ++



                  Jeremiah 
                  Morgan 
               



            , Esq; I live in Benton-street near Cavendish square



. On Monday the 1st of August my servant came up to my bed-chamber, and told me my house was robbed; I immediately got out of bed and went down stairs; I missed these articles mentioned in the indictment, all but the handkerchiefs and buckies; the spoons had my crest upon them, the other silver had my arms on them without my crest; they were taken from the side-board in the parlour; I immediately asked my servant how I could be robbed; she said she believed I was robbed about four in the afternoon, the day before; I believe the thief came over your garder-wall, and in at the dining room window; said I, what makes you think they came there; said she, the glass that was against the window I found on the floor; I said, where was I then; said she, you was then walking in the garden, but she said she then thought it was a dog came in; I took out a warrant on suspicion, and had her to Tothil-fields Bridewell; upon putting on my shoes I missed my buckles; I recollected I had put my buckles on the side-board on the Saturday night; when she gave up the charge of the linen, there were two handkerchiefs missing; I was soon told the thieves were found out, which to the best of my memory were brought before the Justice that day, that is Bush and Crookhall the evidence; there they both confessed the robbery, and mentioned the other prisoner as the receiver of the plate.
Court. Give an account what Bush said.
Morgan. When Bush had told of the robbery we did say he should be admitted evidence, but as the other boy sold the plate to the receiver, it was judged best to admit him.
Q. When did you first see Slavin?
Morgan. I never saw him till before the Justice.


                  Thomas 
                  Crookhall 
               



            . I was along with Bush at the time this house was robbed; there were only he and I, it was on the 31st of July on a Sunday, about four in the afternoon; I sent Bush to Capt. Morgan's to ask if he wanted a servant (that was to see whether he was at home,) there was a person did live servant there, that had a brother that used to go out a thieving, and he told me the way to get into the house.
Q. How long had Bush and you been acquainted before you robbed this house?
Crookhall. I ran away from my father and mother, and he ran away from his master; we had been together about three days before we did this; I told him of this place, and sent him to knock at the fore door: the maid looked out at a two pair of stairs window, and told him the Captain was gone out, and would not be at home till night, and he might call again in the morning about nine; we went round to the back of the house, and over two walls; I lifted up a little window, there was a glass stood against it; I took hold of that, fearing it should make a noise and disturb the people, and laid it down, and got in at the window; Bush was leaning over the wall belonging to Capt. Morgan's house; I got into a room, it was a sort of a kitchen where dirty linen lay; then I went up into a one pair of stairs room and opened the parlour door, and took out two waiters, six tablespoons, two marrow-spoons, a head of a punch-ladle, and a large soup-spoon; out of the next room I took a pair of metal buckles, coming down stairs I took two silk handkerchiefs; I came out and wrapped the two waiters in them, and handed them over the wall to Bush, and the other things: then we went to Slavin's house in Rosemary-lane; I sold the two waiters to him for two guineas, and the spoons for two guineas and 5 s. 3 d. I sold the buckles to a man the Monday following for 18 d. near Temple-bar; one of the handkerchiefs I kept myself, that I lost, and the other Bush had, that he gave away.
Q. How much of the money had Bush?
Crookhall. I gave him a guinea, he did not require any more.
Q. How came you to go to Slavin's?
Crookhall. I had been at his house before.
Q. What is he?
Crookhall. He is a shoe-maker, and keeps a sort of a shop, and sells handkerchiefs; I sold all the plate to him.
Q. What time did you get to his house?
Crookhall. We got to his house about six o'clock.
Q. Where did you go after you had been there?
Crookhall. When we came from his house we went to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear 
               



             (that is not far from his house,) then it was quite dark; I staid a good while at Slavin's, because he had not the money in his house.
Q. How old are you?
Crookhall. I am turned of seventeen years of age.
Prosecutor. There was about thirty ounces of the plate; the spoons were all table-spoons, only the handles of two of them were for marrow.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Bunn 
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Morgan; I missed the plate on that Monday morning; on the Sunday I went up to make my bed, there was a lad knocked at the door and asked if Mr. Morgan, wanted a servant; I told him it was not a proper day, but bid him come on the Monday at nine o'clock.
Q. Where was your master at that time?
E. Bunn. My master was at that time gone into the country; I told him my master was out; when the boy came into Bridewell where I was confined, I knew him again; I asked him whether he was not the boy that came and knocked at the door, and asked if Mr. Morgan wanted a servant; he said he was; then I went to the keeper and told him, and he sent for the boy, and the boy confessed that Crookhall was with him; then they went and took him.
Q. What plate was missing?
E. Bunn. There were two salvers, eight spoons, a soup-ladle, and the head of a punch-ladle; I believe my master's buckles were in the other room upon the table; the two handkerchiefs were in my master's dressing-room even with the kitchen.
Cross examination.
Q. Where was you when the boy knocked at the door?
E. Bunn. I was up in a two pair of stairs room.
Q. What time of the day was it?
E. Bunn. I believe it might be about four o'clock.
Q. Was you certain to the boy when you saw him in Bridewell?
E. Bunn. I would not then be positive to him, but I believed him to be the same.
Q. What did the boy say?
E. Bunn. He said if I would not hurt him he would confess the truth.
Q. What answer did you make him?
E. Bunn. I said I should not hurt him; then the keeper sent for him up.
Q. What did the keeper say to him?
E. Bunn. I did not hear what he said.
Q. How long did you continue in that two pair of stairs room after the boy spoke to you?
E. Bunn. After that I sat in that room some time.
Q. Did you hear any noise?
E. Bunn. No, I did not; when I saw the sash open, and there were dirt in the window, I thought the dog had jumped in.
Q. What time did you observe that?
E. Bunn. I believe I observed that about eight at night.
Q. Where did the linen lie?
E. Bunn. That lay in the kitchen on the dresser, but I believe the handkerchiefs were left in the dressing-room, they were soul handkerchiefs.


                  Alexander 
                  Glass 
               



            . I live near Temple-bar; I bought this pair of buckles of Crookhall about six weeks ago, (producing a pair of Pinchbeck shoe-buckles.)
Prosecutor. I believe these to be my buckles.
Q. to Glass. What did you give for them?
Glass. I gave 18 d. for them; two or three days after a person came with Crookhall, and asked for the buckles I bought of him; I delivered them up, and went with them to the Justice's.


                  Henry 
                  Wright 
               



            . I belong to Tothil-fields Bridewell; I apprehended Slavin on Wednesday morning the 10th of August, in his own house; Crook-hall went with us to shew us where he lived; I told him I had a warrant against him; we took him to Tothil-fields Bridewell, and then to Justice Wright; the Justice granted a warrant to search his house, we found nothing there.
Q. Did you hear Crookhall say any thing to him?
Wright. Crookhall told him he bought the plate of him that very night of the robbery about six o'clock.
Q. What did Slavin say to that?
Wright. He said he knew nothing at all of him, he always said he knew nothing of the boy; Bush said he went with Crookhall to Rag-fair and staid there, but was not with him when he sold the plate.
Q. to Crookhall. What conversation passed between you and Slavin when you sold the plate?
Crookhall. I told him I was very hungry when I went in; he brought some cold breast of mutton, and I eat a great deal of it.
Q. Who was in the house at the time?
Crookhall. There were two men there; one of them took the plate, and they went backwards and looked at it; he gave me 18 d. in brandy mixed with a little water, which he sent out for to the next door but one; he was to sell me a watch for part of the money; he advised me to break out of prison when I was there, and come to his house.
Q. When was he taken up?
Crookhall. He was taken up the day after I was; then he asked me why I did not run away when I was taken.
Q. Which side of Rosemary-lane is Slavin's house on?
Crookhall. His house is on the right-hand side going from Tower-hill.
Q. What is the sign where you had the brandy?
Crookhall. I think it is the sign of the Black Horse.

Q. Who fetched it?
Crookhall. He went himself, and a girl brought it.
Q. How big is she?
Crookhall. Much about my own size; that house is over-right the sign of a man on horseback, where is wrote on it Cornfoot.


                  Richard 
                  Cotterill 
               



            . I keep the Carlisle alehouse in Rosemary-lane, about three doors from Slavin's house; I saw Crookhall in Tothil-fields Bridewell, I serve Slavin's house.
Q. Did you serve any liquor to that house on Sunday the 31st of July?
Cotterill. I cannot tell particularly.
Q. Do you recollect serving him with some brandy?
Cotterill. Very likely one of my servants might take some there.
Q. How many servant maids had you on the 31st of July?
Cotterill. I had two.
Q. Does Slavin have large quantities of liquor at a time?
Cotterill. Not above a quartern at a time.
Q. to Crookhall. Describe the maid that brought the liquor that day.
Crookhall. She was a thick set kind of a girl with blackish hair.
Q. to Cotterill. Have you such a kind of a girl lives with you?
Cotterill. I have, her name is Nanny. (She is sent for, the court waits her coming.)


                  Anne 
                  Bailey 
               



            . I have lived servant with Mr. Cotterill about seven months.
Q. Was you in his service the latter end of July?
A. Bailey. I was.
Q. Do you know the prisoner Slavin?
A. Bailey. I do.
Q. Where does his family have their liquor?
A. Bailey. What liquor they have, they have from our house, they don't use a great deal.
Q. What sort of spirituous liquor do they generally use?
A. Bailey. They generally have gin.
Q. How much at a time?
A. Bailey. A quartern, or half a quartern at a time.
Q. Do you know this boy, (meaning Crookhall.)
A. Bailey. I never saw him to my knowledge.
Q. Did you carry liquor to Slavin's house on Sunday the 31st of July?
A. Bailey. I do not remember it.
Q. Do you remember carrying a larger quantity than a quartern?
A. Bailey. No, I do not; I don't take upon me to say I never did.
Q. Do you remember his coming for liquor, and you carrying some more?
A. Bailey. I don't remember any thing of it.
Q. Do you remember about that time your carrying liquor when there were company there?
A. Bailey. I do not remember any thing about it.
Q. to Crookhall. Do you know this young woman?
Crookhall. This is the young woman that brought in the liquor; she brought in one quartern, and after that two quarterns more; she asked Mr. Slavin to give her change for a 5 s. 3 d. piece and he could not, and I did.
Q. to Bailey. Do you remember that?
A. Bailey. No, I do not. (Note, she answered the description Crookhall had given of her.)
Bush's defence.
Crookhall gave me 5 s. I am eighteen years of age, I have known Crookhall two or three years.
To his character.


                  Anne 
                  Garlick 
               



            . I am Bush's mistress; I have known him six years; he ran away from his work, I believe he was enticed away; he behaved as well as a servant could do before.
Slavin's defence.
I can prove I was not at home the 30th of July; and the Monday following, the 1st of August, I was on board an East Indiaman at the time, the Holton, Capt. Smith, commander, at Long-reach; here are a man and woman that were along with me, and my servant can prove I was not at home; he may swear what he likes against me, I cannot help it.
For Slavin.


                  Eleanor 
                  Shepherd 
               



            . I am a house-keeper in Wapping, my husband is a seafaring man, he belongs to the Juno, Capt. Brent; Mr. Slavin came down to my house on the 30th of July last.
Q. What day of the week was that?
E. Shepherd. That was on a Saturday, he came about eight or nine in the morning, and staid better than half an hour; he went with me to the Holton Indiaman, we took a boat, she lay at Long-reach, she had not come to her moorings at Woolwich; it was about one or two o'clock when we got on board; we staid till night, as I had bought some goods, and could not get on shore.
Q. What did he go for?

E. Shepherd. To trade in the same way; he lay there in the boatswain's mate's hammock, we staid there all night, we staid till about ten o'clock on Sunday night; we came on shore at Woolwich on Sunday evening, it was after ten o'clock when we parted company.
Q. When did you first see him afterwards?
E. Shepherd. At eight o'clock on the Monday morning, he came to the alehouse to me; we set out for London directly, and got there about noon; we came to his house, I left my goods at his house, and we parted much about two o'clock.
Q. What was your business on board this Indiaman?
E. Shepherd. We smuggled on board her, he assisted me.
Q. What package did you bring your goods in?
E. Shepherd. In handkerchiefs, I bought two long setts of china.
Q. What is Slavin's business?
E. Shepherd. He keeps a clothes-shop, and is a shoemaker.


                  Alexander 
                  Fitzgerald 
               



            . I am a salesman in Rosemary-lane, I have known Mr. Slavin about half a year, I never heard him ridiculed with any thing before, he is a civil man.


                  Thomas 
                  Fitzgerald 
               



            . I am a baker, and live by Rosemary-lane; I serve him with bread, he always paid me very honestly.
- Cotterill. I have known him about seven months, he always seemed very industrious, working early and late.
- Cornfoot. I am a salesman, and live opposite Mr. Slavin, I have known him about half a year, I looked upon him to be a very honest man.
Q. to prosecutor. Did Slavin mention about his being on board a ship when before the Justice?
Prosecutor. No, he never mentioned a word of that then.
Bush 


               guilty of stealing the goods only
            . Recommended. 



               B
            .
Slavin 

               Guilty
            . 


               T.14
            .
