





51. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dran 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight childs pair of worsted stockings, value 8 s. 13 yards of cloth, value 9 s. four yards of checked linen cloth, three linen handkerchiefs, four silk and cotton handkerchiefs
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Susanna 
                     Jenkins 
                  




               
            , spinster
, Nov. 7
.+


                  Susanna 
                  Jenkins 
               



            . I keep a shop in Oxford-market


. The prisoner came into my shop to buy a pair of buttons, on the 7th of November; there was another man crept in behind him on his knees, and stripped the window of these things.
Q. Did you see him take them?
J. Jenkins. I did; that was when I went to give the prisoner change for the buttons; I cried out. Upon seeing them take the things I cried out, and they both ran away together. The prisoner aimed at the drawer to take that, as I had it out to give him change, but I snapped it in. I ran out after them and cried, Stop thief! and the neighbours pursued and took the prisoner, and brought him into the shop.


                  John 
                  Reed 
               



            . On Tuesday night, the 7th of last November, I was at my door. I heard the cry, Stop thief! I went to see what was the matter. I met the prisoner with a pair of child's stockings in his hand. I asked him how he came by them. He said he picked them up in the kennel. I asked him if he had any thing more about him; he said, no. I took him into the shop, and upon examining him there were two pieces of silk and cotton handkerchiefs dropped from under his coat, by his side. (Produced in court.)
Prosecutrix. These were my property. (Several other things also produced.) These were picked up in the street, my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
He asked me where I got them stockings; I said, I picked them up in a court where the things laid scattered about; they took me into the shop, then before a justice of the peace. I was then going to see after a place, when the gentlewoman ran out and called, Stop thief! I saw a lad run out of the shop, and scatter things all about. I ran after him and picked these things up; they were all over mud. It was not this woman but a shorter woman that came out of the shop. I went up the court with her, and picked up seven or eight stockings, and brought them into the shop; then I picked up another pair of stockings; and that gentleman asked me where I was going. I said I was going into the shop; then she came and catched hold of me in the court, and said I was the man that was in the shop, buying a pair of buttons. I was searched and no buttons found upon me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
