






277, 278. (M.) 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Saunders 
               



              and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Gibbons 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing nine yards of linen lace, value 20 s. and ten yards of linen edging lace, value 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Leny 
                  




                
            , May 5
. ++


                  Anne 
                  Leny 
               



            . 
               
                  Moses 
                  Leny 
               



             is my husband; we keep a lace warehouse
 in Round-court, in the Strand


; Saunders had been at my shop before, and I suspected her not to be honest; she came in with the other prisoner on the 5th of May, and said she had brought me a new customer; I desired my servant to look sharp; I had some valuable lace lying on one counter, I desired them to go to another counter where the black lace was; they desired to go and look at the lace on the other counter; I shewed them a box of lace; Saunders bought a yard and a quarter, at 2 s. a yard. She asked the other prisoner, if any of that lace would do for her; Saunders took up her apron, and laid it over the goods on the counter; I begged her to take her apron off, fearing the lace should stick to it; she then let it down. I took them to the other counter; then I saw a piece of lace lying on the ground, close by the counter; I am sure there was no such lace at that counter before. Gibbons wanted to see several pieces; Saunders called her Mrs. Myner; Saunders turned her head round to me, and desired me to look at the lace on the back part of her cap, and said, the other prisoner wanted such; this I thought was with intent the other might have an opportunity to take something; I still kept my eye looking towards Gibbons. I saw a piece of lace in Gibbons's bosom, one of the doubles hung out under her handkerchief; I took hold of it, and took it out; there were nine yards and a half of it; I saw a piece of edging in her hand; she put her hand behind her under her cloak; I desired her to give it me; she swore many oaths, and used me in an insolent manner. I, by trying to take it, saw the edging drop behind her; Saunders saw me both take the lace from Gibbons's bosom, and take the edging up behind her, yet she stood up very much for her character, and said a thousand times she would ruin me, and she would not depart my house till she had brought people to take an account me; then she continued using me ill for an hour and a half at least. I desired my girl to fetch a constable, but she could not get one; a neighbour came in; Saunders sent Gibbons out to bring in a man to ruin me, but my neighbour went out and brought her back; (three pieces of lace produced in court that were found by the counter; that which fell behind Gibbons, and that taken from out of her bosom; the latter, by mistake, was not in the indictment.)


                  Mary 
                  Ross 
               



            , the servant, confirmed the evidence of her mistress in every part of it.
Saunders's defence.
I live in the neighbourhood; I knew this woman (meaning Gibbons) in her own country, (Ireland ) she was coming to my apartment for some linen to wash; I met her; I said I was going to buy a yard and quarter of lace, and should not keep her half a quarter of an hour; we went to this shop; what the gentlewoman says is false; I never did recommend her as a customer; I have but six weeks to go with child, and I desire I may never be delivered, or see my other children, if I mentioned such a thing; I had a clean lawn apron on; the corner of my buckle had torn it, and I took it up in my hand to look at it; the gentlewoman asked me what I wanted; I said, a yard and quarter, at about 2 s. a yard, with a running worm; she begged I would wait a bit, and she would dispatch me; upon taking up my apron, it dropped upon the counter; she said, pray put your apron down, which I did; I bought a yard and quarter of the lace and paid for it; this poor woman never mentioned the wanting to buy any lace till she saw me buy; then she said, how much will do for my child, of such as is on the back part of your cap; I said, three quarters of a yard; the gentlewoman said she believed she had such a thing, and went to the other side the counter to shew it her; I saw the card of lace lying by the counter; I took it up, and gave it the gentlewoman; this poor woman said she could not go to above a shilling a yard; I have seen her thread her needle, and hold it close to her eyes, she is very near sighted; she took the lace up, and held it close to look at it; the gentlewoman catched it away, and said, what are you going to put it into your bosom; there came very high words between us; she cursed our country, and wished none of my country might ever come into her house; she sent her maid out to call two men in; I said, I wished somebody would go for my husband; she insisted this poor woman should not go out of her house; the woman begged somebody would go for her child; then she insisted on taking us before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; we did not care to go there; she sent for some of his men, and they took us there; my husband's brother keeps a pastry-cook's shop over against Sir John's house, made me object to going there.
To her character.


                  John 
                  Perry 
               



            . I have known Saunders from the year 1757, in Galway in Ireland; she was a serjeant's wife; I never knew her have an ill character in my life; her husband attends an auction shop in the Strand.
Gibbons's defence.
I left my child with a friend, and went for Mrs. Saunders's linen to wash; I met her, and asked her to go back with me; she said she could not, she was going to buy a piece of lace; I went with her to this shop into Round court; she said, Polly, buy a bit for your child to go round her cap, you cannot get it cheaper than here, (I never was in the shop before in my life;) I said I could not give above a shilling; I went to look at a piece; the gentlewoman said, you have no right to look at that lace; Mrs Saunders said, when people come into a shop, they look at things they do not buy; she said, she did not want any of my custom, and did not like any of my country, and bid us both go about our business; she sent the maid to call somebody in; a gentleman came in; he said he did not like to meddle in the business.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
