





260. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Lotan 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two louis d'ors, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Panchau 
                  




                
            , March 29
. *


                  Isaac 
                  Panchau 
               



            . On the 29th of March, which was on the Tuesday, I left a bag on the table below stairs, in which were five louis d'ors; another servant of mine carried it up into my room, and put it into my breeches pocket; after which, when I came to take my money out on the Thursday I found but three.
Q. What is the prisoner?
Panchau. He was my servant
 at the time.
Q. What country man is he?
Panchau. I believe he is a Dutchman
; at first, upon the constable coming to take him for stealing the two louis d'ors, he denied it, but afterwards he co nfessed he had taken them.
Q. How long had he been your servant?
Panchau. At different times he has served me six or eight months; he does not live with me, I am often backwards and forwards abroad.


                  William 
                  Turner 
               



            . I keep the Bear and Rummer in Mortimer-street, a public-house; the prisoner offered my wife a louis d'or to change; I did not see him deliver it to her, but I saw her give it him back again; she gave it to me to know if it was a good one; I said it was French money, and did not chuse to change it.


                  John 
                  Collet 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Panchau; I know he had five louis d'ors in his bag; I carried the bag up stairs, and put it in my master's pocket, and on the Thursday following there were but three; we had a suspicion of the prisoner, on the account of his going to change one at a public-house, as the publican told me; after he was taken up, I heard him say he took my master's money, and that he was in liquor when he did it; and he added, he was a lost man, for he had robbed him. On the Wednesday night before, I lent him 2 s. he saying he had no money; and on the Thursday morning a hatter brought a hat home for me, and the prisoner lent me 3 s.
Prisoner's defence.
That 3 s. that I lent him, I received that very day of a Frenchman that my wife washed for; as for the louis d'or, I do not deny that I offered Mr. Turner's wife that for her to change; I had served a gentleman that belongs to Prince Charles of Lorrain; he came over here to buy horses, he gave it me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
