





185. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three hempen sacks, value 2 s. and ten bushels of oats, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Ayre 
                  




               
            , Jan. 24
. +


                  Nicholas 
                  Ayre 
               



            . I am master of a vessel
, the prisoner was one of my foremast men
, he had been with me but about a week before he did this fact; on the 24th of January the prisoner was taken at Irongate in the evening, with the oats mentioned in the indictment; I did not miss them till the cargo was delivered, there were 150 quarters of them.


                  Thomas 
                  Truss 
               



            . I am a waterman; a porter came to me at Irongate with the prisoner; the prisoner said he had some sweepings given him, which were on board a ship which lay near Lady Parson's; he desired I would go with him, and fetch them; I went about four in the afternoon on the 24th of January, some of the ship's company put them into my boat; the prisoner received them, there were three sacks of them; they were taken from me and carried to the sign of the City of Bristol, where they are now.


                  George 
                  Webb 
               



            . I am headborough; on the 24th of January, about seven in the evening, the Custom-house officer had detected this evidence and the prisoner, and stopped the three sacks of oats, they were clean oats; he ordered me to carry them to the City of Bristol alehouse; I challenged the prisoner with taking them out of some lighter; then he told me he had, and that there were two men concerned with him; one he said was the cook, the other he called John; I took him to the watch-house; then I went to Capt. Ayre, and asked for the cook and John; they came on shore, I took them to the watch-house to the prisoner; they both of them owned they were parties concerned; then I took them all before the bench of Justices, they were committed, two to Bridewell, and the other to New Prison; after that the other two were acquitted.
Prosecutor. I was before the Justices, and heard the prisoner own he was concerned in stealing the oats: he is a Portuguese, but he served his time at Yarmouth; the others are gone to the East-Indies.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
