





301. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Wing 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of leather spatterdashes, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     McPearson 
                  




                
            , May 18
. +


                  Mary
               


             McPearson. I am wife to the prosecutor; we live at the Golden Boot on Snow Hill


; my husband is a Shoemaker
: between ten and eleven o'clock last Saturday night, the prisoner came in and asked for a pair of long-quarter'd pumps: I told him we had none; there was Mr. Houscombe trying on a pair of spatterdashes; he desired me to assist him, and in the mean time I missed a pair of shoes from out of the window: we always lay a pair to each pane of glass. I taxed the prisoner with taking the shoes; he said he knew nothing of them. The gentleman and I searched him; and upon searching him, we found a pair of spatterdashes under his coat, our property. (Produced in court.) They were hanging on a buck's horn just before; we did not find the shoes: as he opened his coat the spatterdashes fell down: the prisoner said they fell from the hook as he opened his arms; but the gentleman stood between the hook or buck horn and the prisoner; we sent for a constable, and he was taken into custody.


                  William 
                  Houscombe 
               



            . About a fortnight ago, I was coming up Snow Hill; I saw some spatterdashes that I thought of a neat fashion; having an occasion for a pair, I went in and bespoke a pair: it was at the prosecutor's shop: they not being brought home on the Saturday, I went at night for them. When I came into the shop, there was this woman: I tried a pair, but could not get them on without assistance; the prisoner coming in for a pair of pumps, I was unwilling to hinder the business of the shop, and waited some time with one spatterdash half on and half off; the woman thinking the prisoner a trifling customer, as none would please him. she came to assist me again in trying the spatterdash on; but a woman being unhandy, I desired the prisoner to assist me; he did, but we could not get them on. Seeing they would not do, I was going away: the woman being very willing to do her husband's business, said she would have another trial: then her back was towards the prisoner, who stood half within, and half out of the shop. At last, when I found the spatterdashes hurt me, I gave it up, and desired her to tell her husband to wait on me, to make another pair: I think the prisoner had his answer before this: The gentlewoman looked in the window, and missed a pair of shoes: she said to the lad, Leave the pair of shoes you have got. She turned to me, and said, Sir, the boy has stole a pair of shoes. I went up to him, and said, Friend, I believe you are a thief; you shall not go: he threw both of his arms out in a very odd sort of a way; and as he opened his coat, I saw the part of the spatterdash that turns down, of a tan-colour, fall from under his coat: I took the spatterdashes up, and delivered them to the gentlewoman. I not knowing but he might have accomplices, I call'd in two gentlemen that were going by; in the mean time the husband came home; he sent for a constable, and the prisoner was taken to the watch-house; it being in my way home, I went along with them: I said to the constable, it is necessary to search him, to see if he has money enough upon him to pay for a pair of pumps. He was searched, and there were only two six-pences, and a piece of tin bent, so as to appear like a six-pence, found upon him. (The spatterdashes produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I was a little in liquor; I went to my mother, and desired she would let me have a pair of pumps; she said she would not. I said I would have a pair; she said, then, if you will, go and chuse a pair, and come again after you have tried them on, and I'll give you the money. I went to the shop of the prosecutrix on Snow Hill; she shewed me a pair; I said they would not do; the gentleman desired me to help him on with the spatterdashes; the prosecutrix said, if I would stay till they had done, she would shew me more: then she said she missed a pair of shoes: the gentleman said, it is proper to search him: I threw my arms out, and hit the spatterdashes as they hung up, and they fell down.
Mr. Houscombe and the prosecutrix being both asked again, declared they saw the spatterdashes under the prisoner's coat, and saw them fall from thence; and that Mr. Houscombe stood between the prisoner and the place where they had hung, at the time.
He called 
               
                  Edward 
                  Bolter 
               



            , who had known him fifteen years; 
               
                  John 
                  Grimes 
               



            , five years; 
               
                  John 
                  Longstaff 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Cosey 
               



            , from his infancy, who gave him a good character, exclusive of this.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .

[Branding. See summary.]

