





245. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Driver 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one yard of silk ribbon, value 7 d. one lac'd hood, value 4 s. one silk handkerchief, value 3 s. and one cotten handkerchief, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Flight 
                        



                      
                  ; one muslin apron, one gause handkerchief, and 2 silk handkerchiefs, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Flight 
                        



                      
                  ; one pound of India soap, and one handkerchief
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Macleshan 
                  



                
            , August 29
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Flight 
               



            . My sister Ann is a milliner
, I live with her in Cornhill; we had lost things several times, and we suspected the prisoner.
Q. What is he?
M. Flight. He is a ticket-porter
, he us'd to shut up the shop; we laid things to catch him, the piece of ribbon was one; when they were gone we took him up, and he delivered up the key of his room, and we went and searched, and found the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name) (produc'd in court, and depos'd to) as part her sisters and part her own, and the handkerchief as the property of Mr. Macleshan.
Q. Where were the things taken from?
M. Flight. They were taken from out of the shop.



                  Peter 
                  Macleshan 
               



            . I belong to the sea, I had some India soap which was missing, it was found at the prisoner's house; I am certain it was my property, there is no such soap in the country; I heard the prisoner charg'd with taking the things mentioned, and he own'd he did.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have some witnesses to my character; I bear a great character, and I believe very justly.
For the prisoner.


                  David 
                  Solomon 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 10 or 11 years.
Q. What is his character?
Solomon, He bears a very good character, he always was a good man.


                  John 
                  Hubbard 
               



            . I have known him 9 or 10 years, I always took him to be a very honest man; I found him to be so, he has gone with a great many jobbs for me, and always behav'd very just.
Mr. Wallis. I have known him 7 or 8 years.
Q. What is his general character?
Wallis. It is that of an honest man; I have trusted him with several things.
Mr. North. I have known him about 3 years, he bore a good character, that of an honest man.
Mr. Parker. I have known him 30 years, or upwards; he always bore a good character.


                  John 
                  Patterson 
               



            . I have known him 3 years come Michaelmas-day, I never heard any ill of his character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


