





29. (M.)
               
                  James 
                  Key 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing four guineas one half guinea, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Farest 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Gray 
                     



. Oct ++


                  Thomas 
                  Farest 
               



            . I lodge in the house of 
               
                  William 
                  Gray 
               



            , at the Old Gravel-lane, Wapping


; I came on more sick from on board a ship, the 31st of October; Mr. Gray's wife showed me the room up stairs to bed; I laid myself down on the bed; the prisoner came to me, and asked me how I did; he came home in the ship that I did; he said, I had better pull my clothes off; I said, no, do not trouble me; he helped me to pull my breeches off, and I took and laid them under my pillow; then he asked me if I would have any thing to drink; I said, no; then he said, I had better go to sleep; I turned my head from him; he pretended to cover me with his left-hand, and what he did with his right hand I cannot tell; in about ten minutes time he went down from me, and said he was going to see after his landlady: there came up a ship-mate of mine, and said, Tom, how do you do; before he opened the door, I saw my breeches lying with one part on the bed, and the other hanging off, I had not been asleep; I examined my breeches, and missed four guineas and a half out of them; the captain had just paid me off, the prisoner knew that very well; I received 10 l. 14 s. we went and enquired; a coachman came and informed us he carried the prisoner to Whitechapel, where he spent some money. and from thence to the Swan and Two Necks in Lad-lane. On the Sunday morning we went there and found him; we sent for a constable, and charged him; he was asked what money he had about him; he said he had only five halfpence; then he was desired to show what he had in his other pocket; he then pulled out some silver, and more halfpence; there was a Frenchman that went with me, said to him, if you know yourself to be honest, pull off your shoes; he pulled off his right foot be very willingly, there was nothing there; then the constable desired him to pull off the other; he was very dilatory about it, and did not chose to pull it off, he was a long time about unbuckling it; when it was of one guinea fell on the table, and another he had stepped into his hand; he gave no other account about them, but that he had worked hard for them; I knew the captain gave him but a guinea for working his passage, and that I know was laid out within a few shillings.


                  John 
                  Parsons 
               



            . On Sunday the 1st of November I was sent for to the Swan and Two Necks in Lad-lane; the prosecutor informed me, as he has said here, how he had lost his money; I shewed the prisoner my staff, and said, I am afraid you have robbed this man; pray where did you lie last night; said he, what is that to you, and began to grow mighty pert; then he said he was with a woman; I said, pray what money have you got, I shall search you; he said he had no money, I was welcome to search him; he had but five halfpence; I said, turn them out; then he shook cut about five or six shillings, and six pennyworth of halfpence. Mr. Gray said, you have more money than is your own there; the prisoner said, take it if you dare; I said, then put it in your pocket again, that is not what we want; the Frenchman said he thought he saw him slip something in his shoe; he was desired to pull off his shoes; he very readily put up his right foot, and pulled off the shoe; then I felt in his fob; then I desired him to pull off the other shoe; then he began to abuse Mr. Gray; he found I was resolved to have that shoe off; he shuffled about it, and wanted to get the money out; when it was off, one guinea dropped on the table, and another I took from him; I put them two in my pocket; we then took him to the Computer, and searched and found 9 s. 6 d. and some halfpence; I kept the two guineas and 5 s. to bring here, and delivered the rest back to help him in prison.
Prisoner's defence.
I had no money but what I worked hard for; I was born in Manchester, and have been two or three voyages.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
