





250. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Benson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver candlesticks, value 4 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wetham 
                  




                
            , Esq
; Sept.  10
 ++ .


                  John 
                  Parker 
               



            . I live in Panton-street, St. Jame s's. I am partner with Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Weaklin 
               



             [He takes a silver candlestick, and part of another in his hand]; I know these to be what we lent Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wetham 
               



            , part of one has been in the fire. I received a letter from Mr. Wetham that these candlesticks were lost; he has had them a good while to travel with; he is now some-where in Bedfordshire. I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Pell 
               



            . On the 11th of this instant, the prisoner came and offered me these three pieces, part of a silver candlestick, to sell; [Holding three pieces in his hand]; I asked him, how he came by them?
Q. What are you?
Pell. I am a pawnbroker. He told me, he found them at the fire at Newgate amongst some rubbish. I said, I should be very glad to know where the rest of it was? he said, one of the carpenters and he had cut it in pieces, and he had given the carpenter half a crown for his share. I being a constable, searched him, and found the other parts in his pocket. Then I took him to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            : Sir John desired I would go and put the prisoner in the round house, and against the time I came back, he would have ready a warrant to search his lodgings. I went and secured the prisoner; and then went to his wife without a warrant, and asked her for the other candlestick; and she gave me the key; and I took this other candlestick out of a box in their apartment.
Parker. Mr. Wetham wrote me word, they were lost out of the pocket of a post-chaise, and begged of me to advertize them; which I did; upon which Mr. Pell stopt the man, and found me.
Pell. When I was carrying the prisoner to the round house, he told me, he found them in a postchaise; and if I looked in the advertiser, I should find he found them in a post-chaise; and said, he had drove Mr. Wetham in a post-chaise, from the Red-Lion at Barnet, to the Swan at Wellwyn in Hertfordshire.
Prisoner's Defence.
There were two post-chaises went from Barnet. I drove the gentleman's chaise: The next day I went to sweep the chaises out, and found a pair of candlesticks, but they were in the other chaise, not that which I drove. I thought as I found them, I might do as I thought proper with them. I found them as honestly as any man in England.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
