






290. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Carr 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton gown, value 21 s. one silk gown, value 3 l. and one common prayer book, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hardiman 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling house
            , September 15
. *


                  Sarah 
                  Hardiman 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; I let the prisoner lie with me in my husband's absence, she went out of my house the 15th of September, and when she was gone I miss'd one of my gowns, it was a blew tabby, the other a cotton, and a common prayer book; they were taken out of a box that was locked. Last thursday I took her myself, and charged her with taking them. She confess'd she took them, and told me where they were; I took her before a justice of the peace, and she confess'd the same there; he committed her, I went and found the things accordingly. (the two gowns and prayer book produced in court, and depos'd to)
Q. How came you to know the prisoner?
S. Hardiman. I keep a cook's shop, and she came and dined with me several times, and I took her to be a very honest woman.


                  William 
                  Oversmith 
               



            . I am a constable; I served he warrant on the prisoner last thursday; she was taken to St. Ann's watchhouse, and the next morning I heard her confess there, she took the things here produc'd from Mrs. Hardiman.


                  Thomas 
                  Marthwatet 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the things were pledg'd in the name of Carr, but not by the prisoner; I heard the prisoner confess she sat them to pawn.
Q. What did you lend her upon them?
Marthwate. 18 s.
Q. What are they worth?
S. Hardiman. 4 l. 2 s.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not take them, nor pawn them neither.
For the Prisoner.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I have known the prisoner aboutwo years.
Q. What his her character?
E. Williamson. I have trusted her with plate, and things of value, she never wrong'd me; I always found her a very honest body.


                  Hannah 
                  Stains 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about four or five months.
Q. hat character does she bear?
H. Stains. I cannot say that ever she had a bad character.




               Guilty. 39 s
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


