





4. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Towers 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 39 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Waddington 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , October 27
. *


                  William 
                  Waddington 
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and live in Bear-street, Grosvenor-square. On the 26th of October an acquaintance of mine that lives near the Tower, had some business in our parish: he called upon me, and staid till half an hour after ten at night; he said he did not know that part of the town, but if he could find his way to St. Paul's Church-yard, he could find his way home: I went with him thither, and parted with him in the Church-yard. When I came by the end of Chandois-street, by Covent-garden, the clock struck twelve; then I wound my watch up, it was one I had to mend; I went to my lodgings; as I was so late they would not let me in, so I walked about. It was very cold; I found a house open in Piccadilly, the Red Lion


; I went in and got a pint of beer; about ten minutes after three I took my watch out to see what time it was; I saw the prisoner there, he was sitting at one side a table, and I the other, but not quite opposite each other; there were three or four people besides at the same table; I went to sleep with my head on the table; when I awaked I missed my watch; the prisoner was not then at the table; I know not how long I slept, there being no dial in the house, I believe I might awake about five; I told the landlord I had lost my watch; I went to the prisoner and asked him if he had it; I put my hand about his clothes, but did not feel it; I searched two or three others in the like manner; I not finding it, left word where I lived, that the people of the house might let me know if they found it. On the Wednesday following I had word of it; I was taken to Mr. Clements's, a public-house in the Hay-market, to one Couch who had bought the watch; then we went and found the prisoner at the White Bear; we took him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , there the watch was produced, (produced and deposed to by prosecutor;) Couch said he bought it of the prisoner; the prisoner said he found it in the water-tub at the alehouse where I slept.


                  Edward 
                  Couch 
               



            . I am a coachman, the prisoner is a post-boy; I bought this watch of him on the 31st of October; I gave according to agreement a guinea and a half, and if I liked it after a month's trial, I was to give him 4 s. 6 d. more.
Prisoner's defence.
That night the young man was at the Red Lion; after he awaked he said he had lost his watch, and made a stir about the house; the landlord said, he did not believe he had a watch to lose. The house was as full as it could hold; the landlord said we should all be searched; they searched me for one; the man left word where he lived, and went away. After that I went out, and went to get some water out of a tub to wash my face; I saw the watch hang up by the side of the tub, by a little steel hook; I took it and went away, thinking it would be advertised.
He called 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wright 
               



             to his character, who knew him about seven years ago, but knew very little of him since. 


               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
