








13, 14, 15, 16. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Hindes 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dyer 
                  



                
            , 
               

                              Philip 
                              Farrell 
                           



                         
                     , and Eleanor
                   his 
                  wife





            , were indicted for 


               ripping and stealing six iron rails, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Lucas 
                        




                      
                  , spinster
, the same being fixed to her dwelling house
            , Oct. 26
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Lucas 
               



            . I live at Islington


, and am a housekeeper
; I can only say the bars belong to my premises; I missed them the 26th of October; there were six of them; they were taken from before the house; they were fixed into store work, about five feet high; the top rail is fastened to the house.


                  William 
                  Church 
               



            . I am a watchman in Islington; I met these four prisoners betwixt three or four in the morning on the 26th of October; I asked them what they were upon. They desired to know whether I chose to have my head knocked about or not; when I had cried the the other end of my walk he turned again within about a hundred yard of Mrs. Lucas's, Hindes had got three bars; I asked him what he had got there; he said he had got nothing, and threw them on the ground, and made off; I took them up; then one of the other said, the watchman has got them let us go back and knock him on the head, and take them from him; with all my heart, said the other, but he has got a good stick in his hand; then they walked off; I went to the other watchman, we went to see for them, but did not see them, till I got in at the Blakeney's-head; there they all four sat; Farrell looked at me and said, have you a mind to have your ears pulled; I said, what do you mean by that; I went out and sent for a constable: Dyer followed me directly; I took hold of him, and said he should not go yet: I took him in and set him down, and said, the first man that stirred I'd knock him down; the constable came; we took them all to Bridewell; then the woman said, let me go back, and I'll shew you where there are three more bars, under a cart or a waggon by a public-house; we secured them, and according to her directions found the other 3 bars. Dyer said, going along, some shall answer for this if I get my liberty; the woman said to Dyer, swear the young man that assisted me was a confederate with us: we carried the bars to Mrs. Lucas's house; there every bar fitted the place they were taken from, (the bars produced and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Barley 
               



            . I was at the taking the prisoners at the public-house, and at the finding the three rails under the waggon.


                  Timothy 
                  Fly 
               



            . I helped Church to take the four prisoners; I heard the woman give an account of the three bars.
Hindes's defence.
I had drank some liquor, and did not know what I was about.
He called 
               
                  Henry 
                  Handy 
               



            , 
               
                  Norris 
                  Lambeth 
               



            , two copper-plate printer's, who said he was of the business, and gave him a good character.
Dyer's defence.
I was locked out of my lodgings, and I met the other three prisoners in the street, being much in liquor did not know what I did.
He called 
               
                  William 
                  Cleaver 
               



             to his character, who said he knew but little of his character.
Farrell in his defence acknowledged he went to Islington with the other prisoners, that Dyer and Hindes went on to Highbury-barn, and left him and his wife near Islington church, and on his return home Dyer overtook him with three bars on his shoulder.
Hindes, Dyer, and Farrell, 

               Guilty
            . 




               T
            .
Eleanor, 

               Acquitted
            .
