






85. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Taylor 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth waistcoat and breeches, value 3 l. one linen waistcoat, four silver tea-spoons, value 4 s. a silver table-spoon, value 6 s. and a silver square, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Polock 
                  




                
            , January 12
. ++


                  Jacob 
                  Polock 
               



            . I missed the things mentioned last Sunday in the evening; the prisoner was my journeyman
; I am a barber
 and peruke-maker
; I had been out about ten minutes, and when I returned I found my shop door locked; I went round to the back door; I could not make my servant hear; I got into my shed, and into the room, and found my drawers open, and the things mentioned gone; I went and acquainted one of Sir John Fielding's people with my loss. The next morning 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Franklin 
               



             came to me with a letter in his hand, which was found in one of my waistcoat pockets; it had been directed to me: he asked me if I had been robbed; I found he had taken the prisoner, with the things mentioned in the indictment upon him; I went with Mr. Franklin to the Round-house, there was the prisoner; he was asked to give an account of the things; he seeing me, fell on his knees and begged my pardon, and said if I would forgive him, he would serve me seven years for nothing, and said he was sorry for what he had done: we took him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and he was committed; (the things produced in court and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Samuel 
                  Franklin 
               



            . I am a constable in the parish of St. Paul's, Covent-garden. About two in the morning, last Monday, the prisoner was brought to me by the watchman, to give an account how he came by these things; they were brought with him; he said he got the cloaths by paying so much a week into a club for them; he said he bought the spoons of a Jew; he said the square was a brass one; he dropped a letter directed to Mr. Polock, by which means I went to Mr. Polock; then he owned he had robbed his master of these things, and he came with me to the prisoner; I heard the prisoner say to his master, if he would forgive him, he would serve him seven years for nothing.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
