





52. (L) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Yarwood 
                  , otherwise 
Haywood




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one diamond ring, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Cracrast 
                  




                
            , December 18
. ||


                  Richard 
                  Cracrast 
               



            . The prisoner was a footman
 in my house in the month of December last, and some time before.
Q. When did you discharge him?
Cracrast. I turn'd him away in December, not knowing he had stole any thing at that time, nor till he was taken into custody upon his offering a diamond ring to sale in the Poultry; he was carried before Mr. Fielding, and I and my wife were sent for, where the ring was produced; then the prisoner fell down on his knees to me, confessed he had stole it, and beg'd I would be merciful to him. He was committed to Newgate. ( The ring produced in court.) This is my property, I bought it upwards of twenty years ago.
Mrs. Cracraft. I did not know I had lost this ring till I was sent for, for having been ill a great while I never missed it; it is my property.


                  Thomas 
                  Rawland 
               



             I am a silversmith in the Poultry; the prisoner came to my shop on the 18th of December last, and offered this ring to me to sell; I asked him whether it was his own, and he said it was; then I asked him how he came by it, and he said it was given him. I asked him then where he lived; he said, will you buy the ring, or will you not? I said, I ask you a civil question, pray give me an answer. He said, give me the ring. I said, tell me where you live, and I'll go in three or four hours, and if I like it I will buy it. He said, he lived at the Sword and Buckler in Barnaby-street, Southwark. I went thither, and asked the landlord whether he had lost any thing. He said no. The prisoner said he lived servant at a chop-house in the Old Jewry, but being out of place came there to lodge. I went, and could not find there that they had lost any thing. Soon after the prisoner came in, I took him into a room, where I and a friend of mine asked him where he had the ring. He said it was given him. I desired him to send for the person that gave it to him. Then he said he found it in the last place where he lived (the Red-Lion, at the top of Windmill Hill, Morefields) on a Sunday, in the dining room. I went there, and asked the landlady whether that ring was her property. She said no. Then I proposed him his liberty if he would tell me how he came by the ring, that the right owner might have it again on the morrow, and he should go about his business. Then he told me he took it from off a fine lady's finger in Exeter Street. I told him if he had lost one there I should have believed him, but that he could never get one there. After that he confessed he took it from Mr. Cracraft's before he came away from thence, and that he had been come away about a fortnight and three or four days.
Q. Did he say where he took it from?
Rowland. He said he took it from off a table in Mr. Cracraft's house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found it in the dust hole in the yard, amongst the tub ashes; I happened to say things that I knew nothing of, I am quite innocent of it; being frighted I did not know what I said, I never was guilty before of any thing in my life, I did not know whether it was gold or not.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


