





331. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bow 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint mug, value 50 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kilvington 
                  




                
            , February 8
. ++


                  John 
                  Kilvington 
               



            . I keep a public-house
 on the Bankside


, on the other side the water. On the 8th of February last, the prisoner was at my house with several of his fellow-servants, drinking a pint of beer; he worked the next house to me: that night I lost out of the same room where he was drinking, a silver pint mug, a silver salt, and a silver table-spoon; the next morning the salt was found, where the washers, belonging to the dye-house, put their boots and aprons; the prisoner being captain of the float, (that is a stage like which lies on the river Thames, lying at an anchor upon which several men stand to wash the cloths) gave me a jealousy of them; I got a search-warrant and searched the houses of the men that worked upon the float, but nothing was found: the next morning the gentleman whom the prisoner worked for, found the spoon under the water-bank, that fronted the dye-house door; and about the 10th of April, the prisoner was stopped offering the mug to sale: I was privately informed of it; on the Sunday after I went to the constable that had him in charge, and took him before Justice Wood; he was sent to Bridewell that night. On the Monday morning, as soon as the news-paper came, I saw in it, that Mr. Smith had stopped the mug; I went to his house and found it was my property; I got Mr. Smith to come with me to the Justice, and had the prisoner removed from Bridewell to the New Goal.
Q. What did the prisoner say when you charged him with taking the mug?
Kilvington. He said he knew nothing about it, and said, he never had no silver to sell in his life.


                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a silversmith, and live in Crooked-lane. On Friday the 4th of April in the morning, about a quarter after eight o'clock, the prisoner brought a little piece of a knob of silver to me, and desired to know if it was silver, and said, he found it in some rubbish; I weighed it; there was about half an ounce of it; I bought it of him; he said he wanted a pair of buttons, and looked at his sleeve; I shewed him a pair; he bought a pair; I put the silver in the email box, and it was melted down with other silver; before he went quite away he turned again, and said he wanted a pair of silver shoe-buckles; I shewed him some; he chose out a pair, and said, lay this pair by, and I will call in the evening for them; he said, what do you give an ounce for such silver, pointing to some silver mugs, will you give 6 s. an ounce? I said, no; then he went away: I mistrusted he had something not right in his mind; I gave my people notice, that I thought the man had stole something, and wanted to sell it to me. In the evening the prisoner came; I was obliged to be out; he would not tell his business till I came home; when I came home, I said, what are you come for your buckles? and delivered the buckles to him, that he had looked out in the morning; he said he did not like them, he would have another pair; he laid them by, and seemed to be a little confounded, for I had several people by me to be witness; he said, I have got a piece of plate if you will buy it; he put his hand into his right-hand pocket and kept fumbling: I said, I cannot tell till I see it; he pulled out this mug, I looked at it; said I, this is almost a new mug, it has been very badly used; how came you by it; he said he was laying down a pipe, and he found it in the mud, (it was very muddy) I turned it up to look at the bottom, to see for a mark, and the mud ran down my sleeve; come, Sir, said he, will you buy the mug? I said, I believed I should not; said he, then give it me again; I said, no, I shall not; give me the buckles, he said; I said, no, I shall not do that, I shall stop the mug to know how you came by it; said he, I'll bring a person to-morrow morning to prove how I came by it; I stopped it; he went away, and came on the Saturday morning, but I was not at home; he came afterwards, and a publican with him, to give him a good character; said the man, I hear you have stopped a mug, let me see it; I said, no, you shall not till I advertise it; the man said he knew nothing about the mug, and but little about the man, only he used his house about 12 months, and had paid him honestly; I said to the prisoner, how did you come by the mug? he said he found it under the common shore; I said, when did you find it? he said, about a week ago; I said, pray how came it so very muddy, when you brought it last night? said he, then I will tell the truth; I let it lie till the tide was going down, and in the afternoon about five o'clock, I took it out. While the prisoner was with me at noon, I took down his name and where he lived; he said his name was 
               
                  William 
                  Brannon 
               



            , and worked with 'squire Neal on the Bank-side; and that he lived at Mr. Kelley's in Black-friars, on this side the water: I told them when they went away, I should advertise the mug on the Monday morning; that I should advertise it three times, and if nobody came to own it, it was his; and when they were gone a little time the publican came again, and said he was a bad man, for his name was 
               
                  William 
                  Bow 
               



            , and that he worked at a dye-house on the other side the water; and if he had known as much as he then did, he would have had a warrant and taken him up. On the Monday morning that it was advertised, the first person that came was the prosecutor, who owned the mug, (produced in court, and deposed to.)

Prisoner's defence.
I hope the Judge and Jury will speak in my just cause, and listen to what I say. I worked a quarter of a year for Mr. Roberts, at the bank side, in Surry; I was captain of a float there; I was going from the float, and I observed this lying in the mud; when I went to dinner, they charged me to keep off the float, because the tide would be going down; I saw it was a mug without a handle. It was so black, I took off the button, and went to Mr. Smith to ask him whether it was silver or not. I said, Is this silver? he said it was; said he, If you get any more bring it to me, and I'll buy it; I said, Perhaps I may; what will you give me an ounce for it? he said, 4 s. 6 d. I said, will you give me 5 s. 6 d. after that I called again for a pair of buckles I had seen before he came in; I asked for them, and what he would give me an ounce for this old broken plate; he looked at it, and looked at me, and asked me where I got it; I said on the other side the water; is it silver, said he? I cannot tell, said I, you are the best judge; for if what I brought the day before was silver, this must be silver; said he, Have you any body to give you a character? I said I had a publican in Thames street that will; said he, then I'll keep the mug till he comes: I made no resistance against it; I went to this man; he came with me the next morning; I went home again to see after my work over the water; I took the same man a second time. It shews by looking into it, that I must be innocent, or else I would not come so many times; Mr. Smith asked the gentleman if he knew me; the gentleman said he had known me twelve months, and never saw any harm by me, and nothing but what was just and honest. Mr. Smith said he could not give me any money for it, till he got it into the Monday's paper; he asked me my name; I changed my name; I had a reason for that: I, in five years, several times found scarlet cloaks, bunches of stockings, shalloons, and cloths, there is a gully-hole that runs through; I knew my own name would be mentioned in the paper the next day; and so many men worked with me, they would be all expecting a part of it; it is my fancy; this is all spite and malice; I had the care of five or six men under me, to keep them to their working hours. This gentleman holds a tenter-ground for my master, so he will not give me a character.
To his character.


                  John 
                  Burden 
               



            . I keep a public-house close by Mr. Kilvington; the prisoner lodged at my house at the time he was taken up, then he bore a good character: he had the key of my house to let himself in and out.


                  John 
                  Walters 
               



            . I am a dyer; the prisoner lodged with me five months, then he behaved honest.


                  Peter 
                  Lyon 
               



            . I work in the dye-house where the prisoner worked; I have known him a little better than twelve months, I never knew any thing laid to his charge before; he is an industrious man.


                  John 
                  Dempsey 
               



            . I work at the dying business; I live by Fleet-ditch; I have known him about twelve months, I never heard nothing bad of him before this.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
