





99. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Izack 
                  



               
            , late of the Parish of Feltham


, was indicted for 


               stealing two chimney glasses, value 2 l. 10 s. six brass locks, value 20 s. and a parcel of galley tiles
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fawkener 
                  




                
            , Esquire
, some time in Nov. 1761
. +
Mr. Payne. I am a carpenter at Hammersmith, and was intrusted to take care of a house belonging to 'Squire Fawkener, and to do something to it; there were two chimney glasses, and several locks upon the doors, and some other things. Some time in November my servant informed me, that some of the locks had been taken away.
Q. When did you go to the house yourself?
Payne. The 26th of November; and I missed the six locks, two chimney glasses, and some galley tiles.
Q. What did you do then?
Payne. I acquainted Mr. Fawkener with it, and consulted what to do.


                  Richard 
                  Smith 
               



            . Some time in November last, the prisoner and I went to a House of Mr. Fawkener, and took away from thence six or seven brass locks and some galley tiles. When we had taken the locks off, we concluded to sell the tiles first; but not meeting with a purchaser, then we endeavoured to sell a lock. As we could not meet with any-body immediately to buy it, we carried it to Mr. Hilton, a pawnbroker, to pawn it.
Q. What did you pawn it for?
Smith. Two shillings.
Q. What did you do with the rest of the things?
Smith. We got leave for the tiles to remain at the pawnbroker's till we called for them, the locks we took home to Izack's house. and we took the insides of the locks out; for that, he said, would be the best way to sell them. A day or two after he told me, I should sell or pawn one, and he and I went into Swithin's-alley, Le cester fields, and I pawned it for 18 d. at Mr. Watson's. Then, my Lord, we parted; he had the rest, and in a day or two he sold one, but where I cannot say. Then I sold one.
Q. What became of the tiles?
Smith. He told me he had sold them to a man in the street.

Q. How did you divide the rest?
Smith. The first lock that he sold he kept the money, and for that I sold I kept the money; but I know not what became of the rest.
Q. Do you know any thing of the chimney glasses?
Smith. We saw none when we were there; we only took brass locks and the galley tiles.
Q. How much had you of the first lot that was pawn'd?
Smith. One shilling, my lord.


                  William 
                  Gee 
               



            . I am the person who first missed the things. Some time after Michealmas there was one chimney glass in the parlour, and another in the housekeeper's room up stairs, besides a lookingglass in another chamber, and several brass locks, I believe 12 or 13. Afterwards a gentleman came to look at the house, and he asked me if there were locks to the doors; and I said, yes, brass locks. Then I went to shew him the house, and missed six or seven of the locks, and called my fellow-servant to shew him that the locks had been taken off; and observed, that the person, who had taken them off, had broke the boxes, not knowing that they were false ones; and, upon acquainting my master of it, he ordered me to take off the rest, which I did. Some time in January a person came to look at the house, and it appeared to us, that the doors must have been broke open to get at the things up stairs.


                  John 
                  Hilton 
               



            . On the 12th of November 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Izack 
               



             brought this lock to my house to pledge. I asked him if it was his own. He said, yes, he had bought it; and I lent him 2 s. on it.
Q. What time of the day was it?
Hilton. In the afternoon. Some time after he brought another lock; which I said I would not have any thing to do with. Afterwards Richard Smith came with one, and I refused taking it in. After this I saw an advertisement of some locks being stole, and I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's and gave a description of the men; they knew them both very well.


                  James 
                  Watson 
               



            . On the 10th of November the prisoner at the bar came and pledged this lock, in the forenoon, as his own, and I lent him 1 s. 6 d. on it.
Q. Was any-body with him?
Watson. No, my Lord, not that I knew of.
Q. Did you know him.
Watson. I have known him for some years.
Q. Did he offer to pledge any thing else?
Watson. Yes, a basket of tiles; but some were broken, and I refused taking them in pledge. He desired that he might leave them till he called for them, which I permitted him to do; and they were fetched away that day. I have known Izack a good many years; he is a shoemaker, and I have often taken in shoes of him that were his own making.
Prisoner's Defence.


                  Richard 
                  Smith 
               



             came to me, and brought a lock, saying that he had been helping his sister to move household goods, and that she had given it to him, and desired me to sell or pawn it; which I did.
[The Court was desired to ask Mr. Payne if Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             did not tell the prisoner, if he could charge Smith with any thing, and was not concerned in the theft, he should be admitted an evidence. Mr. Payne answered in the negative].
Constable sworn.
Q. You were at Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's when Izack and Smith were brought before him - Who was first examined?
Constable. Smith.
Q. Was he then admitted an evidence, or not till Isaac was examined.
Constable. Before his examination.
Q. Did he give the same account of the affair as he has done now?
Constable. Yes, my Lord.
For the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Clarke 
               



            . I am a bricklayer at Kensington; I am well acquainted with the prisoner; he hath wrote for me and kept my books four or five years.
Q. How often did he come to write?
Clarke. Two or three times a week, and at Christmas two or three weeks together. I have intrusted him to receive money several times by drafts on bankers, and he always behaved very honestly.
Q. Have you intrusted him any time these two years?
Clarke. No, I parted from him upon account of some charge laid against him. I would rather have lost twenty pounds than it should have happened.


                  Thomas 
                  Walter 
               



             deposed, that he had known him three or four years, and he never knew any harm of him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


