





460. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Page 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing half a guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Baldwin 
                  




                
            , July 22
. ++


                  William 
                  Baldwin 
               



            . I am a master of a vessel
, and an importer of fruit and wine
 from Spain; an acquaintance of mine, a constable, requested me to give him my company on his watch night at the watch-house, which I did on the 21st of July, at the watch-house in Panyer-alley, Newgate-street; we staid till four in the morning; I was walking along at the end of Fetter-lane


, I looked at my watch, and found I should be at home before my people were up; I had accustomed myself to drink the water at Battle-Bridge wells, I went up Fetter-lane to go there; when I was about two-thirds up the lane, there was the prisoner; it had rained, she appeared very wet; as I came to her she asked charity, and was very solicitous for a penny to get a pennyworth of purl; I took out my money, and said, I had no change; upon that she made a snatch, and took half a guinea out of my hand, and ran away; I pursued her to a place they call (I think) Church-yard-alley; she was just entering into a house, I took hold of her, and brought her into the street, and sent for a constable, and took her to Woodstreet-Compter; she was examined by Mr. Alderman Shakespeare, and acknowledged having the money, but said I had given it her, and said I had been six hours in a hackney coach with her.
Q. Did you get the half guinea again?

Baldwin. No, I did not, she said she had lost it; after she had got it she ran, and said I will get change, I will bring change.
Prisoner's defence.
Another woman of the town and I had been to Long-acre; I met Mr. Baldwin on the other side Temple-bar, he said to me, my little dear, if you have a lodging I will go with you; I went to my lodgings in Fetter lane; the other woman was a lusty woman; he said, I was rather too small, he did not like me; so I went down stairs, and he called me up, and gave me half a guinea; I went and called my landlady to give change; when the woman came, he said, where is my half guinea; I said, in my pocket; he said, I insist upon it again, for I have laid with this woman, and am to give her five shillings and three-pence of it; I had delivered the half guinea to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Simpson 
               



            .
Q. to prosecutor. Is the constable here?
Prosecutor. They are both.


                  Richard 
                  Playle 
               



            . I am one of the constables of St. Andrew's, Holbourn; I was called out of my bed about a quarter after five, to take charge of the prisoner; she said before my Lord-Mayor, the prosecutor had been six hours in a hackney-coach with her in the night.
Mr. Hunt. I am the constable that Mr. Baldwin was with that night; I parted with him at the watch-house in Panyer-alley, about four o'clock in the morning.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
