







264, 265. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Collins 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Cope 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first, for 


               that he on the 2d of June

, between the hours of 12 and 2 in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Compton 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing 3 yards and an half of muslin, val. 30 s. two linnen shirts ruffled, val. 6 s. two handkerchiefs, val. 2 s. one muslin neckcloth, val. 1 s. one pair of silver buckles, val. 10 s. one man's hat, val. 2 s. one diaper napkin, val. 6 d. the goods of the said Edward, in his dwelling-house
            ; and the other, for 


               receiving two linnen shirts, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            . *


                  Edward 
                  Compton 
               



             deposed, his house was all fast and safe when he went to bed, on the 2d of June, about 11 at night; that a window on the back part was broke in the morning, and the casement open, and the things mentioned in the indictment missing. The next night the family went to bed as usual; about 3 in the morning his daughter called to him and said, she saw a man getting over the pales, he put his cloaths on and pursued; that his daughter from a window above saw him run from one yard to another, and his wife alarmed the neighbours from his window, and at last he was taken in a die-house concealed between two water-tubs, which was the prisoner at the bar; that he had the prosecutor's handkerchief about his neck, which was taken out of the house the night before; (produced and deposed to) he was asked his name, he said, any thing; what business, any thing, which was all he would say. The Monday following he found one of his ruffled shirts hanging at the door of 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Likess 
               



             in Field-lane, he took his wife to see it; the woman told her, she had another of the same which she bought of a woman that came often there, upon seeing the other, she swore to them; the woman came again and was secured, which was the prisoner Cope. (The shirts produced and deposed to.)


                  Mary 
                  Compton 
               



            , his wife, confirmed the account he had given, and the daughter that of seeing the prisoner from the window, &c.


                  Charles 
                  Sheridan 
               



            , a neighbour, to that of taking the prisoner in the die-house, and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Likess 
               



             of buying the shirts of Cope.
Collins said nothing in his defence.
See him tried and cast for transportation for stealing a parcel of carpenter's tools, No 246, in Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chitty 
               



            's Mayoralty.
Cope in her defence said, she did not sell the shirts to Likess.
She called 
               
                  Ann 
                  Blaney 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Tragon 
               



            , 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Becher 
               



            , 
               
                  Ann 
                  Meridey 
               



            , and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Plat 
               



            , who gave her a good character.
Collins 


               Guilty of Felony only
            . 


               T
            .
Cope 

               Acquitted
            .
