





458. (M.) 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hall 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 10 s. a cornelian seal set in silver, value 12 d. and a cloth coat and waistcoat, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , August 30
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a clerk to a proctor in the Commons
. On the 30th of August I happened to be in Wapping


, in company, and got so in liquor as to be intirely out of my senses. A man, I know not who, neither do I know where, offered me a part of a bed. I went with him to a house. I remember I pulled my coat and waistcoat off, and he knocked me down, and took my watch from me. I called after him, and said I would not lose it so. I ran out after him, and fell down in the mud. Then I went for my coat and waistcoat, but could not get in, as the door was fast. Being thus naked, I became cool upon it. I went and knocked up an acquaintance of mine in Wapping, and lay down there. I told him I had lost my coat, waistcoat, and watch. In the morning a gentleman came to me, and said he had got scent of my things. He took me to a public house, the Three Crowns, where was the prisoner. The prisoner said he was not the person who knocked me down, but he could send for the things. He sent a woman out, and she brought my coat and waistcoat. The next day we took him before the justice, who committed him; and the day after he was taken before the bench of justices in Whitechapel; from thence he was committed to Newgate. I have no recollection of the man that knocked me down.


                  Mary 
                  Davis 
               



            . The prosecutor was drunk in a public-house in Wapping.
Q. Where do you live?
Davis. Where I can get a lodging.
Q. Where had you a lodging at that time?
Davis. I had no lodging at that time.
Q. How long have you lived in London?
Davis. I do not live in London.
Q. Where do you live?
Davis. I live any where.
Q. What countrywoman are you?
Davis. I was born in Ireland.
Q. What do you know of this affair?
Davis. As I was coming from London-bridge I met the prosecutor in Fenchurch-street, and we went together to a public-house in Wapping, where was the prisoner who offered the gentleman a bed. He took him out of the public house, and I followed them. As soon as he was in, and had pulled off his coat and waistcoat, and hung them on a chair, the prisoner gave him a clout on the head, knocked him down, and took his watch out of his pocket. The prisoner ran away, and the gentleman after him. I had a card out of the gentleman's pocket which I shewed to a person, and he read it: it was,
"
               
                  George 
                  Purling 
               



            , Hatter, No. 96, " Shoe-lane." I went to Shoe-lane, and told the person that the prosecutor had been robbed of his watch.


                  George 
                  Spurling 
               



            . Last Tursday morning this witness came with a card of mine to my house, and asked me whether I knew a short, thin young man, with such clothes, and his hair clubbed. I asked her her business with him; she said she wanted to see him. I asked if any accident had happened to him; then she told me he was in liquor one night, and she met him in Fenchurch-street, and took him down to Nightingale-lane, to a public-house; there they drank, and he being sleepy, a man told him, if he would go home with him, he should have a bed; that she followed, and as soon as he had pulled his coat and waistcoat off, and hung them on the back of a chair, that the man gave him a clout, took his watch out of his fob, and went out at the door with it: then he said he would not lose his watch so, that he went out after him, and tumbled down: then they shut the door upon him, and shut him out, with his coat and waistcoat in the inside, and he having lost the man, went to an acquaintance's house in a yard in Nightingale-lane. I sent to the prosecutor's office, and found he had not been there; then I went up into Leicester-fields to his landlord, but finding he had not been at home all night, I went with the woman. When I came there, she shewed me the door. I found a padlock upon it. The prisoner came down the alley at the time. She said, That is the man that knocked the gentleman down, and took his watch out of his pocket; and she would swear it. Upon that the prisoner turned back, and when he got to the corner of the alley, he ran. I pursued him up into Ratcliff-highway, where I was told he was gone up Saltpetre-bank. I ran, and then saw him straight before me, about two hundred yards from me. When I got near him, he turned round, and said, Is it me you mean? I replyed, Yes, my friend, the woman says you are the man. He said he was not. I took him to the Three Crowns in Ratcliff-highway, where I got assistance, and went to the house where the prosecutor was in bed. I told him, I understood he had been used ill; that I had my intelligence of it from a woman, and had got the man in hold. He then got up and went with me to give the prisoner in charge. The prisoner said, if he would forgive him, he would produce the coat, waistcoat, and watch, and begged for mercy. He sent a woman of his acquaintance out, and she brought the coat and waistcoat. We went after the watch, but that was handed away.
Prisoner's Defence.
Coming along I heard some disturbance about these clothes. I heard it mentioned where they were sold; they said there had been a robbery committed, but where and how I could not tell. Then this gentleman came, and asked me, and I told him the coat and waistcoat were brought. They told me if I would give them three guineas, they would make the affair up.
Prosecutor. The prisoner said, if he could not get the watch again, he would give me three guineas.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
