





226. (L.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Wallis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four trunks, covered with leather, value 28 s. one trunk, covered with seal-skin, value 10 s. and two other trunks, value 17 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gale 
                  




                
            , February 23
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Gale 
               



            . I am a trunk-maker
; the prisoner was my servant
: I live by Fishmonger's-hall, Thames-street. On Saturday, the 23d of February, I miss'd a trunk: on the Tuesday morning I charged him with stealing it; I took him before the sitting alderman; nothing appeared: on the Saturday after I went to Moorfields, and at the house of Mr. Ealing I saw one; I asked how they came by it; the woman said it was brought by a woman (describing her to be the prisoner's wife) on the last Saturday morning, about eight o'clock; at the same time I saw another trunk there; the woman said that had been brought about a fortnight before, by the same woman: after that I saw three more, the woman said they were brought by the same woman, much about that time: on the same day I went to the other side the water, and at Mr. Mulligan's, in the Mint, I saw two hair trunks, that I knew to be mine: I knew them all by the sizes, the locks, and my own work.


                  Ann 
                  Ealing 
               



            . I keep a broker's-shop, the Salamander, in Moorfields; an elderly woman brought three trunks to me; she said her husband was a trunk-maker: I saw that woman before Mr. Alderman Rawlinson; the prisoner there called her his wife.


                  Mary Anne 
                  Mulligan 
               



            . A woman came and said her daughter was very ill of a fever, she wanted to sell her trunk; she said it cost her 8 s. new: I bought it; then she said her daughter's fellow-servant was very bad also, and she would bring her trunk; she brought it about three weeks after, and I bought that of her: I gave her 5 s. for one and 6 s. for the other: I saw her before the magistrate: Mr. Gale was there, and saw her also.
Gale. That woman, she speaks of, is the prisoner's wife.


                  Thomas 
                  Penton 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Mulligan: I saw the woman before the magistrate that brought the trunks; it was the same that the prisoner owned to be his wife.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never took a trunk out of my master's shop, any farther than to carry them to my master's customers; that woman has passed for my wife, but she is not my wife.
He called 
               
                  George 
                  Brown 
               



             and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Dun 
               



            , who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
