





504. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Evans 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six silver tea-spoons, value 6 s. one pair of silver tea-tongs, value 4 s. one silver strainer, val. 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Jones 
                        



                      
                  ; one duffel jacket, val 6 s. one flannel waistcoat, val. 1 s. two pair of stockings, val. 1 s. one cotton waistcoat, value 3 s. one pair of fustian breeches, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Fisher 
                        



                      
                  , in a certain ship lying on the river Thames



. Oct 18. ||


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am master of a ship called the William and Mary, a merchant-man
, the prisoner was a seaman
 on board, last Tuesday morning I missed the things mentioned in the indictment. (mentioning them by name.) Fisher is the boatswain
; the prisoner went from the ship at the same time, he was taken up last night, and own'd he had left the things at a woman's at Green Bank, on the other side of the water, there I send the spoon, tongs, and strainer.


                  Margaret 
                  Baty 
               



            . I live at Green Bank, the prisoner came it liquor to my house last Tuesday morning, about 0 o'clock, he asked for a pennyworth of apple; he went out and came in again and asked to take care of these spoons, tongs and straine till he was sober; after that he came for them, said I would keep them and advertise them. ( Produced in Court and deposed to by Jones.


                  John 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I ing an officer in St. John's parish, the prisoner was brought on shore and given in charge to he acknowledged he had stolen the things, and left the silver with this woman, where we went and found them, and that he had left the boat things by the sign of the Flower-de-lue in Stoney-lane, where we found them.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
