





462. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Spragg 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               defrauding 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Farr 
                        




                      
                   of divers goods by false pretences
            , &c. August 15
. +


                  George 
                  Farr 
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live at the corner of Watling-street


. The prisoner had lived servant
 with the Reverend Mr. Cheap of Batter-sea: I did not know but he continued there when he came for these goods. I have only indicted him for the last parcel: he had had eight different parcels; the last was on the 15th of August; he said he came from his mistress; I told him his mistress should always send a written order for the future: he said, if I did not chuse to deliver them, I might send them by my servant. I having no suspicion, sent by him what he ask'd for, half a pound of green tea, half a pound of congo tea, 14 pounds of loaf sugar, 13 pounds and odd ounces of other loaf sugar. This was on the Thursday. On the Monday following a tall man came and told me I was very much cheated by a man who came for goods in the name of Mrs. Cheap several times: he said the prisoner sold the goods to one Mrs. Jones in St. Martin's Lane; and if I would go there, I might find some of them. I sent my man to know if the prisoner lived with Mr. Cheap or not: I found he had been gone away some time: I went to Justice Fielding. and got a warrant: the Justice bid me go to my Lord Mayor for a warrant, and he would back it. When I went and search'd at Mrs. Jone's, we found two of the loaves of sugar at a public-house next door to her. Coming home, there was the prisoner in my shop with a written order for a large quantity of goods: I took him in custody: he confess'd that he had sold them all, except three loaves of sugar, to Mrs. Jones, and was going to carry these there; that he had sold loaf sugar for 6 d. a pound, and tea for 5 s. and that Mrs. Jones agreed to give him that money, come when he would.
Prisoner's Defence.
Another young man was concern'd with me in the things.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
