





500. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Solomon 
                     Gabriel 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pocket-book, val. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , Sept. 23
. +


                  Andrew 
                  Smith 
               



            . On the 23d of Sept. I was coming from the Bank, a man walked a long side me for upwards of forty yards, and would not let me pass him; I was going into a coffee-house, and found a bustle about me, I immediately missed my pocket-book, that man gave something to another man, I laid hold of that man, then he delivered it to another man, the prisoner is the third person that had it; I pursued him, and in running about forty yards I saw him throw my pocket-book away; that was taken up, and he secured. He made frivolous excuses; he owned before the Alderman he had the pocketbook, but said he found it.


                  John 
                  Perrot 
               



            . I was crossing the end of Birchin-lane


. I saw the prosecutor stop a man, and feel in his pockets, and found nothing; he quitted him, and ran after the prisoner up Birchin-lane; as soon as the prisoner saw the prosecutor following him he ran, I followed him, he turned in by the Jerusalem coffee-house, there are some pales put up where are workmen doing business; I saw his hand move, as if he threw something in there, I looked through, and saw a pocketbook lying open, the prosecutor was then before me; 
               
                  Roger 
                  Swift 
               



             went over and took up the book.


                  Roger 
                  Swift 
               



            . This is the book. (Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
