





104. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Luke 
                     Ranger 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing nine pair of men's silk hose, value 3 l. seventy-six pair of other silk hose, value 15 l. nine pieces of wove silk for breeches, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        Israel 
                        Eltington 
                     




                   , in the dwelling-house of the said Israel
            , Oct. 1
. ++
Israel Eltington. I am a hosier
, and live in Cheapside


; the prisoner was my servant
 for upwards of seven years, in the capacity of a porter; he has robbed me of sundry parcels of goods, more than I shall now mention; I had information of his extravagant life about the middle of October; having missed goods at sundry times I suspected him, but never could charge him. I took a search warrant the last day of last sessions, and went to his dwelling; I found nothing in his apartment, but I found nine pair of silk stockings in his landlady's apartment, where his wife lodged in Warwick-lane, all of my own manufactory; I know every workman's goods as well as I know my right hand.
Q. Can you say those goods were never sold out of your shop?
Eltington. That I cannot say; I know they are such goods that I had missed, this led me to farther enquiry. I found his wife's brother, a seafaring man, had a considerable quantity of goods out with him; he was on board a ship bound for Jamaica; she was gone down the river. I sent one Collins down to Portmouth; he sent me up two parcels of goods which I can swear to; one of the papers they were in, had my writing on it. I received the invoice in 
               
                  Luke 
                  Ranger 
               



            's hand-writing, to the amount of 64 l. consisting of stocking and breeches pieces, all of my own manufactory; the invoice was made to his brother-in-law; (the invoice produced in court;) at that time the ship lay at Mother-Bank (the invoice read in court) directed to Mr. 
               
                  Ebenezer 
                  Read 
               



            , on board the ship Lenton, 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Corland 
               



             commander, dated October 25th, 1767. I received these the 14th of November from Portsmouth; the prisoner was in Newgate at the time. Here is a letter which I received from him in Newgate, which agrees with the invoice, except in three or four pair of stockings short. I know the letter to be the prisoner's handwriting; (the letter read)
"wherein he acknowledged
"he had wronged the prosecutor; begs for
"mercy, and says if the ship is not gone off, he
"makes no doubt but the goods will be delivered
"up to him again, and hopes his brother-in-law
"will not be punished; and acknowledged himself
"to be the only transgressor, signed Luke
"Ranger." I received 27 l. after his commitment, for an adventure the prisoner sent out under the care of 
               
                  Ebenezer 
                  Read 
               



            , to the Granades.
Q. Can you tell the time they were taken out of your shop?
Eltington. No, I cannot.
Q. Can you tell what quantity were taken at one time?
Eltington. No, I cannot; I know I have missed tot he value of 5 l. at a time; I missed two or three parcels very considerable.


                  Judith 
                  Walters 
               



            . I live in Warwick-lane, the prisoner's wife and mother lodged at my house, the prisoner lived at his master's; he told me he dealt for himself; he brought a parcel of stockings to my apartment, in the beginning of last summer; he asked me if I could dispose of a few pair for him. I sold some, and what I sold I had a shop price for them; some at seven shillings, some at nine shillings, and some at half a guinea a pair; I paid 6 l. 17 s. 6 d. with my own hand, to a gentleman that was with Mr. Eltington, for he would not take it himself; he seemed much confused, to think the prisoner had robbed him.
Q. How long had the prisoner's wife lived at your house?
J. Walters. About nine months; the man behaved very well when at my house.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
