





260. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Learey 
                  




               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l. two half guineas, twenty-nine shillings in money, numbered, and four linen shirts, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Kelly 
                  




                
            , Sept. 10
~.


                  David 
                  Kelly 
               



            . I took the prisoner in a poor girl in the street; she was with me a fortnight all but one day; my wife keeps a little green-stall; she went to market to buy some greens, and left her with two children at home; my watch was left hanging on an nail, and the money in a little cupboard near, it not locked; when we came home, the prisoner and things mentioned in the indictment were gone. In the Afternoon, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Cornwell 
               



             came, and told me she had stopped the girl and some things.


                  Sarah 
                  Cornwell 
               



            . The prisoner came and knocked at my window, and told me, she had something for my child. I opened the door; she gave my child three halfpence, and said, she had got a watch; she said, a black had picked it up in Gray's-inn-lane, and wanted me to sell it for her. I asked her where she lived? she said, with one Williams, that kept a green-stall in a court at the further end of Gray's-inn lane. I said, stay here, and I'll help you to a customer for it. I carried it to my landlord; he bid me keep it till it was advertised. I went back again, and desired the prisoner to go with me to her master At first she said she would, but after that, she would not; I said, I was afraid it was her master's watch. She burst out a crying, and said it was. Then I went to enquire for one Williams, and by enquiring about, found the prosecutor out, [The watch produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor, who knew it by a dent on the back of the case.]
Q. to the Prosecutor. How old is the prisoner?
Prosecutor. I never knew her mother till the girl was taken up; she says, she is between twelve and thirteen years of age.


                  Michael 
                  Sprague 
               



            , the headborough, deposed that he had the prisoner in charge; that in his hearing she acknowledged the taking the things mentioned.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the things.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
