





326. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Evans 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one plane, called a sash sillaster, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Brown 
                        



                      
                  's and one oil-stone
            , the property of 
               
                  Marychurch 
                  Callin 
               



             , May 12
. *


                  Stephen 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and was at work in Marybone


. This day month I missed a sash sillaster, from out of the buildings: the prisoner had worked with us the week before it was missed (he is a carpenter
): we suspected this man, and went to the place where he was at work, in Long-acre; there I found it upon the bench where he was at work. I asked him what he meant, by taking it? he said nothing, but offered to restore it; (Produced in court. and deposed to): he said he took it to make another by.
Marychurch Callin. I missed my oil-stone at the time the plane was missing; I found it on the prisoner's bench, in Long-acre; (produced, and deposed to): when I questioned him about taking it, he said the D - l was in him.


                  Edward 
                  Wade 
               



            . These tools were missed this day month, in the afternoon; the prisoner worked for us, and left us the Saturday before; I went and saw the oil-stone on his bench, and the sash sillaster behind the bench. I asked him whose they were? he said the sillaster was Brown's; that he took it to make one by. I do not know what he said about the oil-stone.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took them for a week, to make a sash sillaster by it, and return them again.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
