





19. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Brown 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               that she, on the 27th of Sept.
 between the hours of 2 and 3 in the night, on the same day, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Stanley 
                        




                      
                   did burglariously break and enter, and stealing one silver pint mug, value 40 s. one silver milk pot, value 5 s. five silver spoons, value 10 s. five silver tea-spoons, value 2 s. 6 d. and one pair of silver tea-tongs, value 2 s. the goods of the said Daniel, in his dwelling-house
            . *


                  Daniel 
                  Stanley 
               



            . I live in St. Luke's parish


. My house was broke open on the 27th of September, at night.
Q. What part of your house was broke?
Stanley. To a window in a little back room are siding sashes, and on the outside are iron bars that cross each other, some upright, and some are fixed cross them, which makes square holes in them. In the morning, I found the sash was drawn back, and they made shift to get between the bars. They were not displaced.
Q. Where does that window open to?
Stanley. It opens into a yard, and there is a door that opens into Bell-alley, but that has been nailed up 3 or 4 years.
Q. Was the window on the ground floor?
Stanley. It was.
Q. Were the sashes fastened?
Stanley. No, there is no fastening to them; I imagined the bars were security enough.
Q. How wide is the window?
Stanley. It is about four or five feet wide, we found the cupboard in the bar broke open, that is in the tap room, about 4 or five yards from the window. I miss'd my plate, the same as mentioned in the indictment. They were taken from out of the cupboard.
Q. When did you see your plate last?
Stanley. I saw it over night. I made some brandy and water in the pint mug just before I went to bed, which was about 10 o'clock.
Q. Did you lock your cupboard door?
Stanley. It was locked over night, but was forced open; there were two folding doors to it, where I kept my books, plate, and spirituous liquors.
Q. How far were the iron bars asunder at the window?
Stanley. I think the holes were 8 or 9 inches square. I desired two of my neighbours to try them, and they being thin men, they both got through them. I advertised the things. Some of my neighbours came and told me, the prisoner, from a starving condition, was seen to have some money; so I went after her to shiperton, near Windsor, hearing the coachman had carried her there the day after this was done; there I took her at her mother's house; nothing being found opon her, she was cleared. This was on a Friday in last sessions, and the Thursday after she was stopt with the silver mug. I went to her in Wood-street Compter; there she ordered the goal-keeper to write me a note, to direct me where to get the spoons and things; that I should find some in a washing-tub, and the others in a lye-tub, at her mother's back door, at Shiperton. Then I and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Borrows 
               



             went down, and found the things accordingly: there were the 5 large spoons and cream-pot in the lye-tub, and the 5 tea-spoons and tea tongs in the washing-tub; the silver mug I found in Woodstreet Compter, the goal keeper had it.


                  Jacob 
                  Levi 
               



            . I live near Gravel-lane, Hounsditch; I am an hawker in the silver way. On the Thursday after last sessions, the prisoner at the bar came and asked for one Levi, a silversmith: my wife went out and said, here is one Mr. Levi, that deals in silver, but does not keep a silversmith's shop. She shewed her the mug, but my wife would not take it in till I came home. When I came home, my wife shewed me the mug; it seemed as if a coat of arms were taken out of it. I seeing three letters on the bottom, I went out and shewed the mug to all my neighbours, fearing it had been stolen; when the prisoner came to me, I asked her, what will you have for it? she said, give me what you please. I asked her where she had it? she said, she had it of one 
               
                  George 
                  Tucker 
               



            : (See No. 407 in last mayoralty, the 2d trial of Tompkins. See also No. 391.) I said, I had no money, I would go out and get some: I went and brought a constable and stopt her. She went down on her knees, and begg'd I would let her go: we brought her to the Compter.


                  Thomas 
                  Borrows 
               



            . Mr. Stanley sent for me to go with him to Shiperton; I heard the prisoner confess she broke the house open. I said, was there any body concerned with you? she said, no. She told us, she got over into the yard, by the help of a nail in the wall, which she put her foot upon. I went along with Mr. Stanley, and saw the other plate found in the tubs, as he has mentioned.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you know the prisoner before?
Prosecutor. I have known her about two years; she lived servant with me this time 2 years.
Mrs. Stanley. I know this plate to be our property (produced in court). I am always the last up. I saw this plate in the bar over night, before I went up stairs to bed, about 11 o'clock.
Q. Have you no shutters to that window?
Mrs. Stanley. There is none, only sliding sashes; one, one way, and the other, the other. They were both shut when I went to bed. I went to see the prisoner when in Newgate, and asked her how she came to do it? She went on her knees, and cry'd, and said, she had no stays on, and went throw the bars very easy, and had nobody to help her. after she got over the wall, by the help of a nail.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.




               Guilty of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            . 


               T
            .
