





240. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two linen gowns, value 1 s. six linen aprons, value 6 s. two linen handkerchiefs, value 6 d. one dimity waistcoat, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Purdey 
                  




                
            , March 29
. +


                  Ann 
                  Purdey 
               



            . 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Purdey 
               



             is my husband; I live at Lime-house


: I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, out of the yard as they were hanging to dry. I went the next morning to Justice Berry's, to get a warrant, and there I found my things, and the prisoner at the bar.
Q. Did you know her before?
A. Purdey. I never saw her before, to my knowledge.


                  Catharine 
                  Purdey 
               



            . I know the things to be my mother's property; they were taken away from out of the yard.


                  John 
                  Boyadell 
               



            . I went to get a pint of beer in my dinner-hour; the prisoner came in with a bundle of things, and asked me if I would buy a waistcoat; she shewed it me; it was not dry. I said, I believe you did not come honestly by it; tell me where you had it, and I'll go and make it up for you: she said, she came very honestly by it: she had two bed-gowns; six aprons, and two handkerchiefs besides, all wet. I took her before Justice Berry, and in the mean time, the prosecutrix came and owned the things. (The goods produced and deposed to.)


                  James 
                  Segwick 
               



             (the constable.) I had the prisoner in charge; when we were before the justice, the prosecutrix and her daughter came and owned the things.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming along Whitechapel; she asked me to make an exchange; so I took the things of her, and I thought they were honestly come by. I was to give her my gown.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            . 
