





255. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Price 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles, set with Bristol stones, value 5 s. a silver teaspoon, value 6 d. an eye-glass, mounted in silver, value 6 d. twenty-two guineas, and three half guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Denmead 
                  




                
            , April 5
. *


                  John 
                  Denmead 
               



            . I was a waiter to Mr. Almack, and now live under the long room, King-street, St. James's


: I take care of the assembly-room there. On the 5th of April I miss'd twenty-two guineas and three half guineas out of a bureau in the closet: I don't know that any body goes there besides myself. She had been servant to me seven weeks; I discharged her the day before I miss'd the things. I had eleven guineas brought to me by 
               
                  Jonas 
                  Fox 
               



            . I went in search of her, and found her in Brewers-street. I brought her to my house; all she owned was, that she had not taken so much as I said; she said she took only fifteen guineas and a half; and that she owned she had taken: when the young man delivered me a half-crown, she arose up, and said, That never was your's; so I gave it her: before she went to the Justice she said she had received 25 l. from a person in Wales; but before the Justice, she said she had only twelve guineas.


                  Jonas 
                  Fox 
               



            . I am an apprentice at the St. Alban's tavern. On the 4th of April, the prisoner at the bar sent a chairman to me, desiring me to come to St. James's Square, not in any house; she told me she had received upwards of twenty guineas from Slough: and she desired me to take eleven guineas and half a crown, and these buckles and glass, and I might do as I pleased with the money. I have known her near twelve months; I believe she had not left Mr. Denmead's Service then; she said she was to come away that evening; Mr. Denmead's man came and enquired of me about her; I asked what was the matter; I observed he was slurried: he said she was in custody: I having received these the day before, went and carried them to Mr. Denmead. (The things produced and deposed to.)
Prosecutor. I found this tea-spoon in the prisoner's box ( producing one), my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
All that the young man says is very true: I had that money of Mr. Williams; he has taken lodgings at Lambeth, and is now out of town; but will be back in a day or two: the buckles I have had six years; they were made me a present of before I left Wales; my father is a Justice of the Peace there. When my mistress was ill, I gave her some stuff in that spoon, and put it in my pocket instead of my own.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
