





450. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Watkins 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shaw 
                  




                
            , Sept. 10
. ++


                  William 
                  Shaw 
               



            . Last Thursday morning I was here in the Old-Bailey yard


, looking over the list which was put up against the wall of the prisoners to be tried; I had some silver spoons in my hand to produce on a trial; the gentleman said to me, have you my spoons here; I said yes, or what business have I here, and took them out and shewed him them; I put them into my coat-pocket, and clapped my handkerchief upon them; there being a crowd, I took the spoons out, and put them in my side pocket near my breast; the prisoner came pushing up, I felt his hand in my pocket; I gave a jirk about, and saw him put his hand under his coat; upon shaking his coat, down fell my handkerchief from under it; I suppose he expected to have found the spoons there
William Baker. I was standing by Mr. Shaw; I saw the boy at the bar drop the handkerchief, but I did not see him take it
Prisoner's defence. 
I was standing there; people were pushing up; the gentleman said he missed his handkerchief; he looked about, and at last found it on the ground, then he charged me with taking it.
He called his mother, 
               
                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            , 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Simpson 
               



            , and 
               
                  Anne 
                  Evans 
               



            , who said they never heard any ill of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
