





161. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Scandon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch and silver chain, value 40 s. a stone seal set in silver, and a brass seal
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Stent 
                  




                
            , Jan. 23
. ||


                  James 
                  Stent 
               



            . I live in Radcliff highway. On the 22d of January I was invited to an entertainment in Holborn. I got a little merry. When I came beyond the ruins at the fire in Cornhill, there a woman met me, and said, Sir, it is a very cold night, extend your charity, and give me a pennyworth of purl; I said, I would if any house was open. When we came to the Cape Coast Castle, facing Billiter-lane, Leadenhall-street, I called for a pint of purl: while it was heating, she said, pray be kind enough to have a pennyworth of gin put into it. I ordered it. She went out and came in in about a minute. I drank to her: she took a hearty draught; I said, drink it up, I'll have no more. I had my change out of my six-pence: she said, will not you give me the change. We walked together as far as Cree-church, then I said, you are only spending your time in vain, I shall be no farther concerned with you: she asked me to go into some private place with her; I would not. Then she said, you are no man: she clapped her hand to my breeches, and took my watch out, and gave it to the prisoner, who stood close by me, whom I had never seen before. This was done in the twinkling of an eye. I said to the woman, d - n you, you b - h, where is my watch: said she, I know nothing of it, and fell down before me on purpose. I fell over her, and was all over dirt and mire. The prisoner ran. I got up and saw a watchman; I said, he has got my watch. The watchman pursued. My hat and wig fell off, and my stick fell out of my hand. A gentleman coming by, hearing me call, stop thief, followed the prisoner, and took him. He was searched in the watch-house, but nothing found upon him. The gentleman said, the prisoner fell down by Aldgate pump. The constable sent two watchmen, who came back with the watch, and said they found it on the very spt (produced and deposed to).


                  Thomas 
                  Hilliard 
               



            . I was going along Leaden-hall-street, near Cree-church-lane


. I saw the prosecutor talking to a woman. I saw the prisoner coming Whitechapel way. Just as he got to them, I heard the prosecutor say, d - n you, you b - h, you have got my watch, you shall not go till I have it. He called watch. The prisoner ran through an alley, and I after him: when he got into Fenchurch-street, he turned towards Aldgate: he crossed to the pump that stands between the streets; he fell down at the front of the pump: then I said, I have got you, and laid hold of his two arms, and brought him to the watch-house. The constable sent two watchmen, as I directed to the pump, who returned with the watch. The prosecutor described the watch before he saw it.


                  Edward 
                  Smith 
               



            . I was sent with 
               
                  William 
                  Wood 
               



            , a brother watchman, to look for the watch, and found it in the place the gentleman had mentioned.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming down Leadenhall-street, and two women with me. This man called, stop thief. Some ran before me, and I ran and fell down: they took and searched me, but I had nothing upon me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
