





139. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Miller 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a watch, the outside case shagreen, the box metal, value 20 s. one metal watch-chain and trinkets, value 5 s. one garnet ring set in gold, value 5 s. one red coloured ring set in go ld, one chrystal stone ring set in gold, one breast-buckle, one pair of paste shoe-buckles, a pair of stays, a dimity petticoat, a silk handkerchiefs, a linen sheet, a pair of worsted stockings, and a pair of cotton hose
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Denter 
                  




                
            , spinster
, Jan. 16
. ||


                  Mary 
                  Denter 
               



            . I keep a cook's shop
 in Cable-street, in the parish of St. George in the East


; the prisoner lived servant
 with me betwixt four and five months. I had been lame some time about Christmas, and was obliged to trust her with my key, to go to my drawers for money. On the 16th or 17th of January, when I was able to look a little after my affairs, the prisoner went out; I missed the watch, three stone rings, breast buckle, and some other things; I made known my loss, and people went out to see if they could apprehend her; upon pulling out one of my drawers, I found a bunch of keys; then upon examining further, I missed all the things laid in the indictment; the prisoner had told me for about a week before, she had lost my keys; she was soon found, and brought home; I asked her where my things were; she said they were in the drawers: I asked her what was become of my keys; she said they were left; she was rather sullen, and would say nothing about the things; the watch, three rings, and breast-buckle were found at Mr. Allen's, and the stays, silk handkerchief, and cotton hose were found at Mrs. King's.
Q. Did you ever send her with any things to pawn at those places?
M. Denter. I once sent her with things to pawn to Mr. Allen, but I did not send her with any of these things.


                  Mary 
                  King 
               



            . I took in these pair of cotton stockings, a pair of stays, and silk handkerchief (producing them) of the prisoner at the bar, at three different times; the maid said her mistress sent her. I lent her 18 d. upon the stockings, and she had a shilling and a candle on the handkerchief, and 4 s. 9 d. upon the stays, and had things with part of the money in my shop; this was about Christmas last.
Q. Did Mrs. Denter use your shop?
M. King. That I do not know; the maid used to come sometimes, and so she did when she lived at another place.
M. Denter. I always sent ready money for what I bought; where the girl went I do not know; I did not send her to any particular place.


                  Samuel 
                  Penning 
               



            . I lived in Mrs. Denter's house when the prisoner was servant there; when these things were missing, I went out in order to find her, and met a woman leading her home drunk.


                  John 
                  Morton 
               



            . I knew the prisoner when she lived servant with the prosecutrix; I was told she had stole the watch and things, and run away; I went to see for her; I went in at Mr. Allen's; there I found she had pawned these things that have been mentioned to be found there; coming, I saw a woman reading the prisoner me drunk; I asked her where her mistress's things were, she said she could find them in her mistress's drawers; I said, it is in to look, for I have been them at Mr. Allen's; then she said her mistress had sent her with them; we took her to Justice Hodgson, and he committed her.
Q. What did she say for herself?
Morton. She said she did not care about it, for they could not hang her, they could only transport her, and what did she care for that.


                  Anne 
                  Evan 
               



            , I happened to be in the room when the prisoner was taken up; they asked where the things were; she said they were in the drawer; then she was told they were found at Mr. Allen's; she was searched, and a guinea and 4 s. were found in her hand, and 13 d. in her pocket; at first she did not insist upon that, of her mistress sending her with the things, but when she was going before the Justice, then she said her mistress sent her with them; (the things found produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
My mistress sent me with the watch on the 15th of January, saying, she had a great deal of money to pay; she keeps two disorderly houses, and wanted to pay her rent; I asked Mr. Allen three guineas upon it; he bid me go back and tell her, it was not worth the money; the next day she sent me with the rings and buckles, and desired me to get two guineas and a half upon them; he was not at home; his wife said she could lend but little or nothing upon them; after that, he lent me a guinea and a half upon them; I was coming home, and saw an old woman; I bought a hat of her for 7 d. she took me to a house; I got a little in liquor: when I came home, my mistress fell a quarrelling, and said I had stole the things. I have lost my character by living in such a disorderly house, and have no friends to speak for me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
