





274. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Kelly 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Maack 
                  




                
            , April 1
. ++


                  Francis 
                  Maack 
               



            . On the 1st of April, between twelve and one in the day, Mr. Barry came after me into Lloyd's Coffee-house, and asked me if I had not lost my handkerchief; I felt in my pocket, and found I had, then he gave it me; I knew it to be my property.


                  Charles 
                  Barry 
               



            . I was standing in Mr. Deputy Wilson's shop in Lombard street


, the prisoner and another boy came by together; one of the clerks said, there are these two dogs come by again; I went out, and stood at Mr. Belchier's door, to see what they would do; I saw them follow the prosecutor, and saw the prisoner take up the skirt of his frock, and take out his handkerchief, and put it under his arm; I ran and took hold of him, and took him into Lloyd's, and asked the gentleman if he had not lost his handkerchief; he felt, and said he had; a barber's boy came in after me, and brought the handkerchief; I suppose the prisoner dropped it going in.


                  James 
                  Serle 
               



            . A man tossed the handkerchief to me, and bid me carry it in, which I did; (produced in court and deposed to;) the gentleman that tossed it to me picked it up.
Prisoner's defence.
I work for bricklayers, I was out of work; I had been over into the Borough to see my father; coming home, the gentleman came after me, and said I had picked a man's pocket, and laid hold of me; I said he was very welcome to search me, I had no handkerchief about me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
