






337, 338. (L.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Walker 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tramer 
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 4 s.
             the property of a person unknown, May 6
. ++


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . On the 6th of May about eleven o'clock, I was going to my workman on Snow-hill, I saw these two prisoners loitering about upon Ludgate hill


; there was an elderly gentleman they followed; just facing the Old Bailey, they seeing his pocket slap was in, I could see the handkerchief as I walked, Walker made several attempts as it, then Tramer pushed up and took it out of the gentleman's pocket, and delivered it to Walker; there was Mr. Maynard that lives in St. Martin's-Le-grand seized him, the other ran up the Old Bailey, I pursued and took him; then I took them both to the Compter; the gentleman that lost his handkerchief saw it, and said, it was his property, he wanted it; I said, if he would come to Wood-street Compter, and tell where he was to be found so as to prosecute, he should have it; I thought he was following us, but I never saw him since; Sir 
               
                  Charles 
                  Asgill 
               



             bound me over to prosecute; when Mr. Maynard took Walker he threw the handkerchief down.
Walker's defence.
I was coming to my master, I was not with this chimney-sweeper, (assessing his fellow prisoners;) I never saw him before, and they stopped me; I know nothing of it.
Trainer's Defence.
I saw a lad that I knew to whom I had sold a jack-ass, I was overjoy'd to see him; Pain laid hold of me, and said I had picked a gentleman's pocket, but nobody can swear it.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
