





125. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cook 
                  



               
            , packer
, was indicted for 


               obtaining from 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hodgson 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Roebuck 
                        



                      
                  , by false pretences, seven pieces of Manchester velvets, to the amount of 101 l. 3 s. 9 d. with intent to cheat and defraud them of the same
            , February 24, 1763
. ++


                  William 
                  Hodgson 
               



            . 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Roebuck 
               



             and I are partners: we follow the business of warehouse-men

: the prisoner is a packer; I have had business with him from time to time. On the latter end of January, or the beginning of February, he came to our warehouse; we were both together: he said, Gentlemen, I have got a gentleman come from Quebec, in partnership in a very good house; they are people of very great eminence, and will be very good customers: he has very large orders with me, and for the friendship and favours that I have received at your hands, I intend he shall deal as much with you as possible, therefore I should be glad you would send half a score pieces of velvets, Mr. Paterson is to see them at my house: (that was the name) Paterson, he said, was the gentleman come from Quebec. Paterson, M'Randall and Grant, he said were the partners; we were unacquainted with them then, but we enquired their characters of divers people that came from Quebec, before I sent the goods in: Mr. Cook owed me at that time upwards of 500 l. it was this house, not his character, that induced us to send in the goods; we sent in ten pieces of Manchester velvets, of different colours to Mr. Cook's in Sife-lane; this was either the latter end of January last, or the beginning of February: we entered them down in a pocket memorandum book, when we delivered them out (that book is in the hands of our assignees.) I sent,
"Please to receive ten pieces of Manchester velvets, as under, for Mr. Paterson to look at;" then followed the numbers. On the 24th of February, he sent his servant, 
               
                  John 
                  Rice 
               



            , with a bit of paper, whereon was wrote the numbers of 7 of the pieces, and underwrote at the bottom, for Paterson, M'Randall, and Grant; these were the seven pieces Mr. Paterson had chose out of the ten.
Q. Whose hand-writing was it?
Hodgson. That I cannot tell; Rice was apprentice to the prisoner then I believe: the numbers did not tally with ours: we sent it back again, to have the mistake rectified, imagining he had put down some numbers of other people: he brought 7 numbers a second time, which then were not right; he went back again, and came a third time with 7 numbers, then they were exactly right; they were 7 of the pieces we had sent in; he desired we would make out the bill of parcels, and send it in: I made out the bill of parcels, and, to the best of my remembrance, I delivered it to Mr. Cook himself, that he might sign it, and deliver it to Mr. Paterson (that is the usual method). I made my bill upon Messrs. Paterson, M'Randall, and Grant. I believe that afternoon, or the next day, I asked Mr. Cook for the other three pieces? Mr. Cook said, he had had an order from Amsterdam, and he had sent them, and I must put them to his account; they suited him for another order he had from Amsterdam; he said, he himself was to be made debtor (which very reluctantly I did). I told him, he was so much indebted to us, that I did not chuse to go any farther, and I thought he used us very ungenerously; he said, he would soon make it up to us, and pay us every farthing. I was to give credit two months: when it wanted about a week, or ten days, of two months. I went to the New-York coffee-house, and enquired for Mr. Paterson. I was answered by Mr. Clark, the master of the house, he had been gone almost a fortnight for Quebec. I was a good deal surprized, and immediately went to Mr. Cook, and told him of it; and asked him how he could take up goods for such a person, when he was sensible to himself, he was gone out of the Kingdom? he said, he was sure it was a mistake; it was an oversight, he must have forgot it; he was a very good man, a very punctual man, and I need not be the least uneasy about my money; and to the best of my remembrance, he said, he certainly must have left orders with either Mr. Bond or Mr. Vanderhagen to pay that money, for he imagined something called him away sooner than he intended to go, for he had not paid him his charges, and he was not the least uneasy about it. Mr. Cook called upon me a few days before he became a bankrupt, and shewed me a bill for 530. or 531 l. or thereabouts, drawn by 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cook 
               



             and Co. payable to their own order, at 3 or 4 months, I am not quite clear in that: he desired I would get it discounted for him, and he would pay me 300 l. to account; I told him, I believed it was impossible to get it done, but I would try, and accordingly I took the bill: he said, how much do I owe you? let me see, said I; that you shall soon see; I opened the ledger, and drew out, to the best of my remembrance, an account of the different sums and debts: as I was going to cast them up, said he, you have been uneasy about Paterson, M'Randall and Grant; you talked of sending full powers against them, I should be sorry to have them affronted, for I am certain they will pay; and perhaps next packet, or a packet or two, may bring remittances; but I'll tell you what, If you will discount me this bill, and give me the difference, which will set me at liberty, add Paterson, M'Randall, and Grant to my account, and I'll pay you.
Q. What did he mean by liberty?
Hodgson. He was a little necessitated for cash at that time.
Q. What was the difference?
Hodgson. The difference was about 130 l. which would have been coming to me: I under-wrote at the bottom, to the best of my remembrance, Paterson and Co. or Paterson, M'Randall and Grant, 101 l. 3 s. 9 d. the value of 7 pieces of velvets; he went away with this account, and the next day he called upon me again; I had the bill with me: I immediately went with the bill to a merchant, to ask him to discount it; he said, he did not like the parties, but if I was urgent upon him, he could not refuse me to discount it, but had rather not, for some particular reasons. I did not urge him any more to do it, but brought the bill back. Mr. Cook came to me the next day, I think, and asked me if I had discounted the bill? I told him, I had not, and believed it was not in my power just then: he said, he had got a friend that would do it immediately, one Mr. Aderly (a person I did not know): he desired me to let him have the bill, and said, if I would go with him to the Rainbow coffee-house, Cornhill, I should not come out of the house till I had all the money. I went with him there: to the best of my remembrance, he enquired if Mr. Aderly had been there? he was answered, no: he desired me to stay a bit, and he would be back again immediately, and I should be sure of my money, before I returned home. I staid; he took the bill and went out, but never came back to me again. I saw him but once after that, before he became a bankrupt: that was at the Queen's Arms, in St. Paul's Church yard; then he promised me certainly that I should not lose a farthing by him.
Q. How long did you wait for him?
Hodgson. I waited there, I believe, 3 hours; I told him at the Queen's Arms, of his behaviour to me, and likewise that he would ruin me: he went from thence to his brother's, I apprehend; but he was a bankrupt that night, or the night following. One Lyon, a foreman of his, came to us, I think, the day after he was a bankrupt, (I am not quite clear to the day), and gave us an account, by order of his master, of what was become of the number of goods he had had of us. I told the prisoner in the King's Bench, we had made application to have recovered these goods back again, by virtue of Lyon's information, but we could not come at them. I told him what Lyon had informed me: he made this answer, D - n them all, a pack of villains, they have ruined me (meaning the people into whose hands he had put the goods) which were 
               
                  Levi 
                  Norden 
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Jacob 
               



            , 
               
                  Moses 
                  Levi 
               



            , and 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Abrahams 
               



            , four Jews: he said, he had been obliged to send them there to support himself, and that there were all the goods that he had bought of us formerly, in all, twenty-five pieces of velvets: he said, they were in the hands of 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Abrahams 
               



            , for an account of 
               
                  Levi 
                  Norden 
               



            : we immediately applied to Mr. Alderman Nelson for a warrant: we found these very goods, that should have gone to Quebec, were in their hands, in that manner. We had a warrant granted against Cook, and I endeavoured to take him before he was surrendered into the King's Bench, but could not. He was, I think, the next day, sent to the King's Bench; in discharge of his bail, he surrendered himself. My partner and I applied to Mr. 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Abrahams 
               



            , with Mr. Young, an attorney, but did not get the goods.
Q. Did you see them there?
Hodgson. No, we did not. I saw the prisoner in the Borough, and told him, he was a very great rascal, and ought to be made an example of I saw some of the goods at Guild-hall, at the finishing his examination: he was asked in Guild-hall, what he did with all the goods he had of us? said he, there is an account of them all in my examination: he was asked more particularly, what he did with those 7 pieces, which he had in the name of Paterson, M'Randall, and Grant? his answer was, they were in the hands of the Jews. I asked him, Did Mr. Paterson ever give you such an or der to buy them goods? he answered, no. I heard him say this several times, that they were in the hands of the Jews, and that he had no order from Mr. Paterson to buy them. He sent to me once from the King's Bench, to come over to him, to pay me part of the money; he offered me 30 l. and said he should be glad to make it up, saying, why should there be any animosity between us?
Q. Have you any account of the numbers and qualities of the pieces?
Hodgson. (He produced a book.) This is my day-book. This is my hand-writing, dated the 27th of February, the day that 
               
                  John 
                  Rice 
               



             brought us the account. (He reads the numbers, colours, yards, and prices of the pieces, which amount to 101 l. 3 s. 9 d.) The other three pieces I entered to his own account.
On his cross examination he said, he never looked upon the prisoner as debtor for the 7 pieces, which he had charged to Paterson, M'Randall and Grant, and that the prisoner was debtor to him above 600 l. exclusive of the 101 l. 3 s. 9 d.


                  Thomas 
                  Roebuck 
               



            . I was in partnership with Mr. Hodgson; (He confirmed the evidence of Hodgson, with this addition) that three or four days after the prisoner had discovered the 7 pieces were not gone abroad, that he came to the prosecutor's warehouse, and pulled out a bundle of papers; among them were the particulars of all the velvets he had had of them; that he saw the particular paper of the ten pieces, that they were at 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Abrahams 
               



            's, a Jew's house, in Poor Jury-lane, and that one Lyon, the prisoner's servant, had that paper delivered up again to him; and at the same time the prisoner produced the bill of parcels, which was wrote by them for Paterson, M'Randall and Grant; at which time, he plainly saw he was tricked out of the velvets; upon which, he applied to Mr. Alderman Nelson for a warrant.


                  William 
                  Lyon 
               



            . I was foreman to Mr. Cook. In January and February last, I remember some velvets being sent from Mr. Hodgson's, to Mr. Cook's, ten or twelve pieces; there was a bill of parcels sent.
Q. Is it in your possession?
Lyon. It is not now.
Q. Who were made debtors?
Lyon. Paterson, M'Randall, and Grant.
Q. What became of those velvets, when brought to your master's?
Lyon. Mr. Paterson was at my master's; my master did business for him: he looked over sundry sorts of goods; to the best of my knowledge, he looked over them velvets.
Q. What Mr. Paterson do you mean?
Lyon. I mean the partner to M'Randall and Grant.
Q. What became of these velvets?
Lyon. These velvets, after Mr. Paterson had looked at them, were sent to one Abraham's.
Q. By whose order?
Lyon. By order of Mr. Cook.
Q. For what purpose?
Lyon. I can't tell.
Q. Have you not declared you knew for what purpose they were sent there?
Lyon. No, I never did.
Q. Did you not know what your master sent them there for?
Lyon. No.
Q. What is Abrahams?
Lyon. He is a Jew.
Q. What is his business?
Lyon. I do not know.
Q. Did Mr. Cook ever deal with Abrahams before?
Lyon. No, not to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Was you the person that carried them there?
Lyon. No, I was not.
Q. Then what is your reason for knowing Mr. Cook sent them there?
Lyon. By a memorandum which my master ordered me to make.
Q. What was that memorandum?
Lyon. To take down the numbers.
Q. What was your master's expression?
Lyon. He ordered me to send them to Mr. Abrahams's, and to take an account of them; there were other things sent.
Q. What at that time?
Lyon. I cannot say there were at that time.
Q. Did he say any thing about having money upon them?
Lyon. No.
Q. Did you ask him no questions?
Lyon. No.
Q. Who were they sent by?
Lyon. I believe they were sent by our porter.
Q. Are you sure they were sent?
Lyon. They were sent.
Q. Did you see them afterwards?
Lyon. No, I never did.
Q. What became of them?
Lyon. I do not know.
Q. How long was you servant to Mr. Cook?
Lyon. I was servant to him almost four years.
Q. Were there regular accounts kept?

Lyon. As to the packing-book, there were; I had nothing to do with the ledger.
Q. Was there such a book in the accompting-house?
Lyon. I believe there was.
Q. What is become of these several books?
Lyon. I believe they are in the possession of the assignees.
Q. Did your master do business for Paterson and Co.?
Lyon. Yes.
Q. Is that business entered?
Lyon. I take it, it is
Q. What was it that was entered in the packing-book?
Lyon. That was what was done in the warehouse.
Q. Are you sure your master has done business for Paterson?
Lyon. To the best of my knowledge, he has sent to my master to have parcels come in to look at.
Q. Do you know Mr. Paterson has given Mr. Cook such orders?
Lyon. I know he has.
Q. Do you mean now to say (for observe, Mr. Paterson is not gone for ever) that you was ever present when Mr. Paterson gave Mr. Cook such orders?
Lyon. No, I was not.
Q. Do you remember any goods brought in from Messrs. Roebuck and Hodgson?
Lyon. I do, several parcels.
Q. Can you tell how they were disposed of?
Lyon. I cannot tell how all of them were.
Q. Are you acquainted with Mr. Abrahams?
Lyon. I am not, any farther than seeing him.
Q. How many times may you have seen him at your master's warehouse?
Lyon. I may have seen him ten times.
Q. Do you not know what profession he is of?
Lyon. I do not.
Q. Upon your oath, do not you know he is a person that lends money upon goods?
Lyon. Upon my oath I never did know that.
Q. Nor that he procured money to be lent on goods?
Lyon. No, I never knew he did.
Q. Did you produce a piece of paper from Mr. Cook to Mr. Roebuck, of the numbers and colours of the pieces of velvets?
Lyon. I did, before my master went to Guild-hall.
Q. Where are the papers?
Lyon. They have not been in my possession since.
Q. Can you tell the contents of them?
Lyon. I have a copy of them.
Q. Produce the copy of that relating to the seven articles, that relates to those goods?
Lyon. It begins No. 1521; this is a copy of that paper that I delivered to Mr. Roebuck (producing a paper.)
Q. How came you to recollect it?
Lyon. It was by the order of my master, when they were sent out.
Q. Now look on that paper?
Lyon. It is dated January 28, 1763.
Q. Whose hand writing is it?
Lyon. This is my own hand-writing.
Q. What does that date allude to; to what transaction?
Lyon. Those were two velvets that were sent to Mr. Abrahams's.
Q. How long had those pieces of goods, that Mr. Paterson looked at, been in your master's house, before they were sent to Mr. Abrahams's?
Lyon. They were delivered out January 31; I can't tell how many days they had been in our warehouse.
Q. How long do you think?
Lyon. It might be about a fortnight.
Q. Were they ever shipped on board for Mr. Paterson?
Lyon. No.
Q. Was nothing done with these goods relative to Paterson and Co.?
Lyon. No, nothing relative to them.
Counsel for Prosecutor. Then by the first remove they were sent away to Abrahams's?
Lyon. They were.
Cross Examination.
Q. Is it usual for a packer to procure goods for gentlemen to look at?
Lyon. It is.
Q. Do they often give general orders, and leave it to the packer, to procure him what he can to the best advantage?
Lyon. They very often do, and they are brought to the packer's house for inspection. Mr. Paterson looked at these before they were sent to Abrahams's.
Q. Have you seen Paterson often?
Lyon. I have.
Q. What sort of a man is Mr. Paterson?
Lyon. He is a hard-favoured man, pitted with the small-pox; I have seen him many a time.
Q. Tall or short?
Lyon. A little tallish.

Q. A full or spare man?
Lyon. Of a spare order, I think.
Q. Fair or brown?
Lyon. Brown.
Q. Where did he lodge?
Lyon. I don't know.
Q. What coffee-house did he use?
Lyon. I do not know. I know nothing farther than seeing him at my master's warehouse.
Q. Had your master any correspondence with him when at Quebec?
Lyon. I cannot tell. He had done business for him about a year before.
Q. What month?
Lyon. I can't tell the month: it was much about the same time of the year.
Q. What age might Mr. Paterson be?
Lyon. I believe he may be about 40.
Q. Can you recollect his dress?
Lyon. No; he had woollen cloaths.
Q. How long was you foreman?
Lyon. Almost 4 years.
Q. Did your master use to do business with other Jews, besides Abrahams?
Lyon. I believe there were some other Jews that he did business with.
Q. What is their business?
Lyon. I do not know.
Q. Upon your oath do you not know upon what account goods were sent to either of these Jews?
Lyon. Upon my oath, I do not.
Q. Did you go with any of them?
Lyon. I went with some of them.
Q. What did you do when you went?
Lyon. I left the goods.
Q. Did you never receive any money?
Lyon. One time I did.
Q. Was it for goods?
Lyon. For goods.
Q. How much money?
Lyon. About 50 l. or upwards.
Q. Were any of Roebuck's goods in that parcel?
Lyon. I cannot say there were.
Q. In what way did you deal with the Jew for that 50 l.
Lyon. I brought money back.
Q. Was it paid for the goods you carried?
Lyon. I can't take upon me to say it was.
Q. What order had you, when you carried the goods?
Lyon. I had orders to leave them, and I was to receive some money.
Q. Was not the sum mentioned to you by your master?
Lyon. No.
Q. How then was it?
Lyon. I suppose it was upon an agreement, as agreed upon by my master.
Q. Was it for the things?
Lyon. I suppose it was.
Q. Did your master order you to receive 50 l. or to get what you could?
Lyon. I was to receive the money that gentleman might give me.
Q. What gentleman?
Lyon. Mr. Levi, a Jew; I don't know what business he is.
Q. Had you a bill of parcels?
Lyon. I had not.
Q. Does your master, when he sells goods, usually send a bill of parcels?
Lyon. I do not know that he sells any.


                  Abraham 
                  Abrahams 
               



            . I am extremely well acquainted with Mr. Cook, and have known him about 16 months.
Q. Have you had any dealings with him?
Abrahams. I have not; but I have lost money by him.
Q. Have you never advanced him money upon goods?
Abrahams. No, never; I have discounted him a note of 65 l. and another of 80 l.
Q. What is your business?
Abrahams. I am a jeweller by trade.
Q. Do you know Lyon?
Abrahams. I have known him as long as I have Mr. Cook.
Q. Do you remember, in the month of January last, any velvets coming to your house?
Abrahams. That I do very well: it was ten pieces of Manchester velvets.
Q. Where did they come from?
Abrahams. They came from Mr. Cook, for Mr. Norden: Mr. Norden and I being acquaintance, he had different notes, to the amount of 500 l. some of them by Mr. Hodgson, and some were indorsed by Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Solomon 
               



            . Mr. Hodgson applied for his money, but could not have any; Mr. Norden sued all these people together: after that, Mr. Cook came to me, and desired I would speak to Mr. Norden for him. Mr. Norden said, if he would give him security, he would give him time; he sent him in some cloth at first, which he said was worth a thousand pounds; this was all done with the advice of Mr. Kelley, an attorney; he 
               
                  drew
               


             the articles, and they were left with Mr. Norden for security; and if Mr. Cook did not fetch them in such a time, they should be sold by public auction. He sent in some velvets, to make the security the stronger; at the same time, the first paper was cancelled, and a new one drawn upon stamp'd paper, for velvets, cloths, and linnen: there were about 300 l. made out of all these goods.
Q. Can you recollect the time the velvets came to you?
Abrahams. I cannot. It was in January.
Q. Where were they sent from?
Abrahams. They were sent from Mr. Cook; they were given for a security for the foregoing debt of 500 l.
Q. Were they pawned?
Abrahams. No, they were not.
Q. How came they to be sent to your house?
Abrahams. Mr. Norden at the same time had no house in the city, he lived in the country; he desired me, as I lived there, to let them be there: had he lived in the city, he would have taken them home.
Q. Were they brought there as a deposit for Paterson and Co.
Abrahams. No, they were not. Mr. Cook said, they were his velvets, and he gave them as a security; and they were afterwards sold at Mr. Gear's, at an auction.
Counsel for the Prisoner. We admit that Mr. Gear sold these ten pieces of velvets; so you need not call him.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
For the Prisoner.


                  Samuel 
                  Byerman 
               



            . I was book-keeper to the prisoner; I know he had transactions with Mr. Paterson of Quebeck, for two years past, to the best of my knowledge.
Q. Has he had orders from him?
Byerman. He has.
Q. What orders?
Byerman. I can't remember the particulars; he was in our 'counting-house with Mr. Cook and me, in January, 1763. Mr. Cook said, Mr. Paterson, have you looked at these velvets? he said, I have, but they will not do for me. Mr. Cook said, I am sorry for it; I thought they might; upon which, the prisoner prevailed upon him to come and look at them again, which Mr. Paterson promised he would do the next day, if possible, or the day after.
Q. Did he come again?
Byerman. I can't tell whether he did or not, because I did not attend there but once or twice a week.
Q. What is Mr. Paterson?
Byerman. He is a merchant at Quebec; he was indebted to Mr. Cook; I have the ballance in my pocket.
Q. How much was he indebted?
Byerman. He was indebted to Mr. Cook 74 l. he had paid him 50 l. before he went there; it was Paterson, M'Randall and Grant.
Cross Examination.
Q. Do you remember the goods coming in to Mr. Cook's?
Byerman. I do not. My business was only to keep the ledger and journal: Mr. Paterson used to give orders to Mr. Cook, to get him such and such goods to look at: if they were liked, they were ordered; if not, they were returned back.
Q. Do you know what became of these ten pieces of velvets?
Byerman. I thought it was seven pieces.
Q. Did not you write out the account of these goods to the assignees, and what became of them?
Byerman. I have wrote out all, as far as Mr. Cook revealed to me.
Q. Did he reveal to you what is become of these seven pieces?
Byerman. He did not.
Q. Do you know what velvets those were that Paterson looked at?
Byerman. No, I do not know.
Q. You say Mr. Cook asked Mr. Paterson, if he had looked at the velvets; can you tell whether they were talking of these velvets?
Byerman. I cannot in particular tell whether they were or not; but at that time Mr. Cook had no other velvets but them.
Q. Do you know what particular velvets Mr. Cook had in his warehouse?
Byerman. I do not; I have seen divers pieces in the warehouse.
Q. How many pieces?
Byerman. It may be ten, a dozen, or fifteen pieces.


                  John 
                  Rice 
               



            . I lived with Mr. Cook. I remember something of Mr. Paterson; I have seen him at our warehouse.
Q. When?
Rice. About January, the beginning or latter end; he came to look over some goods; I saw him look over some velvets, that I think came from Hodgson and Roebuck.
Q. What velvets?
Rice. I can't particularly say whether they were Manchester velvets; I did not look at them.

Cross Examination.
Q. How long did you live with Mr. Cook?
Rice. I was an apprentice to him.
Q. Can you fix the time when Mr. Paterson was there?
Rice. I cannot.
Q. Was it before or after Shrovetide?
Rice. I can't say which.
Q. How long had the velvets been brought in, before Mr. Paterson looked at them?
Rice. I believe they were not brought in above a fortnight before he looked at them.
Q. Do you know of any orders given by Mr. Paterson?
Rice. No, I do not.
Q. How long between his looking at them, and your carrying a slip of paper to Mr. Hodgson?
Rice. I cannot particularly say how long.
Q. Did you book them when you received them?
Rice. No, I did not.
Q. Did Mr. Paterson chuse any of these goods?
Rice. No, he did not.
Q. Did he after that time?
Rice. Nor after, to my remembrance.
Q. How long after the time Mr. Paterson had seen these goods, and you went with a note of the number of the goods to Mr. Hodgson?
Rice. That I cannot tell.
Q. Supposing the numbers right, what was the paper to prove?
Rice. I did not open the paper.
Q. When you came there, did you examine his books, to see whether they agreed?
Rice. I do not remember that I did.
Q. Do you know that the first paper turned out wrong, and you went back again?
Rice. I believe I did.
Q. Do you remember coming a second time, and that being wrong?
Rice. I can't call that to mind.
Q. Do you remember going a third time, when it turned out right?
Rice. I can't tell how many times I went there; I know I went several times.
Q. Do you remember going several times in one day?
Rice. I do not remember that.
Q. Was your carrying that paper before or after Mr. Paterson had seen the goods?
Rice. I think it was after.
Q. For what purpose did you carry that paper?
Rice. To satisfy Mr. Hodgson and Roebuck of the goods.
Q. Was it to satisfy Mr. Hodgson and Roebuck, that Paterson had chose the goods?
Rice. (No answer.)
Q. Do not you know what these notes were sent for?
Rice. It was to satisfy them about the lengths of them; I know no farther.
Q. Was it not to satisfy them which pieces Mr. Paterson had chose?
Rice. I don't know.
Q. How many pieces were delivered?
Rice. I don't know.
Q. Can you tell the day you carried the note?
Rice. No, I cannot.
Q. Can you tell within a week?
Rice. I cannot.


                  John 
                  Fox 
               



            . Mr. Cook and Mr. Roebuck were at my house last April; Mr. Cook was obliged to leave his house; I married his sister, he came to my house, and was there some time: Mr. Roebuck came to me more times than one, and desired me to use my interest with him to make him satisfaction for some money he was indebted to him.
Q. What was the sum?
Fox. To the best of my remembrance, it was above 600 l. that he owed Hodgson and him; he came frequently to my house, and begged I would use my interest for him, as I was a relation, to give him some security, or some satisfaction for the debt.
Q. Do you remember any thing of a bill being delivered by Mr. Roebuck?
Fox. I do.
Q. Look at this paper. (He takes it in his hand).
Fox. This is it, to the best of my knowledge; I read it at that time: I remember the circumstance of a large sum added to the other; this account was what he said he should suffer by him, in case he went off, or were a bankrupt.
Q. Was that bill delivered, as containing a particular account of that sum that he said the prisoner was indebted to him?
Fox. I understood it so: this was delivered at the second meeting, I believe.
Mr. Marston. Mr. Cook desired I would go to Mr. Hodgson, and offer him, in behalf of Mr. Cook, 30 l. in order to discharge the warrant which he was charged with in the King's Bench; Mr. Hodgson said he would discharge him, in case he would make up the whole sum: I afterwards saw him in the King's Bench; he was then willing to discharge him, if he would raise the money he wanted.

Hodgson. I did write at the bottom of my bill, by Cook's desire, that of Paterson, Messrs. Randall and Grant, 101 l. 3 s. 9 d. but never charged that as a debt due from the prisoner: it stands as a separate article which I had booked to Paterson and Co.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
