





429. (M) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Buckinghorn 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six linen shirts, value 4 d. two pair of worsted stockings, value 2 d. one linen sheet, value 2 d. and one pair of leather shoes, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     French 
                  




                
            . August 21
. ++


                  James 
                  French 
               



            . I am a shoemaker
: the prisoner came into my house on the 16th of August, and told me she was recommended by my next door neighbour, for whom she did business, and asked me if I would employ her in any thing I had to do; I told her I had no manner of objection: she took a broom and swept the rooms, and went away for that day: the next day she came and lighted a fire and got breakfast, and went away for that day: I did not intend her as a constant servant. Thus she went on some days. I had looked out some things, expecting she would wash them one day or another: she came on the Friday, and the Tuesday after, my apprentice miss'd two shirts: she came the next morning about nine; she put on a boiler; I thought she was going to wash; she went away and left it on the fire, and I saw no more of her till three in the afternoon; then Mrs. Welch, who had recommended her, came and asked for her; I said I should detain her when I saw her, for I had miss'd some things; which were four shirts, two pair of stockings, and a sheet: Mrs. Welch turn'd short, and went away, and return'd in about an hour, with two of the shirts, and said, Here are two of your shirts, and I know where some of the other things are in pawn; in about an hour after, she came and shoved the prisoner into my house, and said to her, There you have robb'd the man; defend yourself. I told her she should not go out till she was conducted out by an officer. I sent for one, and gave him charge of her: she made and excuse to go backwards into my kitchen, and in her return she stole one of the shirts that Mrs. Welch had just brought home: I saw it found upon her the next day, before the bench of justices in Whitechapel; we found a pair of shoe pawned by her with my mark upon them, my property. The pawnbroker is not here: she had pledged a shirt at a chandler's shop for eighteen-pence, which I have got again; the prisoner acknowledged she had taken the things.


                  Samuel 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I am the officer that was sent for to take the prisoner in custody: in searching her, this shirt was found upon her (Produced and deposed to.)


                  Elizabeth 
                  Welch 
               



            . I saw this shirt found upon the prisoner before the justices in Whitechapel: I had that shirt and another from the prisoner's own hands: I heard her own to the shoes, and that she had given the shirts and two pair of stockings to a woman to pawn.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of these things; I owned to but one shirt, and that I intended to have brought home again.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
