






279, 280. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Welch 
                  




                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Woodcock 
                  




                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 7 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  Eliz 
                  Flavawn 
               




             , widow
, April 26
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Flavawn 
               



            . I live in Brick-lane


, and keep a chandler's shop
: all I know is, that the 7 s. is my property; I was then out of the way.


                  Anne 
                  Rowlet 
               



            . On Thursday, in the evening, the 26th of April, I was sitting at work in the kitchen, and heard somebody whisper in the shop: I threw down my work, and ran into the shop; there were the two prisoners; before I could speak to them, they asked me if I sold eggs? I said yes they asked how I sold them? I said some eight a groat, and some at ten: they said they wanted some at twelve a groat. I looked down, and saw a print of a muddy foot behind the counter, and the till was open: I went and looked in it, there was 5 s. gone; I looked in the other till, and there were 2 s. gone out of that: I directly charged them with taking it, and shewed them the print of the foot: one of them said, I'll be d - d if I have it, I'll be searched, for I have as honest a father and mother as you: they went out, and I went to the door, and called Stop thief; the next door neighbour pursued and catched one that was concerned with them, that stood at the door, and did not come in: he impeached the prisoners, and the next morning they were taken.
Q. How old are the prisoners?
A. Rowlet. One is thirteen: the other a little above.


                  Christian 
                  Cavisier 
               



            . I and the two prisoners were coming along Brick-lane, they went in to buy some eggs, and took an opportunity to rob the till; I was out at the door, and saw Woodcock go round the counter; they went in with a design to rob the shop.


                  William 
                  Davis 
               



            . I was standing at my own door: two boys went into the prosecutrix's shop, and another stood at the door; the maid by and by came to the door, and cried out, saying, they had robbed the till: I ran and took the evidence.


                  John 
                  Chapman 
               



            . I am the officer that had the prisoners in charge: I searched Woodcock, and found 7 s. in his pocket (produced in court); I took them both in bed, on the information of the evidence: they owned before 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Garret 
               



             they had taken 7 s. in this shop, all in shillings.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not in the shop
            . 



               T
            . 
