





159. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Stokes 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three bushels of malt, value 6 s. and one hempen sack, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Higley 
                  




                
            , Feb. 2
. ++


                  John 
                  Higley 
               



            . I am a malster
; I live at Walham-green. On the first of this instant I had been at Bear-key market; I had intelligence that I had lost a sack of malt; I went as directed to Hammersmith, and found one of my sacks with some malt in it, at Mr. Major's, a coffee-house; there I also found the prisoner, who was my servant; he said he had a sack over in his barge; I asked him what right he had to bring it there, he owned it was my malt.


                  Richard 
                  Major 
               



            . I keep a coffee-house at Hammersmith. On Monday the second of this instant I was desired to go to a chandler's shop over the way, where they sell corn, to enquire after a sack of malt that was offered to the woman to sell; there was the prisoner and the malt; the woman is a woman in years; I asked her if she would let me have the bargain, not being willing to take the prisoner there to surprize the woman; the prisoner said, I might have the malt; I said, if he would take it over to my house I would; when we came there, there were two or three neighbours of mine; I desired of them privately to see if they knew the man, he being a stranger to me; some knew him, some did not; I desired them to stay with him while I got an officer; I got one; then I asked him how he came by the malt; (there was J. Higley at length on the sack) the prisoner said it was Mr. Higley's sack, of Walham-green: I sent for Mr. Higley; he came; then the prisoner acknowledged the malt to be Mr. Higley's property; we brought him to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; it being late, he was put into Covent-garden Round-house; the next morning he was taken to Sir John, and committed; he owned there, that it was Mr. Higley's sack and malt; first he said it was sweepings, and that it belonged to the servant; then he said it was a sack over tale; that I understood by him to be thus, that if the servant lost a sack, he must make it good; and if they could get a sack over and above, that was their property.
Prisoner's defence.
It was sweepings that I swept up in the barge, time after time, and I saved it till it came to almost a sack; I thought I had better save it than throw it away; I was in liquor, and frighted when they talked to me, that I did not know what I said.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
