





471. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Scott , otherwise 
Piggot




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing two silver-handle table knives, value 10 s. and three silver-handle forks, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Panton 
                  




                
            , Esq
; July 7
. ++
Mr. White. I am a servant to the prosecutor. I was not at home when the robery was committed. On the 7th of July, Mr. Barear came and asked if we had lost a fork; I went down and looked, and missed two knives and three forks. He brought the prisoner with him. He was searched, and two knives and two forks were found upon him. I never saw the prisoner before that time to my knowledge. We took him before the Justice, and he was committed.


                  Abraham 
                  Barear 
               



            . I am foreman to a silversmith. The prisoner brought this fork to our shop to sell, he said it belonged to the Duke of Beaufort, and the porter gave it him, either to sell or pawn, and bring him back the money. ( The knives and forks produced, and deposed to as the prosecutor's property.)


                  Edward 
                  Hall 
               



            . I am the keeper of Clerkenwell Bridewell. I was at Mr. Welch's office when the prisoner was brought in. I went with him to Mr. Panton's, as he said he had the fork there; he was searched there, and two knives and two forks were taken out of his pocket; he owned he took them out of a room below stairs.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been haymaking, and coming out of the country I met a woman, named 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thompson 
               



            , who gave me those things to sell for her, and when they took hold of me, she ran away, and I never saw her from that day to this.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
