





387. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chaney 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pepper castor, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Morris 
                  




                
            , May 16
. ||


                  George 
                  Morris 
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and live in Westmoreland Buildings, Aldersgate-Street


. On Whitsun-Tuesday, early in the morning, my maid told me she saw our watchman in our shop; that is, the prisoner at the bar. We missed a silver pepper caster, which we used to use in common. I took the prisoner up, and before my Lord Mayor he denied it in such a manner, that I thought him innocent, but the very next day he was discovered selling it.


                  Sarah 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Morris. As I was in my room I saw a light in our house. I got up, and through a glass window I saw a man, I believe it was the prisoner with his lanthorn in his hand, go out at the back door and pull it gently too after him. He was the watchman at our door. In the morning, between six and seven, we missed our pepper castor.


                  Isaac 
                  Pinfold 
               



            . I am a goldsmith in Newgate-Street. On the second of June the prisoner brought this pepper castor to me to sell. He said he brought it from a poor woman that was going into Dulwich Almshouses. I weighed it, and gave him fourteen shillings and eight-pence for it. A person came into the shop, and said he knew that pepper castor to belong to Mr. Mo rris. I sent for Mr. Morris, and asked him to describe the castor, which he did before I shewed it him. The prisoner was then secured and committed. (Produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)
Prisoner's Defence.
A gentleman that lodged there coming home very much in liquor desired me to get him some brandy to wash his face with: he gave me a guinea instead of a shilling; I came back and gave it him, and he gave me a shilling.
Prosecutor. He had seen that gentleman home to my house that night, and whether the prisoner shut the door fast at going out I know not. That gentleman is now in the country.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
