





299. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 17 pieces of Irish linen cloth, value 30 s. 12 handkerchiefs, value 24 s. two pieces of cotton, two pieces of cheque, three pieces of muslin, one piece of Scotch cloth, and four muslin handkerchiefs, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Marks 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Viney 
                        



                      
                  , privately in their shop
            , Oct. 12
.~


                  John 
                  Viney 
               



            . I live in York-street, Covent garden; I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Marks 
               



            , we are linen-drapers

. On the 12th of this month we were informed, the prisoner at the bar (who was our porter
) was often sending parcels to his sister, who lived at Kingston in Surry, consisting of several articles in the linen drapery way. I went to Kingston to the sister's mistress; she was called into the parlour; I asked her with respect to parcels sent her by her brother; and upon examination found she had got several things with our own marks upon them, which I can swear to, and several not marked, which I have great reason to believe are our own property.
Q. Mention the things you can swear to.
[The goods produced in court.]
Viney. Here is a piece of Holland, two pieces of Irish, two pieces of cheque linen, two pieces of cotton, two pieces of muslin, and twelve handkerchiefs. I returned to London, and took out a warrant against the prisoner and searched his box, and in it we found several things, some with our marks on them, some not, [ produced in court]; then we took him before Justice Welch, there he confessed to the taking those things; he was asked at what times he took them; he said, he having the key to open the shop, used to take them early in the morning, before the journeymen came down, and that he had embraced such opportunities for three months.
Q. Was he a servant in your house?
Viney. He was.
Q. Did he acknowledge he sent these to his sister which you found there?
Viney. He did; and said, he sent them by one Cook, a waterman, and sometimes by the coach, at different times.


                  Tho 
                  Riley 
               



            . I acted as peace officer: I can say no more than what Mr. Viney has already said; I saw the things found at Kingston. The sister is committed to Kingston-gaol, to take her trial there for receiving them.
Prisoner's Defence.
What I sent to Kingston was my own.
To his Character.
Rich. Black. I have known the prisoner two years and a half; I never in my life heard any harm of him; he has the general character of an honest man for any thing that I know.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
