





553. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hudson 
                  




                
            , September 11
. ++
Robert Hudson. On Friday the 11th of September, about three in the afternoon, I was going through Newgate


, I felt some thing move in my pocket; upon which, I clapped my hand down to it, and found my handkerchief was gone; turning round, there was the prisoner; I said, I have lost my handkerchief, and I am afraid you have picked my pocket; no, said he, I have not; I said there has been no other person near me but you, and you must be the person; no, said he, but that boy did, pointing to a boy; I saw a boy standing, I went and laid hold of him, and said, you little rogue you, how dare you pick my picket, give me my handkerchief; said he, I know nothing of your handkerchief; I said I must search you, and put my hand in his pockets, there were nothing in them; then I turned round to the prisoner again, and said, you must be the person, for I had my handkerchief just before; he denied it again; I put my hand into his pocket, and pulled out a handkerchief, and found it was not mine; then I took another out of his other pocket that was not mine; then I said I would search his breeches; I opened the flap of his breeches, and there I found a blue and white one; I took it out; after that I took another out, which was mine, a red and white one, with the initial letters of my name on it (produced and deposed to;) it being in the daytime, there was a great concourse of people; I got assistance, and took him before a magistrate.

Prisoner's defence.
I found that handkerchief as I was coming through Newgate.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
