





302. (L) 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Green 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing eight pounds weight of sugar, value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of persons to the jurors unknown, October 19
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Gibbs 
               



            . I was housing sugar at Chester's-key last Monday, 
               
                  Henry 
                  Burch 
               



             brought in the prisoner with a lump of sugar, containing about two pounds. He was taken before my lord-mayor, or a sitting-alderman, and committed. When we got him in at an alehouse by the key where he uses, in the coal-hole was his great coat, in one of the pockets of the coat was about six pounds weight of sugar. There were two large pockets sewed upon the inside of the coat, sewed up at the corners, as though they were intended for a secret expedition; they were stiff with melasses.


                  Henry 
                  Burch 
               



            . I saw the prisoner come out of the buildings, with something under his apron; I suspected it to be sugar. We being accountable for all that is lost, I called to him two or three times: he made no answer 'till the third time I asked him what he had got: he said sugar. I bid him carry back; he would not, but went into the public-house, I said, where is the sugar? He said, here it is. I said, where had you it? He said, he took it out of a hogshead. I asked him to shew me the hogshead: we went together, and he shewed it to me, and was very abusive and unruly. I charged a constable with him, and took him to Guildhall, and he was committed. I went back, and weighed the hogshead, it wanted 124 pounds. Then I got a candle, and searched the coal-hole at the ale-house, where his great coat was; there was about six pounds weight more in the coat pocket. He said he would never do the like again, if I would excuse him. The coat pockets were stiffened with melasses.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I polled the casks along, the sugar tumbled out, and I took it up, because it should not be spoiled in the dirt. I put it in my great coat pocket. I have been in the warehouse with Mr. Burch several times when sugar has tumbled out upon the ground; and I have asked him if I might pick a bit up, and he has said, I had better pick it up, than to let it spoil in the dirt.

Q. to Burch. Did you give the prisoner leave to take sugar as he has said?
Burch. No, I never did.
Prisoner. Sometimes when I have had leave from gentlemen to pick some up out of the dirt, I have carried it down in my hat, that all the world might see it. Sometimes I have been in the melasses up to the ancles, and my apron has been all wet, which made my coat pockets in that condition. I have had this great coat these nine years, and never had any other than the original pockets to this very day.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


