






321. (L) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Kitching 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Alexander 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault on 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Jennings 
                        




                      
                  , jun . and putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person 9 s. in money numbered, and against his will, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Nicholas 
                        Longman 
                     



, Oct. 7
.~


                  James 
                  Fennings 
               



            , jun. I was coming down Whitechapel, on the 7th of this instant, about nine at night; I stopped to make water, and the two prisoners at the bar met me. They spoke to me; I made them no answer; but crossed the way, in order to avoid them.
Q. Did you know them before?
Jennings, jun. I never saw them before, but I know them very well. I went along on the butchers-side the way. They followed me Coming by the corner of Harrow-alley, they pulled me down the alley by force, by my arms, and said I should go along with them; one was before me, and the other behind, and they brought me to the stairs of a room, and pushed me up; I fell down all along upon the stairs, and would not go up; the stairs open into the alley.
Q. How far down the alley to the stairs?
Jennings, Jun. Seven or eight yards. I set my foot against the stairs, but they would not let me go, but pushed me by force up, and shut the door; and Kitching said D - n you, I have got you now. She husled me about very much, and wanted me to go to bed. I would not. She asked me if I had any money. I said I had none for her. She pushed me up into a corner of the room, and searched all my pockets. When she came to my righthand pocket, she took out 9 s. I told her she should not have it. She swore she would; and when I asked her for it, she said I might go and be d - d, for she had none of my money. With that I made a great noise. Then Alexander run away. Kitching bid me go down stairs about my business. I would not. She was goin to shut the room-door. I went down stairs; there were two buchers boys with candles and lanthorns. I told them two women had forced me up-stairs, and taken my money away; and one of them was gone. They went up, and asked Kitching to give me my money again. She said she had none. The constable hearing the noise came up-stairs; she at first told him I gave her the money, and then said she had none of my money. I charged him with her; he brought her into a publick-house, where she owned the had taken it from me, and told it down on the table, and the constable would not take it up. She took it up again, and I never had it. The constable sent her to the watch-house. She was after that taken before an alderman at Guildhall. The constable told the alderman she offered me the money again. After that Alexander was taken, and brought to the Mansion-house; there she said she got her living by needlework.
Q. Did she own that she was in the room at the time?
Jennings, jun. I do not know that she did.
Q. Was you sober?
Jennings, Jun. I was.
Q. How old are you?

Jennings. Jun. I was 17 years old Midsummer-day last.
Q. What did Alexander do while Kitching took your money out of your pocket?
Jennings, jun. I was so affrighted I do not know justly; I believe she was near me; they had locked the door, and taken the key out.
Q. Are you sure Alexander was in the room when the other took your money?
Jennings, jun. I cannot be positive; I cried sadly, and was much frightened.
Q. Where do you live?
Jennings, jun. I live at Leadenhall-market with my father, a poulterer; I was coming home from Whitechapel.
Q. Did you see any body in the alley?
Jennings, jun. No, I did not.


                  James 
                  Jennings 
               



            , sen. I am father to the young man; I was before Alderman Cokayne, when Alexander was there. She there owned Kitching took the money, and she lighted the candle to her at the time; but denied having any hand in it, only holding the candle. She said she came there by chance.


                  John 
                  Buckley 
               



            . I am a constable; on the 7th of October, about half an hour past nine, I was asleep in a box in my own house; I was awaked, and was told there was a great uproar, fat Moll, (that is Kitching) had beat a boy in 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Longman 
               



            's room. I went up, there was the young lad, Kitching, a butcher's apprentice, and a tallow-chandler's servant; I asked what was the matter? The boy was almost crying; he said, he had been robbed of 9 s. and 3 d. halfpenny, and the 3 d. halfpenny she had returned. I did not at first tell him I was a constable, 'till I heard what he said. Said he, I wish I could get a constable. Are you sure, said I, this woman has robbed you? Yes, said he. Then I said, I am a constable. He immediately gave charge of her; I took her to my house, and sent for three or four watchmen, and sent her to the watch-house. When she found she must go, though she had denied taking the money before, she began to pull the money, and said, What am I to have for slogging of him? After that I took Alexander; she before the alderman said, She unfortunately light the candle to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Kitching 
               



            , but did not say for what; she said it was to guide her up-stairs, but she did not touch the boy.


                  Mary 
                  Huntley 
               



            . I live in the room under the chamber were the robbery was done; I came home to go to bed, between eight and nine at night; I presently heard a great noise over my head; I heard a strange husling upon the stairs a long time; at last I heard them in the room, and the door shut. I then soon heard the boy cry out. he was robbed. I got out of my bed, put on my gown, and came to the door; then the constable and others were up in the room, and had got Kitching. This was the room of 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Longman 
               



            ; I have often seen the fat prisoner there, named Kitching.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did you lose any halfpence?
Prosecutor. I did not think to mention them, because she gave me them again; and she laid down the other money, but the constable would would not let me take it, but said I must go before my lord mayor.
Kitching's Defence.
I had been out with a peck of oysters, and was going home; this young man followed us both up the alley; I asked him what he wanted? I was going to 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Longman 
               



            's room; he being an old acquaintance of my husband's and mine; the door was left open. When I saw the young man behind me, I desired him to go down stairs again. As to his money, I never saw a halfpenny of it. He asked me if I would oblige him. I said I would not in any thing, and bid him go about his business.
Alexander's Defence.
This young man came up to us; she asked me to go along with her, and we went all three together.
Kitching 

               guilty of felony
            , Alexander 

               acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


