





313. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Clews 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 30 s. one Mahogany tea chest. value 2 s. two silk aprons, value 5 s. one linnen apron, value 5 s. two linnen sleeves, value 3 d. two other linnen aprons, value 3 s. eighteen pieces of brass, value 1 s. two guineas and five shillings in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Griffith 
                  




                
            , October 10
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Griffith 
               



            . My husband's name is William; on the 10th of October, we lost the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name) the prisoner used to come every night till the night we were robb'd for a week before, and us'd to stay till we lock'd up the door; but the night we were robb'd she went away betwixt six and seven o'clock; I suspected she had taken them, because she had bought herself some new things, and she also being a person of bad same. I went to justice Welch, and got a warrant, and took her up, and charged her with taking them; and she own'd she did take them before several people.
Q. How did she say she took them?
E. Griffith. She said she came in at the back door, and we locked her in the house, and she took and carried all the things to her lodgings; we took her up but last night; she had pawn'd the watch, and here is a pawnbroker in court with whom she has pawn'd two white aprons, and one black silk apron, which he would not deliver; I ask'd her what she had done with the money; and she said she had spent that.
Q. What is your business?
E. Griffith. We keep a public house
.


                  John 
                  Clark 
               



            . I am beedle of Clarkenwell; Mrs. Griffith denied me to go along with her, her husband being now in misfortunes in Bedlam. I went, and we took the prisoner, and she charged her with taking the things mentioned; she own'd the fact; and here are part of the things which we found. I found the tea chest at the Half Moon at Islington, she delivered to us two aprons, some caps, and a pair of sleeves; she own'd she had sold the eighteen pieces of brass, which were shuffleboard pieces, for 16 d. I went to the pawnbrokers, nam'd Ellis, in Abel's buildings, Rosemary lane, for the watch, and told him it was stolen; he delivered it to me. ( produced and depos'd to by prosecutrix)
Q. How came you to go to Ellis's?
Clark. The prisoner went along with me there, and said she had pawn'd it at that house.
Thomas Hall. The prosecutrix lives opposite me; she sent for me, and said, she had been robbed, and had a suspicion of the prisoner; we got a warrant, and I went with her, and we found the prisoner at Islington; there I saw the tea chest standing on a chest of drawers; then she confessed she had taken the other things; we went according to her directions, and got the watch, and some other things produced here.
Prisoner's Defence. 
I did not pawn the watch; the woman that pawn'd them they had in custody last night, and they let her go; I know nothing about any of the things.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


