





189. (L.) 
               
                  Jane, wife
 of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Willson 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silk gown, a bed gown, a pair of ruffles, a pair of stockings, a laced handkerchief, two pieces of black silk, two bed curtains, and a damask napkin
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Goddard 
                  




               
            , Jan. 30
. ++


                  William 
                  Goddard 
               



            . I live in Three Fox-court, Long-lane


, and am a silk-dyer
; the prisoner lodged in my house about a year and a half, the things mentioned in the indictment were taken away at different times; I missed some three months ago, and some on the 30th of January last; I charged the prisoner with taking them; she owned to the fact, and promised to fetch them again; I was loth to prosecute, and being poor I let her live in the house after that; but on the 1st of February my wife missed her yellow damask gown, two pieces of black silk, and other of the things; I charged her with taking them, she owned to them all; then I took her before Justice Girdler, there she owned to the taking all the things at different times, and pawning of them.
Sarah his wife confirmed the account he had given.


                  Samuel 
                  West 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Aldersgate-street; the prisoner pledged with me a gown, a pair of sheets, a laced cap, a pair of rustles, a pair of cotton stockings, two curtains, a napkin, a piece of black silk, a handkerchief, and a worked apron, at different times, which Mrs. Goddard has owned.
Prisoner's defence.
I have worked day and night for the prosecutor's wife, and she would hardly give me a bit of bread to keep life and soul together.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
