





315. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Burnet 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three bills of exchange, amounting to 201 l. 8 s. being due and unsatisfied for, and one leather pocket-book, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Colyer 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , March 14
. ++
Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Greenough 
               



            . On the 14th of March, I delivered to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Colyer 
               



            , my late servant, who did business for me, three bills of exchange, which amounted to 201 l. 8 s. one for 101 l. 8 s. drawn by 
               
                  John 
                  Hurst 
               



             and Co. on Brothers Henselman, payable to myself, dated March 2: the other drawn by 
               
                  James 
                  Scott 
               



            , for 50 l. each, upon 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Robottom 
               



            , payable to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Bradley 
               



            , and indorsed to me by Bradley.


                  Henry 
                  Colyer 
               



            . I received these three bills of Mr. Greenough, on the 14th of March last: I put them in my pocket book, and was sent for immediately to Guild-hall


: I had not been in the hall above four or five minutes, before I missed my pocket-book out of my left hand coat pocket, when I was in the room where licences are granted: they were the property of Mr. Greenough. I immediately went and told Mr. Greenough my misfortune: he ordered me to go immediately and stop payment, which I did: I advertised them a guinea reward, and about the 3d or 4th of April, the 50 l. was found at the Blue Anchor in Little Britain, and brought to Mr. Greenough; for which I paid 5 s. 3 d. being in proportion for that. We never heard any more of it, till the 101 l. 8 s. was presented to Messrs. Henselman, on Wednesday last; this is all I know.


                  William 
                  Steward 
               



            . I received that draught for 101 l. 8 s. to keep for the prisoner, on the 4th of April last; he left it with me himself: I had lent him about five guineas before, and he left it as security for the money. About a fortnight after that, he came and told me he had been about a week in place, and was discharged, and wanted a little money, if I could supply him: I let him have a 5 s. and 3 d. Said he, if you have a mind to pay this draught away, I'll indorse it to you? he indorsed it, when it became payable, I sent it for the cash, last Wednesday; then I found it had been stolen, and I immediately secured the prisoner. This is the same bill. (produced in court.)
Greenough. This is one of the three that I delivered to Mr. Colyer. The prisoner lodged at the Blue Anchor in Little-Britain.


                  William 
                  Grayham 
               



            . On sunday evening, the first of April, I called in at the Blue Anchor, at Little-Britain. The woman of the house enquired of me if I had lost a bill of exchange, saying, her daughter had found one wrapped up in a piece of dirty paper: I looked at it, and said, it was the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Greenough 
               



            , the younger, that keeps the Castle-Inn, in Wood-street: he told me that, with two others, were picked out of a person's pocket at Guildhall, that did business for him, and it had been advertised, and he gave me 5 s. 3 d. which was in proportion for the sum: this is the bill, producing a 50 l. bill.
Greenough. This bill is my property, and one of the three that I delivered to Mr. Colyer.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Benson 
               



            . I live at the Blue anchor, in Little-Britain. The prisoner lodged at my house between four and five months; he was recommended by two gentlemen of Scotland. My daughter picked up this bill on the first of April, by the fire side. I saw the name Scot upon it, and having one of that name that lodged in my house, I shewed it to him: he said it was not his, and bid me take particular care of it; saying, it was a 50 l. note, and payable in a little time. I went and asked the people in the parlour if any of them had lost a note: I was answered, No. I shewed it to Mr. Grayham, and desired he would make inquiry about it.
Q. Did you see any thing of a pocket book, or any other book, upon the prisoner?


                  Elizabeth 
                  Benson 
               



            . No, I never did.


                  Sarah 
                  Benson 
               



            . I am 13 years of age. I found a paper by the fire side on the first of April, in the kitchen; it was folded up with four corners to it: I knew nothing who dropped it: my mamma asked me about it; I told her where I found it. (The two bills read in court, and answered to the indictment.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I found this note of 101 l. 8 s. on a Monday, a month ago next Monday, in an open letter that was not sealed; two boys were looking at it; they gave it me: it had been very much wore in the pocket: I threw the letter away, and kept the note in my pocket: it was advertised on the Wednesday. I owed Mr. Steward some money, and said, if he would take the note, I would pay him what I owed him: he asked me how I came by it? I said, it is no matter. I went to him after that, and wanted more money, and I took and indorsed it to him. I declare I never saw no note but that. It never was advertised after I found it.




               Guilty of stealing, but not from the person
            . 


               T
            . 
