





2. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Bradford 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one quilted stuff petticoat, value 7 s. one linnen bed-gown, value 1 s. and one box-iron, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Legerwood 
                  




                
            , widow
, December 1
. +


                  Mary 
                  Legerwood 
               



            . I live in Shoe-lane


. I was taken very ill in February last, I took the prisoner in to take care of me for a month, and I have had her ever since with me out of charity, till taken up by a constable, having lost the things mentioned in the indictment, out of my room; we lived and lay together in one bed; I can't tell the very day they were missing, it was one afternoon when I was out, about five weeks ago; the first thing I missed was my petticoat, I would make her tell me where it was; all I could get out of her was, it is safe, and when the other things were missing, that was all the answer I could get of her, till she was taken up, upon the account of some things belonging to Mr. Hughes; this was about a fortnight after I missed mine; then I insisted again to know where my things were gone, and she wrote a paper for me to go to Mr. Bruin's on Snow-hill, and there I might find them pawn'd; I went, and found them. (Produced in court and deposed to.)
Q. Did you hear her say she pawned them there?
M. Legerwood. I did, and stood by her while she wrote this paper.
It is read to this purport.
"SIR,
"Be pleased to deliver to Mrs. Legerwood a
"petticoat, box-iron, and bed-gown, which lie
"in my name for 7 shillings.
Eliz. Bradford."


                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Bruin. I know the prisoner by her coming to my master's shop as a customer; she brought these things here produced to our shop, and pawn'd them in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Bradford 
               



            , for 7 shillings.


                  William 
                  Boddington 
               



            . I am a constable; while the prisoner was in Bridewell, I went with a search-warrant to Mr. Bruin's, and the things were produced.
Prisoner's Defence.
She gave me liberty to pawn these things.
Prosecutrix. Indeed I never did.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


