





59. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Smith 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six knives and forks, a silver breast buckle, a pair of silver shirt buttons, a silk cardinal, a chip box, and 336 copper halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edmund 
                     Franklin 
                  




                
            , Oct. 22
. ++


                  Edmund 
                  Franklin 
               



            . I keep a cook's-shop
 without Bishopsgate, the prisoner came to live servant
 with me on the 15th of October; that day fortnight I missed a quantity of halfpence from the till in the shop; I charged the prisoner with having taken them; my wife insisted upon looking into her box, there we found 17 or 18 penny worth of halfpence; there was another trunk within that box that was quite full of halfpence: my wife put her hand into the prisoner's pocket, and had like to have cut her fingers; there were six of my knives and six forks there: then the prisoner fell on her knees, and begged for mercy, and said, she had creditable friends in the country, and she would give direction to her uncle to write to me; I did not send for an officer, out suffered her to go bed, and the next day to go about her work is usual; the next day she went up to make my bed, and came down again; I or my wife asked what she was carrying down, but it went off, and we thought no more of it; we found the next morning she was gone out at the back-door, and carried away all her things: she was taken the Wednesday following; we missed out of a trunk in my bed-chamber a chip-box, in which were silver buckles and things set in silver, and the copy of my freedom; we missed also a silk cardinal, a diaper table-cloth, a stone breast-buckle, and some money; the prisoner directed me to the pawnbroker where she had pawned the buckle, it was found there.
Prisoner's defence.
I am entirely innocent of the affair.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
