





365. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Rebekah 
                     Arnold 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing a linen gown, value 10 s. two cotton gowns, value 8 s. one linen sheet, value 1 s. and one linen apron, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Allford 
                  




                
            , May 24
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Allford 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor, we keep a chandler's shop
 in Cable-street, near Wellclose-square


; the prisoner took a lodging in my house, she left it the 24th of May; the week following I missed three gowns out of a box in my own room; I got a warrant, and she was taken; she first owned to the taking the things out of her lodging, for which there is another indictment; when she was asked about the gowns, she fell to crying, and said she had taken them and pawned one in Russel-street, and sent the other two by another person; we went with her to Mr. Harris's, there we found one gown, and to Mr. Craydon's, there we found another, and then to Mr. Simonds's, there we found the other; the sheet was pawned to Mr. Ratt, but that was taken out again and sold; the apron was pawned by the prisoner at Mr. Allen's.


                  Anne 
                  Harris 
               



            . I lent 3 s. upon this gown on the 15th of May (produced and deposed to.)


                  John Matthew 
                  Craydon 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Ratcliffe-highway, I took in this gown of 
               
                  Martha
                   Tozer


             on the 17th of May for 4 s. (produced and deposed to.)


                  Edmond 
                  Simonds 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Ratcliffe-highway; 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Phillips 
               



             pledged this gown with me on the 16th of May (produced and deposed to.)
Peter Hall. I heard the prisoner own before the Justice, that she took these things from the prosecutor's house.
Prisoner's defence.
One 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Davis 
               



             persuaded me to do it; I was never sober for three weeks, all the time I was in the house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
