





180. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Dixon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a moidore, ten guineas, a five-and-three-penny piece, and 10 s. and 6 d. in money numbered,
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Osbourn 
                  




                
            , February 12
. ||


                  James 
                  Osbourn 
               



            . I am a shopkeeper
 and live at Leland


; the prisoner was servant
 to a carrier, whose name is Rookes. I put up the money laid in the indictment in a parcel, wrapped with paper, that the prisoner should not know what it was, and sent it by him, directed to be paid to my tradespeople in town; there was a twenty-seven piece, ten guineas, a five-and-threepenny-piece, and the rest in silver, to make in the whole 12 l. 18 s. 3 d. I gave it to the prisoner to deliver it to his master, on the 12th of February, I found since he never went to his master with it. When he was taken up, he had part of the money about him.


                  Sarah 
                  Alridge 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Osbourn. I was present when my master packed up the money in a paper; there was in all 12 l. 18 s. 3 d. directed to Mr. Rookes.
Prosecutor. I put it in a large bundle, and the outside parcel was directed to Mr. Rookes, that he should open it, and see who the money was for.
Alridge. I saw the parcel delivered to the prisoner on the Sunday before last.


                  John 
                  State 
               



            . Mr. Osbourn came to me on the Monday morning, being a neighbour, and desired I would go with him to enquire after the prisoner; he went Bagshot way, and desired I would go round by Colebrook; he hired two horses; I went on to Salthill, and enquired at the Castle, and found a person like him had taken a post-chaise on the Sunday night at ten o'clock; I found the post-boy, who informed me he set him down at the Turk's Head at Reading. I went there, and there I found he had spent 14 s. besides the expence of the post chaise; they knew him, (that is, the prisoner). I found he took a post-chaise at the King's Arms there, and went to Newbury. I pursued him there. When I came to the George and Pellican there. I heard he was gone for Marlborough; I took a post-chaise, and overtook him about a quarter of a mile before I came to the Black Bear at Hungerford. I drove by his chaise, and when I was about an hundred yards before him, I got out: he, seeing me, spoke to the boy that drove him, that he wanted to speak to me; I took him in custody: he directly confessed that he took the money away; and said he would go back with me. I took him to the Black Bear at Hungerford; there he returned me four guineas in gold, 5 s. and 6 d. in silver, and 4 d. in halfpence, and owned it was the prosecutor's money.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was so much in liquor, that I did not know what I did.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
