






393, 394. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Westwood 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Wilson 
                  



                
             were indicted, for 


               stealing ten bushels of soot, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lucas 
                  




                
            , May 29
. ++


                  John 
                  Lucas 
               



            . I live in Water-lane, Fleet-street, and deal in soot and coals
. On the 29th of May, the two prisoners offered me ten bushels of soot to sell; we agreed for it; when I was going to pay them, a lad came and told me, that soot was taken out of my warehouse, and gave me a clear account of it; I went to Westwood, and told him, I thought he had no visible way of getting it; he said he brought it for two men, named Rotherham and Doeg, upon which I sent for them; Doeg came, and said, he never sent him to sell soot in his life; this was in the prisoner Wilson's hearings; the other was gone to Limehouse; I sent for him the next day; he came, and said he had not sent them with any. I went into the yard, and said to Westwood, how did you came by this; he said, it is my own; I said, you certainly have stole it; he said, one of the sacks was his own; I paid him 2 s. for one sack, I had great room to suspect them; Wilson was my servant; I went for the officer, and charged them, and they were carried to the Compter, and on the Monday before the fitting Alderman.


                  Philip 
                  Molyneux 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Lucas, I am a chimney-sweeper; I saw Westwood take a sack of soot out of my master's cellar, on the Saturday night; Wilson at the same time said it was my master's sack; Westwood brought it out of the cellar, and Willson filled it in the cellar; they sold it to my master; they offered to sell twelve bushels in all, there were four sacks; Westwood used to go about with coal carts for my master, and sometimes worked for him as a labourer.
Q. to prosecutor. How came you to by it, after you had heard it was taken from your cellar?
Prosecutor. He insisted upon it is was his own; they go about the streets and get it to sell.


                  Dorothy 
                  Fawcet 
               



            . I saw Westwood bring two sacks out of the cellar, and put them down into the yard, and offered to sell them to the prosecutor, my master; master was in the counting-house at the time, the time the other witness mentions; I did not see Willson at that time.
Westwood's defence.
The soot was my own, I had it in my own room.
Willson's defence.
I know nothing about it, but Westwood came to me, and asked if my master was at home, and said he had brought some soot.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
