





276 (L.) 
               
                  John 
                  Barker 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. a cloth coat, value 10 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 5 s. and two leather pocket books, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Walker 
                  




                
            , March 16
. ++


                  John 
                  Walker 
               



            . I live at Hull, in Yorkshire: on the 15th of last month, some time in the night, I was robbed of the things mentioned in the indictment, on board my ship, that lay at Smart's key


, when I was asleep in the cabin. The ship is called the Unity, belonging to the Hull trade. I missed it about 5 the next morning.
Q. Have you ever seen either of them since?
Walker. I have seen the watch, coat, and waistcoat, and one book. When the prisoner was charged before the Justices at Whitechapel the book was found upon him: that was on Saturday the 16th. The Justices told me, as it was in the city I must take him before my Lord Mayor. I took him there; the crowd being so numerous I took a coach. When in the coach I promised, if he would tell me where the things were, I would not hurt or prosecute him: he seemed to be relent, said he was an unhappy wretch; and that if I would not hurt him he would tell me. I said I would not. He said he had pawned the waistcoat in one place in Rosemary-lane, and the coat was in another; and the watch he had exchanged for another in Tower-street, to a house-carpenter: thus instead of going to my Lord Mayor, we drove to Rosemary-lane. We first got the waistcoat, then the coat, then we went and got the watch.
Q. Do you count you did right?
Walker. If I had not promised him, we should not have got the things again. He then was under the care of a constable: I could neither hinder or forward it.


                  Robert 
                  Norton 
               



            . On the 16th of last month the prisoner came and offered this coat to me to sell: I seeing it too big for him, as he said it was his own, I stopped it. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  James 
                  Grief 
               



            . I live at the Coach and Horses, Whitechapel; the prisoner came there on the 6th of March. I wondered to see him with a watch in his pocket. I snatch'd a pocket-book out of his trowsers: I went to see what was in it, he snatch'd it from me. And when we came to the Justices he threw the book away; it was pick'd up. The Justice found a letter in it that belongs to Mr. Walker. Then I went to him; he said he had been robbed of the things mentioned.


                  Andrew 
                  Atkinson 
               



            . The prisoner came to a house where I was, and pulled out a watch, and wanted to sell it, saying, he was going to St. Thomas's hospital, and wanted money. I changed watches with him, and gave him 7 s. to boot.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going upon the keys about 5 o'clock that morning; I saw a man come out of this vessel; he had a bundle tied up in a blue and white handkerchief; after that I picked these things up between two casks.
Q. to the Prosecutor. Did the prisoner belong to your vessel?
Prosecutor. No. I don't know that I ever saw him before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried No. 169. in last Sessions Paper.
