





208. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Butherfield 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 14 yards of cotton, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hannington 
                        




                      
                  , privately, in his shop
            , January 19
. *


                  John 
                  Hannington 
               



            . I keep two shops, one in Broad St. Giles's, the other in St. George's, Bloomsbury. On the 19th of January, between 5 and 6 in the evening, I was sent for to my shop in St. George's, Bloomsbury


. I found many people round the shop, and the prisoner in it. I can only say the cotton I know, by my private mark, to be my property.


                  John 
                  Shaw 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. On the 19th of January, I was behind the counter in the shop, in the parish of St. George's, Bloomsbury: between 5 and 6 in the evening, the prisoner at the bar came and broke the window; I heard it, and saw his hand in at the hole; he reached, and took out a piece of cotton. I immediately ran to the door, and called out, Stop thief. I saw nobody pursued that was likely to take him. I ran, and overtook him in about sixty yards. I threw him down: He had the cotton in his arms; as he fell, that was under him. I brought him and that back, and sent for my master. The cotton is my master's property. He said he was drunk, but he ran very fast; he did not appear to be drunk.
Prisoner's Defence.
I came out of a woman's house very drunk. I had a falling out with my wife, and was going to Mr. Hull's, a pawnbroker. I am as honest an hard working man as ever was born.
For the Prisoner.


                  Catharine 
                  Connoley 
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me six months, and paid me very honestly. That very night he and his wife came into my house and quarrelled: he beat her in a violent manner: She hid herself under the table, and he ran out thinking she ran after him: That is all I know.


                  Sarah 
                  Beadle 
               



            . My husband is a shoemaker, the prisoner worked for him. He was recommended to us as a very honest man.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
