





133. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bradley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wicker basket, value 6 d. a linen cloth, value 6 d. and thirty pounds weight of butter, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Redshaw 
                  




                
            , Dec. 19
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Ambridge 
               



            . I received a wicker basket of butter in Warwick-Lane, the property of Mr. Redshaw; a shopkeeper
 at Hampstead, on the 19th of Dec. the clock had just gone six in the morning, when I had got it into my cart; it is what is called a flat of butter. As I was coming along the lane from the waggon with it riding upon the shafts of my cart, I saw him come to the tail of the cart and take the flat of butter out. I jumped down, and laid hold of him as he was going away with it, and he dropt it down. I asked him why he took that flat. I do not know what answer he made. My father was lighting me with a lanthorn, we secured the prisoner, and brought him into Newgate-Street, and gave a watchman charge of him; my father assisted in taking him to the watch-house. After that the constable let him go, but he was taken again near Hicks's Hall; we took him to Justice Girdler, who committed him. I got the slat of butter again in my cart, and delivered it to the owner at Hampstead the same morning.


                  Richard 
                  Ambridge 
               



            . I was lighting my son along with his cart and horses, I was by the forehorse's head. I heard my son cry Wo to the horses; the next word was, Stop him! I ran back and came to the slat of butter in a minute; my son having hold of him three or four yards from it. I carried him to the Magpye in Newgate-Street, and called a watch and bid him go and look at the number of the cart, that he might be satisfied who we were, expecting we should be examined thereupon. When we gave the constable charge of the prisoner, we took him up to the upper end of Newgate-Street; the constable scrupled knowing me: I said, Ask your servant the watchman who I am; he knows by the number of the cart. The constable let the prisoner go, because my son did not return soon from Hampstead, but I found the prisoner again the next day.
Prisoner's Defence.
That morning I was going to work as usual in Newgate-Market, and passing down Warwick-Lane


, the man catched fast hold of me, and charged me with stealing his butter. That lay in the street; I never had seen it.
For the Prisoner.


                  Michael 
                  Bradley 
               



            . I am brother to the prisoner: he gets his living in the way of selling of eggs or meat in the higgling way
. I never heard any misbehaviour of him in my life before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
