






123 (M) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Seymore 
                  



                
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Steward 
                   otherwise 
Conner




            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one silver watch, vale 2 l. 15 s. and one metal chain and seal, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Pearsey 
                        



                      
                  , privately from his person
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Oct. 17

.* 
John Pearsey. I was returning from the city to my lodging, and within about a dozen yards of the door where I live, I met with the woman at the bar sitting on a seat; she asked charity of me; I looked at her, and said, You are a lusty young woman, why don't you go to work for your bread? She said, God bless you, master, I have got a pretty clean room, with a fire in it, will you go with me? I consented, and went home with her. She asked me for some money, I told her I had no change, but I lodg'd at 
               
                  George 
                  More 
               



            's in the court, and if you will come with me there I will borrow of my landlord a couple of shillings. Upon that she trusted me, but before I had to do with her I turned about, and tucked in the chain of my watch, so I am most certain I had my watch at that time. She confessed when she was before the justice, that she took the watch from me, and gave it to the man at the bar to pawn it.
Q. Is that all you know against Steward?
Pearsey. It is all I know against him: one Dunn, that I found at Seymore's house, told me of him, and said he could get her, and bring her to me. About two or three days after he came to me, and asked me if I was the young man that had been robbed; I said I was. He said if I would give him a good reward for my watch, he would try to get it for me. I said I had no money then, but if he found the woman, and brought her and the watch, I would give him a guinea; but if he brought only the watch, I should give him half a guinea for that. He swore by the Almighty he would have her that day, and meet me at home at five o'clock. I staid at home that day, but never saw him till I saw him before the Justice, and there he acknowledged he had a watch from her, but I do not recollect he said it was my watch, but she said it was mine. I did not swear to my money, or lay it in the indictment, but I lost at the same time four 36 s pieces. She came out of her lodgings with me, till I went and borrowed two shillings of my landlord. I said I had met with a generous woman, that had trusted me. Said my landlord, Pray is your watch safe? I put my hand to my pocket, and missed that and my money; then, instead of being generous, I found she had paid herself very handsomely, for she had stripped me. She had made off when I went to see for her.
Prisoner. When I first spoke to you, you had but four-pence halfpenny in your pocket, I assure you.


                  Ephraim 
                  Brook 
               



            . I live in Long-acre, I am a constable, the man came and told me he had been robbed by the woman prisoner; I knew her personally, by seeing her about in the streets frequently. We took her before Justice Welch, there she confessed the fact, and said she gave the watch to Steward, who pawned it somewhere in Rag-fair. I and the beadle of the night went with her there, to see for the pawnbroker, but we came back as we went; then I asked her if she could find Steward: she said she did not know where he was: then she mentioned the Magpye and Horseshoe in Rag-fair I went there, and asked for him, and was told a butcher near there could tell. Then I was told I might find him at the Horseshoe in Wood-street. I went there and found him. I had got the warrant back'd by my Lord Mayor. I took him before Mr. Welch, there he said he and one Basset together pawned the watch; we went to the place where he said he had pawned it, but we could not find it.
Q. from Steward. When you came to me at the Horseshoe, did I not come along with you directly? And did I not say, if Mr. Welch had sent a porter for me, I would have come directly to him?
Brook. No, you said you would not go without a coach.
Steward. If I told you so, why did I tell you where the watch was?
Brook. That is to yourself: notwithstanding what you said, we could not find it.
Steward. I don't care if I was to be hanged, but I am innocent.
Brook. During the time he was at Mr. Welch's he attempted to make his escape.
Q. from Steward. Had not you a man in the Savoy that acknowledged he pawned the watch?
Brook. No.


                  Sarah 
                  White 
               



            . I heard the woman at the bar say she had the watch, and she gave it to Steward to pawn, and he brought her a guinea and half, and after that she gave him a crown to redeem his coat.
Q. from Steward. Whether the constable did not want to swear this watch against one Walgrave, that keeps the Duke's head in Mercer's-street.
S. White. Not as I know of.
Seymore's Defence.
The prosecutor told me if I would give him some money he would let me go, and he left me in charge of another person, for them to let me go. I have no other witnesses but God and myself.
Steward's Defence.
I never had any watch of her, I know nothing of it.
Seymore 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            ; Steward 

               Acquitted
            .
See Steward tried before, No. 276, in Mr. Alderman Dickenson's mayoralty, for defrauding a person of a horse: also see No. 331 in Mr. Alderman Asgill's mayoralty, for stealing a trunk with wearing-apparel in it, the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Craggs 
               



            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


