





157. (M.) 
               
                  Mary 
                  Robinson 
               



            , spinster
; was indicted for 


               stealing five guineas, the money of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thomas 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Apr. 24
.*
John Thomas. The prisoner and I were drinking together I was so drunk I can't tell where I met with her.
Q. When?
Thomas. About a month ago. She took my money at a public house, the Rose and Crown, St. Giles's


. I believe I had been at a public house with her before we went there: we came there about eight or nine in the morning   beer or purl: it was brought. We sat down in a box; she sat facing of me; there I happened to go to sleep; how long I slept, I cannot tell; a man came and shook me by the shoulder and said, Chairman, awake, have you lost any thing? I counted my money, and missed five guineas.
Q. How much had you left?
Thomas. I had in the whole in my pocket 15 guineas and one 18 s. piece when I went in at that house, and then I had but 10 guineas and one 18 s. piece.
Q How long had you been drinking?
Thomas. I had been drunk the day before, and up all night.
Q. How much money had you in your pocket when you was sober?
Thomas. I had 15 guineas, an 18 s. piece, and some silver.
Q. Where did you get drunk first of all?
Thomas. I do not know.
Q How came you to carry so much money about you?
Thomas. I happened to change my breeches, and had some money to pay for my figure. When I missed the money, the people said, No body here has your money but the woman, meaning the prisoner; she was then in the tap-room, they would not let her go away; a constable was called, and he found five guineas; I did not see it found.


                  Charles 
                  Beesley 
               



            . On the 24th of April I was getting my breakfast at this alehouse. I saw the prisoner sitting by the prosecutor, in a box in the taproom; whether her hand was in his pocket or his breeches, I cannot say, but it was in one of them. After that she got up, and wanted a penyworth of gin, or something else, and said she was going to pawn something. The landlord and we would not let her go out; the man was fast asleep; we awaked him, and asked him if he had lost any thing. He took out his money, and said he missed five guineas; he said he told his money just before he came into the house, and then he had 15 guineas and an 18 s piece; he had then but ten guineas and the 18 s piece. We got a constable, and took her into the yard. She denied having the money, and abuse us very much, They stripped and searched her but could find no money; then she came again in the public house. Mr. Wilson said he saw her mu bling something in her mouth; then I took hold her throat, and she dropped five guineas out of his mouth, it lay on the right side of her cheek. The she only abused us all as much as she could; she never said a word which way she came by it.


                  Thomas 
                  Wilson 
               



             the constable and 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Hol 
               



             who were at the searching the prisoner, confirmed the evidence given by Beesley.

Prisoner's Defence.
I was first in the prosecutor's company at the Bull Head in Tyburn Road; he laid hold of me, and would not let me go till I had drank with him, he had a full pot of two-peny by him; this was about six or seven in the morning. He kept me out all day long; when he was tired of drinking, he went to the sign of the Boot, a little beyond the Founding Hospital, there we had several pints of two-peny. Then he went into the fields, and went to sleep: I sat down to watch him; we were drinking in public houses all night. About eight o'clock on Saturday morning he awaked, and said I had picked his pocket; but he had made me a present of that money for being in his company all that time; he had torn my gown all to rags, and he said that money would buy another. I had never a pocket to put it in, and I was obliged to carry it either in my mouth or my bosom, These witnesses are come here to take my life away, right or wrong.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
