





23. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Duncan 
                     Campbell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        Ollof 
                        Werge 
                     



                   ; and 3 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hudson 
                  



                
            , Oct. 28
, *
Ollof Werge. I am a Swede, I live in Wapping: the prisoner at the bar borrowed a seal of me to seal a letter; I handed the seal watch and all to him, he went away with it; I did not see him till after he was taken up.
Q. When was this?
Werge. This will be six weeks ago to-morrow.
Q. Where did you let him have the watch?
Werge. At the Ship alehouse, Wapping


.
Q. Had he a letter to seal
Werge. I do not know that he had; I went on board my ship, and forgot to ask him for my watch. He was taken up about 8 days after; before the Justice he said he sold it in Whitechapel road for a guinea and half.
Q. Did you ever get it again?
Werge. No, I never did.


                  Robert 
                  Hudson 
               



            . The prosecutor lodged at the same house which I do at present, the Ship in Wapping, so did the prisoner; he absconded six weeks ago to-morrow: as soon as he was taken up, he confessed he had taken 3 s. out of my chest, my property, and that he borrowed Mr. Werge's watch to seal a letter, and afterwards sold it for a guinea and half.
Q. Did you lose any money out of your chest?
Hudson. I know I lost 3 s.
Henry Hall. Campbell own'd to me that the watch was safe enough; I went with him in order to get it; he made a break away from me, and was taken again, I carried him before the Justice, but we never could find what he did with the watch.
Prisoner's Defence.
I borrow'd the watch to seal a letter; I put it in my pocket in a hurry, and forgot to return it; I met with two or three men that made me in liquor, and they got me to pawn it for a guinea and half.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
