





139. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Dowland 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one blanket, value 1 s. and two linnen sheets, value, 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Pullen 
                  




                
            , March 2
. ++


                  James 
                  Pullen 
               



            . On Monday the second of March, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I came home from the India-house, and was told I had been robbed by the prisoner at the bar. I went and looked thro' the keyhole, and saw the sheets and blanket were gone.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Pullen. I did, she had lived in our neighbourhood some years. By looking about, we found the sheets hid under two salmon tubs. The prisoner's husband told me afterwards where my blanket was. I found it accordingly; it was in a cellar, joining to her cellar.
Q. How came she in your house?
Pullen. I suppose she has got a false key. [The goods produced in court, and deposed to.]
Q. Was she a lodger in your house?
Pullen. No; she confessed before justice Welch to the taking them.
Q. What room where they taken from?
Pullen. From a room that I let out ready furnished.
A Woman. I live in Mr. Pullen's house, I saw the prisoner come out at his door with a blanket and sheets under her arm, the bed was facing the door. I went and looked through the key-hole, and saw the blanket and sheets were gone off the bed. I asked the prisoner for them, she denied taking them, and called me names. When Mr. Pullen came home, I told him of it, after that, the sheets were found in her cellar, and she confessed before the justice she stole them, and the blanket too.
Prisoner's defence.
I never knew of them, till they made a noise about them; my child told me one 
               
                  Ann 
                  Blake 
               



             left them there till she came back; my child is about nine years old.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


