





416. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Bell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a piece of cloth, containing twenty-one yards, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , August 14
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Milk-Street


. The prisoner lived servant
 with me about four or five months. I think I missed a piece of Irish cloth out of my warehouse about the beginning of August. I had no great reason at that time to suspect the prisoner; but some time after I had. Then I took him into the counting-house, and charged him with robing me of it, mentioning the number of yards, and describing it. He denied it at first. Then he told me if I would give him till night, he would make a confession. I told him I would not give him ten minutes. He then acknowledged he had taken it and pawned it to a pawnbroker in Hounsditch, for thirty shillings. I sent him with my uncle to take it out. What past after, my uncle can inform you.
M. Waters. I was sent for on the fourteenth of August, by Mr. Smith. I went to his house. The prisoner was asked a great many questions. I put three to him myself. Whether he had pawned it, or given it to any body out of the house, or secreted it. Some time after he fell into tears, and owned he had pawned it. I went with him to a pawnbroker's in Hounsditch. There he asked for it in his own name. It was produced to us. (Produced in Court.)
Prosecutor. This is my property, I mentioned the number of yards, and described it before I saw it.
Prisoner's Defence.
My master proposed if I would make an ample discovery, he would not hurt me, so I told him where it was.
Prosecutor. I do not recollect that I said I would not prosecute him. I did give him some encouragement to think I would in some measure be favourable.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
