





489. (M) 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Smith 
                  , otherwise 
Morris




            , was indicted for 


               stealing two guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Lay 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , Aug. 9
. ++


                  William 
                  Lay 
               



            . I am a journeyman bricklayer
; I belong to a club where we put in 2 s. a week, and at twenty-one weeks we draw, to see who shall have the money first; there were twenty-one of us; I got it; I received two guineas in gold; then I went to receive my wages, it being Saturday night; I had word, by the landlord of the house, I should come on the Sunday morning for my wages; coming down Rosemary-lane, I knocked at an alehouse door, to see if I could get a dram; this was on the 9th of August, past one at night, I could not get in; the prisoner stopped me, and said halloo, where are you going; I said, I am going home; she said if I would go backwards, she could get some liquor; I went with her into a back alley, the alley I do not know; I gave her 3 d. another woman came in, and took the money from her; at first she said she would be 2 d. to my penny; I said I did not desire that; the other woman went out, in order to get some liquor; then in less than three minutes time, I found the prisoner's hand in my pocket; I did not happen to get hold of her hand; I missed my money, two guineas in gold; she ran away; as soon as I could get out of the alley, I went directly to the watch-house, and told them I had been robbed of two guineas; the officer sent a watchman with me to the place; there was a candle alight, but no person to be found; it was in a lower apartment in a house: in the day we went to make a search after her, but could not find her; on the Monday we found her, and took her before a magistrate.
Q. Did you get your money again?
Lay. No, not a farthing of it.
Q. Was you disguised in liquor at the club?
Lay. No, I was not, I had no thoughts of being concerned with the woman; I have an honest wife, by whom I have had thirteen children; I think I have no occasion for a whore.
Q. Were your halfpence and gold in one pocket?
Lay. No, my halfpence were in my right-hand waistcoat pocket, and my gold in my left-hand breeches pocket; I heard her own to the watchman that carried her to New Prison, that the woman that went for the liquor had one guinea, and she the other; and if she did not help to maintain her in prison, she would inform against her and a good many more; she told the watchman he and part of many a crown got by picking of pockets, and what business had he to take her.
Prisoner's defence.
This is all false, he took up another woman that he was with before.
Prosecutor. There were several women brought into the watch-house that night, and I said I could not swear to any of them; I was with no other woman but the prisoner.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
