






439. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     White 
                  



                
            , spinster

, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 4 l. one watch string, made of gold and silver, value 10 s. and one brass watch-key, value one penny, the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Mechard 
                        



                      
                  , privately from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Flaharty 
                  



                
            , for 


               receiving the same, well knowing the same to have been stolen
            , May 28

. ||


                  David 
                  Mechard 
               



            . I am a gold and silver orrace-weaver
, in de French way, and live in King-street, Seven Dyal



.
Q. Are you a house-keeper?
Mechard. No, I am a lodger; I never did know 
               
                  Catherine 
                  White 
               



            , only dat time she robed me. She happened to come one night to my room, and picked my pocket.
Q. How came she to come to your room?
Mechard. I don't know.
Q. Did she pick you up, or did you pick her up?
Mechard. I cannot tell wider she pick me up, or come by misfortune into my room; I cannot be positive of dat.
Q. Perhaps you cannot be more positive about her picking your pocket. What say you?
Mechard. I beg your pardon, my Loord.
Q. Did you pick her up, or she you?
Mechard. Inded, my Loord, I tink she did pick a me up; it was not 
               
                  dat
               


             I would medle wid her.
Q. Tell your own story?

Mechard. I went out after ten, after I had had my supper, to spend my evening vit my acquaintance; I met as lady, as I never saw in my life; only I go back: I was not von quarter of an hour. I had no good opinion, nor no bad; only I had a foolish vancy.
Q. What was your foolish fancy?
Mechard. My Loord, I beg your pardon; I did not carry her to my loshing, she did come along vitt me.
Q. How many rooms have you?
Mechard. I have only von room in my loshing.
Q. You have a bed in it, have you not?
Mechard. I have, and I have half a doozon chears.
Q. Then I take it for granted that you sat upon a chair together.
Mechard. No, de bet vas down, and ve sat down upon de bet; she ask me vat vould I make her a present of? said I, I don't know, I am a tradesman, it does not signify vider I use you or not. I said I have a chilling; I did give her a chilling; afterwards she say, I have got a husband of my own, and if I don't go home he'll lick me: I say, if you have a husband, go home; vat business have you here? go down, or I'll kick you. I am very certain she had picked my pocket ten.
Q. How can you be certain of that?
Mechard. Ven I vas down upon de bet, I did feel my vash in my pocket; I go and feel in my pocket ven she go away, my vash vas gone, and no body vas in de room but I.
Q. Are you sure you had not given her your watch?
Mechard. No, mine Loord, she vill not say no such ting; she say her husband vill lick her and use her ill: I open de door, and say, Get away, don't make no noise.
Q. Did you ask her for your shilling again?
Mechard. No, mine Loord, no, no, no; I believe she vas no farder den in de street ven I miss my vash; I ran after her, and she vas gone; I did spend more money as two or tree vashes, to see for her; dat vas made me a present of by one 
               
                  dat
               


             I had very great regard for. I vent about to know where dat vash vas to be found; so by good lutt I did hear vere it vas: I found vere de girle did live; I went to worship Velch.. and got a varrant and took her. The vash vas found upon 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Flaharty 
               



            .
Q. How do you know it was found upon him?
Mechard. I know dat, because he deliver de vash himself. I never did know dis man had de vash till I did took de girl.
Q. From Fleharty. Did not I bring the watch to Justice Welch, after I heard 
               
                  Catherine 
                  White 
               



             had taken it?
Mechard. After I vas vitt two constable, and ran after him de day; after he come himself, after I had taken a varrant against him.
Q. What is Flaharty?
Michard. He is a barber and perrvig maker
 I vent to dat street vere he lodged; de prisoner saw de constable come in vitt dat girl; and I did ask him if he know dat girl, he vent off, and turned as vite as paper; one of my friends ran and fetch another constable, den he run avay again.


                  Elias 
                  Northelia 
               



            . When this watch was talked of, and the prosecutor was going to justice Welch in order to prosecute the woman, the landlady of the house desired me to go with them, as I could talk French; I went, there came two men; one of them stepped up to the prosecutor, and said, are you willing to have your watch again? he said, yes. Said he, if you'll go along with the woman, I'll go over to the White-hart, and you shall have it immediately. I said, you are not to compound felony upon no account; you ought to acquaint the justice of what you are proceeding about. Then the man at the bar was asked, if the watch was in the same condition it was when he first had it? he said it was; he had delivered it out of his pocket. as I was informed, when they went to fetch him from the round-house, to the keeper of the round-house of St. Giles's, before he came to the justice's. It was produced; there was a dirty black string upon it; and afterwards he owned he had put the gold and silk string upon a watch of his own, that he had been robbed of; the prosecutor described the watch before he saw it.
N. B. The LAST PART of these PROCEEDINGS will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON; And also the Gaol-Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX, HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 25th, Thursday the 26th, Friday the 27th, and Saturday the 28th, of JULY.
In the Fourth Year of His MAJESTY's Reign.
Being the Sixth SESSION in the MAYORALTY of The Right Honourable 
                  
                     William 
                     Bridgen 
                  



               , Esq; LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
NUMBER VI. PART II. for the YEAR 1764.
LONDON:
Sold by W. NICOLL, in St. Paul's Church-yard.
[Price SIX-PENCE.]

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-Delivery, held for the City of LONDON, &c.



                  John 
                  King 
               



            . I AM round-house keeper of St. Giles's; the man at the bar was brought to the round-house: I took this watch from him for safety, by Justice Welch's order; he said he gave a woman 25 s. for it.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
King. I did, I am afraid he keeps a very bad house, and harbours a very bad pack of women; he lives in Diot-street, St. Giles's. [The watch produced, and deposed to by prosecutor, to be the same he was robbed of the might the woman was in his lodging.]
King. The prosecutor came to see the watch; I told him he should not till he told some particular marks; then he told me the name and number; I opened it, and found it as he had said; he said, when he lost it there was a gold and silk string to it.
White's Defence.
I am an unhappy girl of the town; the gentleman was going home; he asked me, if I would go with him to his room: he made a bargain to give me a crown; he had no money, so he gave me his watch; he was to come the next day for it, and to give me the crown: I had been with him before that night; he knew very well where I lived, having been with me at my lodgings at Flaharty's house. I did not tell him I was married; I am no married woman. I staid with him an hour; I kept the watch a fortnight, and he not coming for it, I got a little money upon it, because I wanted it, of my landlord. I have lodged at Mr. Flaharty's house about twelve months; I owed him 4 s. and I paid him that out of a guinea which he gave me for it.
Flaharty's Defence.
She told me she had such a thing, that a gentleman owed her some money, and as he could not pay her, she was going to summons him to the court of conscience; she desired me to let her have some money upon it. I being quite innocent, lent her some money; I defy any one to say that I ever wronged them of the value of a pint of beer. I never knew that she had a man up in a room in my house; though I am often out bleeding, drawing teeth, and shaving people.
For Flaharty.
Eacklin Mitchel. I am a chandler and grocer; I have known Flaharty eight years and upwards; I always found him very honest in his dealings; he is honest in that shape: I never was in his house but once, he lets lodgings.
Tobias Philben. I keep an eating-house in Shoreditch; I have known him seven years; what dealings I have had with him he always paid me for very honestly; I never heard any bad character of him before this.


                  Catherine 
                  Magennis 
               



            . I have known him nine years; he lived three years in the house I do; he paid me seven guineas a year for his apartment. I never heard any thing against him, except this foolish thing.
Q. What is his general character?
C. Magennis. I never heard any thing against him; but if there was any riot, he would take and give them a box or a douse.
Q. What sort of a house does he keep?
C. Magennis. I never saw any thing but peace and quietness by him.


                  John 
                  Murry 
               



            . I live in Church-street, St. Giles's: I am a dealing man in Leaden-hall market, in buying fowls and rabbets: he had an under part of a house with me, for 3 l. 12 s. per year; he always had a good character. There is no woman at all lodges in his house, that ever I saw.


                  Jenny 
                  Murphy 
               



            . I have lived in his house two years, in the capacity of a servant, at 4 l. a year; he has a very good character in the neighbourhood.
Q. Do you know 
               
                  Catherine 
                  White 
               



            ?
J. Murphy. I do; she used to go in at night, go to bed, and pay for her lodging, about nine o'clock.
Q. Do you remember her bringing any men there?
J. Murphy. No, I do not.
Q. Did you never see the prosecutor there?
J. Murphy. No.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Belton 
               



            . I live in Diot-street, next door to the free-school, almost facing the prisoner's house. I am no way acquainted with him: he has behaved exceeding well; I never saw him in liquor but once; all the neighbours, that are of credit, give him an excellent good character. I never spoke three words to him in my life; he works very hard, and keeps a very quiet house.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Girdler 
               



            . I keep the Maidenhead-Inn. I know neither good or bad of his character; I I never was in his house in my life.


                  Edward 
                  Riley 
               



            . I have known him four years; he bears as good a character as any man in his station.
Q. Where do you live?
Kiley. I live in King's-Court, Covent Garden; I let out lodgings.
White, 


               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
Flaharty, 

               Guilty
            , 


               T. 14
            .
