





142. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Wild 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 25 yards of woollen cloth, value 10 l.
             the property of 
               
                  Winefred 
                  Vanderplank 
               




             , widow
, Jan. 26
. ++


                  Bartholomew 
                  Vanderplank 
               



            . I live in Bartholomew-close with my mother; I am a cloth-worker. Last Monday three weeks, the piece of cloth mentioned was taken away; the prisoner at the bar was stopped with it; I was before Justice Welch when he and the cloth was; he there confessed he took it away.
Q. What did the Justice say to induce him to confess it?
Vanderplank. I think he said it would be better for him.


                  Richard 
                  Gardner 
               



            . We had the cloth in our house, I work with Mrs. Vanderplank; I heard the prisoner own before the Justice, he came in at the gate and took it away. I believe the Justice said it would be the better for him to confess.


                  William 
                  Vigers 
               



            . On Monday the 20th of January, I had a piece of cloth offered to me to dispose of by the prisoner; I am a salesman and draper; I apprehended it to be dishonestly come by; I sent for a constable, and charged the prisoner; during the discourse before Mr. Welch, the prisoner prevaricated; I believe the Justice might say, he had better tell the truth; his prevaricating confirmed the Justice and me too, he did not come honestly by the goods: I believe the Justice thought, by means of this man he might come at farther light; perhaps he thought there might be other people concerned.
Q. What arguments did he make use of; did he say it would be better for him?
Vigers. I will not take upon me to say that; but he advised him to discover. I do not remember that the Justice said it would be better for him to confess.
Q. What did the prisoner say to you when he brought the piece of cloth?
Vigers. He said it was his own. and that he was the manufacturer of it; I suspected him, by his asking a price considerably under the value; he allowed it for 8 s. a yard; it was worth more; if it was taken on my judgement, I would have given three or four shillings a yard more; he discovered to me he had no knowledge of the business, so as to manufacture the cloth, by the discourse I had with him; this also increased my suspicion; when before the Justice, he did acknowledge he went in to Mrs. Vanderplank's house on the Saturday evening, and took out his cloth.
Vanderplank. I think he said he waited an opportunity, and went in at the gate on a Sunday evening, and took it out; (the cloth produced and deposed to.)
Gardner. I think he said he went in on the Sunday night, last Sunday was three weeks.
Prisoner's defence.
I found the cloth.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
