





52 (L) 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Burton 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen shirt, two shillings, and one counterpain, value two shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hemmings 
                  




                
            , Dec. 17
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Hemmings 
               



            . The prisoner is apprentice
 to Mr. Baker, I am foreman
 to him, and had the care of the prisoner: he lodged and boarded in my house, I was to learn him his business.
Q. What business is Mr. Baker?
Hemmings. He is a paper hanger, and lives in Cheapside. The things mentioned in the indictment were missing. On the 16th of December I charged him on suspicion, and he confessed before the lord mayor that he got into the room, and took the things away: he directed me to the pawnbroker's where they were pawned: John Pain went, and found them accordingly.


                  John 
                  Pain 
               



            . The things were lost on the 16th, and the prisoner owned on the 18th, that he had taken and pawned them at the three Blue Balls, facing the Blue Last, Black Friars. I went there, and they were delivered to me. [ Produced in Court, and deposed to.]
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
To his Character.


                  William 
                  Merrill 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since he was born.
Q. What is his character?
Merrill. I never heard any thing but that of an honest industrious lad.


                  John 
                  Francklin 
               



            . I am his godfather, I never knew any thing but honesty by him.


                  Mary 
                  Hillney 
               



            . I never heard any thing ill of him before.


                  William 
                  Reyner 
               



            . I have known the prisoner some time, he always behaved extremely well; he has been on board a man of war, and is a good sailor.




               Guilty. Recommended
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


