






512. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     Kennedy 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk cardinal, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Peirce 
                  




                
            , Oct. 20
. ++


                  Anne 
                  Peirce 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Peirce 
               



            ; I live in Swallow-street, my husband is a chairman
. On Monday night, the 20th of this instant, I lost two cardinals, one was missing; about half an hour after eight o'clock, the prisoner had been with my husband on the Saturday night, Sunday night, and Monday in the afternoon; I found the cardinal at the pawnbroker's last Tuesday morning; I charged the prisoner with it; he owned to me he had taken it, and that he pawned it himself for 4 s.
Prisoner. She sent me to pawn it for 4 or 5 s.
A. Peirce. I never did any such thing; (produced and deposed to.)


                  Charles 
                  Murphy 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Stockdale, a pawnbroker; the prisoner at the bar brought this cloak to me between eight and nine last Monday evening; he asked five shillings upon it, I lent him four.
Prisoner's defence.
This woman brought me into this scrape; I wanted to borrow two-pence of her before her mother, and she refused it; and when the mother was gone, she gave me this cloak to pawn.
A. Pierce. This is all false; he had not a word to say for himself before the Justice, only that he took it out of a joke.
For the prisoner.


                  James 
                  Conner 
               



            . I have known him above twelve months; he is a journeyman taylor, of good character.


                  Mary 
                  Dwyer 
               



            . He lodged with me at the time of this affair; I had a very good character with him from the gentlewoman where he lodged before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
