





129. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Mark 
                     Oyle 
                  , otherwise 
Dyley




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value forty shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Stanton 
                  




                
            , Sept. 28
. ||


                  Thomas 
                  Stanton 
               



            . I live at Pauler's Perry, which is not far from Potter's Perry, in Northamptonshire. I was going down Ludgate-hill, on the 28th of September; there I met the prisoner, with a stick in his hand, and a pair of silver spurs on his shoes. He appeared like a countryman. I took him for a man that dealt among cattle. He took me by the hand, and said, How do you do, countryman? He asked me where I had been. I told him, I came to get a place for service, but could find none.
Q. Did you know him before?
Stanton. I never saw him before, to my knowledge. He asked me where I was going, I said, I was a stranger; I was going to the Cattle and Falcon, in order, the next morning, to go down into the country. He said, he would be obliged to me if I would be so kind as to do him a favour. I said, What is it? He said, he had lost a horse worth sixteen guineas, and wanted me to take two or three bills describing the horse, and leave them at the turnpikes; he had rather it cost him twenty guineas than his father should know that he had lost the horse. I asked him after what manner he lost him; he said, If I would not say any thing of it, he would tell me. I said, I am no acquaintance of yours, nor know none of your acquaintance; you need not be afraid of me; I am going into my, own country to-morrow morning; if it is of any service to you, I will take your papers. Then he up and told me, he left his horse at a certain place, (I do not remember the particular place) at the door, with a person he thought he could trust, and went into a house to be concerned with a woman, to whom he gave five shillings, and the person rode away with his horse. I said, I was sorry for him, but he should have kept better company. He said, he had not his papers about him, but if I would be so kind as to step into a public-house, he would treat me with part of a pint of purl while he wrote them. We went through the Bell Savage gate-way into a public-house. He called for a pint of purl. I would have sat down in the tap-room, the first room I came into, but he walked to the farther room in the house, and ordered me to follow him.
Q. Were there any body else in the room?
Stanton. No, there were not. The gentlewoman sale, Countryman, do not be afraid! Step into the room, it is not very clean, but hoped I would excuse it. I said it was very well for me, for I should not stay, I was only come in to take two or three directions of the gentleman. I went in and sat down. He left me. I thought he was gone for a pen and ink to write the papers. As soon as he was gone, in came a fellow, well dressed, with a glass of rum in his hand, and a pipe in his mouth; he asked me, if I would go on board a ship along with him; I said, no, I would not; said he, D - n your blood, I am glad you told me your mind at once, now I know what to do with you. He insisted upon my drinking that glass of rum, for the answer I made him. I would not. Then in came the prisoner; he made his obedience to the young gentleman, (as I took him to be) and wanted to persuade me to drink it; he said, that is a young gentleman of fortune, you will affront him; he is a captain's son, and he had three or four hundred pounds in his pocket, and could draw a thousand pounds out of the Bank at any time; that he could have been made a captain himself, but that he took to drinking, and that his hand shook so that he could not write. He insisted on my drinking the glass of rum. Upon his insisting on it, I took it, and said, Captain, your health, and drank it. Then he swore an oath, and said, As you have drank that, I will fetch you another. I said, Sir, you may fetch as many as you please, but I will drink no more, only part of the pint of purl which the prisoner had called for. The captain goes out to fetch me another glass of rum. The prisoner then said to me, when he was gone; Countryman, have you got any money in your pocket? It surprised me; I jumped out of my seat I was in, and said, What do you mean? I have a few half-pence in my pocket to pay part of the pint of purl if you desire it. Then he pushed me into my seat, and said, there was nothing for me to pay: he then said, Countryman, you cannot be so poor as you make for, you have a good watch in your pocket. I said, Sir, I have a watch, but that is not all gold that glitters; I am short of money, though I have a watch. Said he, Countryman, I'll tell you what, if it is a Panchbeck one, and you will swear it is gold, I will get you 50 l. for it: that young gentleman has money enough. I said, I would not be concerned in any such action as that was; he was welcome to keep his money, for I did not want it. I said it was not Pinchbeck. Said he, Countryman, if it is a silver one, and you will swear the inside is gold, I will get you seven or eight guineas for it. I said I would keep it. He asked me to look at it; I said I would keep it, and would not pull it out. Upon that, in came the young gentleman again, with another glass of rum, and sat down by me, and insisted on my drinking it; but I would not touch it. The prisoner said to him, Sir, the countryman has got a good watch to sell. No, Sir, said I, I have got a watch, but do not intend to sell it. Said the young gentleman, Countryman, let me look at it. I don't mind money; I have money enough; we will not part for money. I don't mind money more than chips. With overpersuations, I said, A man of your fortune I make no doubt of; I will let you look at it, but I will not sell it: I pulled my watch out, and let him look at it. he opened it, and looked at the work; he d - md it, and said it was good for nothing. I said, It cost me a good deal of money, it ought to be worth something. He sat on one side the table and I on the other; he shut it up, and was going to deliver it to me. The prisoner was by the side of me: he snatched hold of the seal and key, as I had hold of it, and snatched it out of my hand, and swore it was not mine, but his. Then the young gentleman said to the prisoner, If it was his watch, he would give him eight guineas for it. I said, No, Sir, the watch is not his; he has no title to it, nor shall he have it. Then the prisoner wanted to whisper to me and said, Countryman, I only mean you shall tell him so, and when I have tricked him out of ten guineas, you shall have your watch again, and some of the money. I said I would not agree to it. I begg'd him to let me have my watch again, and if he would not, something further should come on it: I would have my watch before I parted with him, or would charge the constable with him. He seemed to take but little regard to what I said. The young gentleman pulled out a green purse, and would have given it into my hand to take what I pleased out of it. I told him I would have no concern with it, and insisted upon having my watch. The prisoner then had it. He would not deliver it to me. The gentleman then pulled out something that chink'd, wrapt in a paper out of his green purse: he told the prisoner it was seven guineas. Then the prisoner deliver'd the watch to him, and said he delivered two guineas with it, but I saw no money delivered on neither side. They wrapt my watch and that paper, what was in it I know not, in a handkerchief; I reached out my hand to get my watch, but they pulled me down in my seat, and would not let me come nigh it. They handed it from one to the other, and the young gentleman put it into his coat pocket; then the prisoner bid him go and stand with his back towards him, and shut his eyes, at the door, with his face towards it, while he laid a halfpenny under his his hat. I begg'd they would not go to hussle for my watch, for if they did, further trouble would come on it. After he had laid it down, he ordered the young gentleman to come and name: he came and named, I think it was a head. It was a head. Then they wanted me to play; I would not. Then the prisoner ordered the gentleman to go again, he went; the prisoner then wanted me to lay down the halfpenny, and said we should be sure of winning. He came a second time and named; after that the prisoner wanted me again to lay down the halfpenny; I would not; and because he should not lodge the money about me, I gave it a swing upon the table; he clapt his hat upon it, and bid the gentleman come again; he came the third time. Then the young gentleman said, the watch was his.
Q. Did he name as the money was?
Stanton. He named right every time. Then the prisoner immediately jumped up from his seat, and went out of the room; I directly followed and catched him at the door, and asked him, Where he was going? he said, he was going to draw a draft for 20 l. upon a tradesman, and insisted on my going with him; adding, When we come back again, no doubt but the young gentleman would play with him for ten pounds a game; and he did not doubt, but he would get the watch again, and 10 l. He insisted upon my going with him; and said, he could not draw the draft without he had an evidence. Sir, said I, you may go after I have got my watch again, if you please; but you shall not stir till I have my watch; and immediately catched hold of him, and said, you may draw as many drafts as you please after I have my watch. The landlady of the house came and demanded the money for the pint of purl; the prisoner pulled out sixpence, and paid her for it. Said I, Landlady, they have got my watch from me; take care they do not get out of your house. There is no other way out but this; and if the other comes this way, I'll kick him in again. The landlady said, Lord bless me! I am sorry for you. Which way did they get it? She went from me directly to look into the room where we had been. The sash was thrown up, and the young gentleman was gone out at the window. The prisoner directly charged me with having two guineas of his, and insisted upon my paying it to him, or I should go to Justice Fielding. I said, I was a stranger to London. I should be very glad to go, provided I knew the way. He rapped out an oath, and swore he would shew me the way. I said, I would, and insisted on going, and he to go with me: he swore he would shew me the way. We went out of the yard together, he was to convey me to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, which he said he knew very well. He took me up by St. Paul's church; I very well know now, though I did not then; and down Cheapside, and in the Poultry: he collared me about the middle of the Poultry.
Q. What time of the day was it then?
Stanton. It was about twelve o'clock in the day. I resented being led like a dog, as I had done no harm: I said, I will not lose you, nor you shall not lose me, for I desire justice to be done; and I broke his hold. Then he seemed to walk very sharp, as though he had a mind to get away from me, till he came to St. Mildred's Court, by the church; the court being clear, he thought it had been a thorough-fare: he with this stick, that I have in my hand, (producing a string taken walking stick shattered in two pieces) said, If I did not go from him he would be the death of me. I said, Do not use me ill, for I have done you no harm, though you have me; he made no more words, but struck me on the side of the head as hard as he could hit me. It did not quite knock me down, but made me reel from him. As soon as I recovered myself, I made up to him; he hit me three or four times; I held up my arm to guard my head: he broke his stick in two upon my arm, he layed on so violently. As soon as he found it break, he took to his heels and ran, and I after him, as fast as I could. He, not finding a thoroughfair, took into a house, and I after him; he up with his bit of a stick, and told me, if I did not get away from him, he would knock my brains out.
Q. What house was this?
Stanton. It was the house of a printer: he ran up three steps into it before he could come out. I stopt him as he was returning; I then played about me and got his guard from him. I then came in for a blow; I got him by the collar, he seemed to be a little resolute; then I took him another good knock, and kicked him down the steps on his back; there he lay and hung his head down in a window and would not speak nor stir. The neighbours were going to charge a constable with me for killing the man; some of them did not know but he was dead; he bled freely. There was a gentleman in the court, he is here, Mr. Aldridge, he said the man is not dead. He took and threw a little cold water in his face; he soon came to life again. Then he charged me with having two guineas of his; I thought proper to charge a constable with him, and Mr. Aldridge ordered us to go before my Lord Mayor at the Mansion-House. There was Mr. Alderman Crosby. I told my story to him, and he committed him for farther examination.
Q. Did you ever get your watch again?
Stanton. No, I never did. The other man jumped out at the window with that, and was gone off with it.
Q. from Prisoner. Whether I took your watch from you?
Stanton. Yes; you snatched it out of my hand when the other man had just delivered it to me.


                  William 
                  Aldridge 
               



            . On Wednesday, the 28th of December, about half an hour past one o'clock, I was standing at the door where I live in Mildred-Court, in the Poultry. I saw the prisoner striking the countryman violently over the head with a stick, I saw nobody else in the court but them. In a little time I saw the prisoner turn tail, and run; he came past me, and the countryman after him. He ran into a house at the further part of the court on the left hand, it was up three or four steps, where were a pair of folding doors, and the countryman ran in after him. There I heard a bustle; the countryman had got paying him; presently down came the prisoner on his back bleeding very freely; a woman in the court screamed out prodigiously. Mr. Farrell, the man of the house, came down to see what was the matter. Seeing the prisoner laying on his back bleeding, he called for a constable. I bid him have a little patience, I seeing it all, I said, I could tell him who was the aggressor, saying, I saw the prisoner strike the countryman over the head very much before he ran away; then he was pacified. The prisoner lay on his back as if he was choaked with blood, making a noise in his throat. I saw his countenance was fresh, and he looked well. I said to the prisoner, I fancy you are in the wrong box. Two shoemakers, my neighbours, came and addrest themselves to the countryman, and asked him what was the matter, he said, The man had stole his watch. There was a little water poured on the prisoner, after which he got up, and charged the countryman with having two guineas of his money. I told them, the best way to settle that point would be to go before my Lord Mayor, and that I would go with them: we had no conveniency to call for a constable, therefore the shoemakers and I went with them to the Mansion-House. There the countryman told the same as here. The prisoner made his defence, but it was so evasive, that he was committed for farther examination. The prisoner first said, the countryman had two guineas of his, after that he said he laid down two guineas, and the countryman laid down his watch, and another man ran away with them both. The alderman seeing the thing, desired me that I would assist the country man in getting him a place, which I have done, and his master only waits the trial to be over, to take him into his service. The countryman being at a loss to know the place where this transaction was committed, the shoemakers went with him, and he found the house, within the Bell Savage gateway, as he has mentioned. If that evidence will be of any use, they are both here.


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . Mr. Aldridge being an acquaintance of mine, I having brought one of this man's gambling fellow's acquaintance to justice here, he told me this affair, to see if I could get his watch again, by finding the man that ran away with it. When I was had to the prisoner, I knew him as soon as I saw him; and when I spoke to him about it, he said he had the watch in his hand, but the other man snatched it out of his hand and ran away with it: but he would not give me any account of the other man.

Prisoner's Defence.
I saw this man reading some stationers books, and I was doing the same: I told him I had the misfortune to lose a horse of my father's: I gave him the marks of the horse, and went into this house for a pint of purl to drink; after that we had another: then a little man came in, that called himself captain; he asked me whether I would go to sea; I told him I had other business; then he asked my prosecutor, whether he would go to sea, and said you d - d dog, why do not you go to sea, it is better than staying here to drink butter-milk. Then he asked me if I would game; he said he would lay a halfpenny under a hat, and guess three times out of four, which the countryman could not. He asked me to do it for six-pence, which I did and won: he then asked me to do it again, which I did, and won another six-pence. I gave him his shilling again, that he might have done; then he feigned himself ill, and went out and brought in a glass of brandy in his hand. The countryman shewed me his watch, and said, if I could get him 7 l. for it, I should have two of it. I said, I would not do any such thing. I was a stranger in town and did not know what company I was in.
Pain. Such a stranger as he is, I have known him about the town above two years.
Prisoner. After this the countryman said, I wish you would get him to go seven guineas against my watch. I had got two guineas; I went to shew them, and he strove to snatch them away from me. Afterwards, I consented to lend him two guineas, which, with a sixpence, was all I had. Then he took the halfpenny twice, and asked me to put it under. He saw it was lost. I would not give him the watch, but he insisted upon it. I went to the landlady to pay; she said the other man was jumped out at the window: then I said I would go to Justice Fielding. I asked a boy the way; he said he would go with me, and he went to the Mansion-House. Going along he resented it: I struck him twice with my stick and ran, backwards, and he after me: he threw me down, and put his knee upon my breast, and I have spit blood ever since. He and I went in as friends. I was to give him some account of the marks of the horse.
To his Character.


                  Robert 
                  Bennet 
               



            . I live with 
               
                  George 
                  Jennings 
               



            , Esq; I have known the prisoner from an infant. He came from Stortford, in Cheshire.
Q. Have you lately been acquainted with him?
Bennet. It is pretty near four years ago since I left the country. I did not know he was in London till about three days ago. He bore a very good character. I had a brother served seven years with his father.


                  Edward 
                  Hoole 
               



            . I live at Stortford, in Cheshire. I came to town to go to the East-Indies. I know the prosecutor's friends; they are honest, reputable people, and he is a young man, that bore a good character all the time that I knew him.
Q. Have you known him lately?
Hoole. It is upwards of a year since I saw him in the country.
Q. Do you know how long he has been in town?
Hoole, No.
James. Ashley. I came from Stortford, where his friends live.
Q. Have you known him lately?
Ashley. I knew nothing of him for these three last years.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
