







147, 148, 149. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Miles 
                     Cook 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Bryan 
                     Donnelly 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Owen 
                     Keney 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing two silver watches, value 5 l. twelve silver coat-buttons, value 10 s. one silver seal, val. 12 d. one seal set in silver, value 6 d. one gilt band for a hat, value 12 d. one gold ring, value 7 s. one silver hat-buckle set with stones, value 12 d. one piece of silver gilt, one ducat, sixteen guineas, six quarter guineas, eight half guineas, and 6 l. in money numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Martin 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , April 6
. +


                  Henry 
                  Martin 
               



            . I keep the sign of the Drum, in St. Thomas's-street, Drury-lane


. I went to bed last Tuesday was a week a little after eleven o'clock, and left Donnelly and Cook in the house below; Cook brought me up the key of my cellar door, and said the other was gone home; after that he came up again, and said he wanted change for silver, I shewed him my money to take change; he lodged in my house, I thought I could have trusted him with untold gold; the next morning my door was found open, and the things mentioned in the indictment missing, (mentioning them by name) and he was gone; I made enquiry who was last in my house, and found they were Cook, Donnelly, and his wife; I went to Donnelly's lodging in Parker's-lane, I found his wife in bed, the said he was gone out along with Cook, who had been there; a woman there said she heard Cook say he had a sufficiency of money to carry them to Ireland, and when that was gone he had something to make money of. (Donnelly is a seaman lately come home in the Dragon.) I went to Justice Fielding, and got a warrant, and soon had information they were both secured at the Bull's-head in Stretton-street; we went there and searched them, I saw my coat buttons, my hat-band, and hat-buckle taken out ofDonnelly's left hand breeches pocket; he turned about and said to 
               Cook, O
             dear Cook, did I think you could rob a man that was so good to us? he said to me, I have got no more of your things, I did not know whose they were, he gave them to me to keep for him. Then we proceeded to search Cook, in his pocket there was found my green purse, my gold ring, a ducat, which I believe to be mine, and my little ladle, a 3 d. piece, and a chain washed with gold, which my child used to wear about her neck; (producing them) there was found also three quarter guineas, four half guineas, 2 l. 3 s. in silver, a French groat, a king James's groat, and four half crowns. Keney was in company with them, he went out and crossed the way. A coach-man said to me, If you are the man that has been robbed, there is a man that has been drinking with them all this morning; meaning Keney. Then I said, Mr. Keney, I want to speak with you; when he came in again he stood on my right hand, with another person between us; I desired Mr. Gay, who had searched the other, to search him; I observed Keney to stoop back and drop something which he took out of his right hand pocket, there was found upon the ground one of my watches by him, the case flew off with the fall, the other watch was found in the room thrust up the chimney.
Q. Was Keney with the other two in your house over night?
Martin. He was not.


                  Michael 
                  Sprage 
               



            , a headbrough, and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Gay 
               



            . a constable, deposed to the searching the prisoners, and confirmed the account given of that by the prosecutor.
Cook's Defence.
I have been guilty of a br each of trust; he trusted me with this money, and the taking care of his house. After the people were out of the house, I went up with the key of the cellar-door to him; his money was upon the chair. He knocked again; I went up. I took the money, to be sure, but there was never a guinea there; there was seven half guineas, and about 8 s. He had every farthing again.
Donnelly's Defence.
I knowed no more of it than your Lordship does, Cook gave me the buttons, I knowed nothing where he had them.
Keney's Defence.
I know nothing in the world of it.
Cook. Neither of these had a hand in it.
For Keney.


                  Thomas 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I am a fruiterer opposite the Mansion-house. I have known Keney several years, and trusted him with a great deal of money. A great many times he has portered for me a long time: I believe him to be an honest man.


                  Richard 
                  Lynch 
               



            . I have known him about four years; he lodged with me about six weeks; I look upon him to be an honest man.
Cook and Donnelly 


               Guilty 39 s
            .
Keney 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


