







130, 131. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Powell 
                  



                
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Powell 
               



             , widow
, were indicted, the first for 


               stealing one garnet necklace, value 40 s. one mock garnet ditto, value 3 s. and one gold ring, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James Hammar 
                     Biker 
                  



               
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have bee stolen
            , April 3

.


                  Mary 
                  Biker 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  James Hammar 
                  Biker 
               



            ; the prisoner 
               
                  Jane 
                  Powell 
               



             was my servant
.
Q. How long did she live with you?
Biker. About a fortnight, at the close of which she pretended that she had fits, and could not con tinue any longer in my service, so she went away, but said she had got a place which she approved of much better than her present one I look'd about and missed two necklaces, as mentioned in the indictment, and likewise a mourning ring, concluding she had taken them away from out of my room, for being my house-maid she had access to the place where they were put. On this I went to Mr. Fielding, who granted a warrant to search her lodgings. She lodged with her mother
, the other prisoner, where the things were found: I was present at the search. They were both carried before justice Fielding, where one was charged with stealing and the other with receiving them. They both denied knowing any thing of it, but at last Eleanor beg'd for mercy, and then Jane fell on her knees, begging for mercy likewise.


                  Richard 
                  Gay 
               



            . I am a constable, and searched the lodging of the two prisoners. We sat Eleanor on a chair, and bid her sit still while we searched about. She sat very composed at first, but when we went to the grate she altered very much, and appeared very uneasy. She went, and insisted upon sweeping up the ashes herself, but we would not let her. I looked in the grate, and took it out, and in one corner of it I found the two necklaces, and in the other corner I found the mourning ring. [Produced in court, and deposed to.] I also found a pair of gold buttons in another room, which are not laid in the indictment. I observed the mother was very uneasy when we came near where that was concealed. I found about forty different keys about the house. [He produced four which he had tried, and they opened the prosecutrix's locks where the things were taken from.] The key that opened the lock where Mrs. Biker deposed she kept her necklaces, was found with the necklaces in the grate.
Mrs. Biker. These four keys (taking them in her hand) will lock and unlock four of my locks.
Jane's Defence.
I never tried to open a lock in my life; my mother is innocent of the whole of this.
Eleanor's Defence.
I knew nothing of any such things being in my apartment; as to the keys, they are the keys of my tea chest, and of my drawers.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


