






296, 297. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Fagan 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Saunders 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing 16 guineas, 2 half guineas, and 12 s. and 6 d. in money, numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Shoosmith 
                        




                      
                  , privately and secretly from his person
            , Sept. 24
. *
James Shoosmith. I met with the two prisoners at the Adam and Eve, hard by Pancras churchyard; Fagan was carrying a pot of beer out, to carry to two men that were cleaning a moat out; the two men ask'd me, if I wanted a jobb? I said, I did not care if I had a jobb.
Q. When was this?
Shoosmith. This was on a wednesday, three weeks, or near a month ago; the two women at the bar were there; I went to help them, and was to have a shilling for half a day's work.
Q. Who was to give you the shilling?
Shoosmith. The man at the Adam and Eve was to give it me.
Q. Did you help them?
Shoosmith. I did for three hours and a half; I had not had much victuals, and I found myself failing; I told the men I could not stand it, and I went out of the mud, and left my shoes in the mud, and could not get them out; I went and thought to go and buy myself a pair of shoes at St. Gyles's. I went down the fields about forty poles from the house, and lay down to rest me. Fagan followed me, and the other came just after her; they were soon both about me.
Q. Was you asleep?
Shoosmith. I was.
Q. Then how can you tell what was done?
Shoosmith. I felt Fagan's hand in my pocket.
Q. Did you speak to her?
Shoosmith. No, I did not.
Q. Could you feel her hand in your pocket, and say nothing to her?
Shoosmith. Yes, Sir, I did.
Q. Which pocket was it?
Shoosmith. It was my right-hand pocket, as I was laying down.
Q. What was 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Saunders 
               



             doing at that time?
Shoosmith. She stood about a pole off, when this money was taken from me; Fagan took it.
Q. Did she take any?
Shoosmith. No, she did not. I was not quite fast asleep, but I was doasing, then I awaked.
Q. Had you any commerce with either of the women?
Shoosmith. No, I had not.
Q. What did you lose?
Shoosmith. I lost in all, to tell the plain truth, upwards of 30 guineas.
Q. Whose money was it?
Shoosmith. It was my own money.
Q. How came you to have so much money about you?
Shoosmith. I had had it seven years in my pocket. I have been earning of it ever since I was a little boy; I can bring farmers to witness it.
Q. How long had you been asleep?
Shoosmith. I had slept I believe not quite two hours; when I got up, I felt in my pocket, and my money was gone.
Q. How could you sleep quietly two hours, when you felt the woman's hand in your pocket?
Shoosmith. I did not sleep after I found her hand in my pocket.
Q. Did you then charge them with it?
Shoosmith. No; I got up, but could not tell which way they went, and I had no shoes to follow them.
Q. Was you drunk?
Shoosmith. No, I was not; I was taken not over and above well.
Q. Where did you meet with the prisoners again?
Shoosmith. I found Fagan at the black horse in Dyer's street accidentally, as I was going by the door; then I charg'd her with taking my money.
Q. And do you swear she took it from you?
Shoosmith. I do swear she did; they left two half crowns and a shilling in my pocket; she own'd to that going before the justice, just before we came to his house.

Q. What were her words, as near as you can recollect?
Shoosmith. Said she, I did not leave the rogue desolate, he had no occasion to swear against me; I left him two half crowns and a shilling in his pocket, and I had that left in my pocket.
Q. Did either of them know that you had money about you?
Shoothsmith. They both clean'd me when I came out of the mud, and by scraping my breeches my money stuck out; they might perceive it: I bid them keep away, and said, I had no business for them.
Q. Was your money loose in your pocket, or in a purse?
Shoosmith. It was in two parcels, in a purse tied up, and in a bag, or linnen cloth.
Q. Had you ever your money again?
Shoosmith. No, I never had.
Q. What do you say against Saunders?
Shoosmith. I know she had part of my money.
Q. How do you know that?
Shoosmith. We took 17 guineas from her after she was taken; 16 old ones, and 2 half guineas.
Q. Where was that?
Shoosmith. In the constable's house.
Q. Did you find any thing upon Fagan?
Shoosmith. We found 12 s. and 6 d. upon her.
Q. Did Saunders say which way she came by that money you found upon her?
Shoosmith. She said, she found it.
Q. How long after you lost your money was it, that this money was found on Saunders?
Shoosmith. It was found the next day.
Q. Did you find either of your bags again?
Shoosmith. No, I did not.
Jos. Mackdaniel. I am a constable; I search'd the prisoner by order of justice Welch, and found 16 guineas, and two half guineas on Saunders; it was in a little bit of a cloth. (he produc'd the money in a cloth) I am not certain that this cloth is it.
Prosecutor. This is not my cloath.
Q. Look at the money: can you tell whether any part of it is your's?
Prosecutor. There is nothing particular on any of them.
Q. to Mackdaniel. How did Saunders say she came by the money?
Mackdaniel. She said, she found it.


                  Hugh 
                  Fagan 
               



             I took the two prisoners. I took Fagan at the Noah's-ark in Dyer's-street; the other I took at the Turk's-head in the same street. When Fagan was my prisoner, she said to me, a lousy country dog, he had no occasion to swear against her, for she left him two half crowns and a shilling in his pocket; in searching her, I found 12 s. and 6 d. in silver, and a few half-pence ( produc'd in court.)
Q. to Prosecutor. What money did you find in your pocket after you had been robb'd?
Prosecutor. There was left two half crowns and a shilling.
Fagan's Defence.
My fellow prisoner and I went out a gathering of black-berries; going by the church we met two men in the moat; they as'd me, if I would give them any beer; I said, with all pleasure; one of the men said, I will be 3 d to your 3 d. I said, with all my heart; he said, do you go to the Adam and Eve and order it; I did. I happen'd to meet a woman, she ask'd me, what brought me there, and desired me to go to her home with her; I said, another woman was come along with me to go a black-berrying. This man (the prosecutor) was standing by the other men, he stripp'd stark naked to go to fight with the men in the mud. he had not a bit of shirt to his back; he said he was out of work; he was so much in liquor, they help'd him out of the moat; one said, I'll be 6 d. and the other I'll be 6 d. will not you be 6 d. they said to us, we willingly was 6 d. The prosecutor had a pennyworth of bread and cheese, and paid for two pots of beer; he said, he would fight any of them, and stripp'd in the publick house to fight them; I said to them, sie for shame, how could you make the poor creature so in liquor? they said, what is that to you; I said, he will be drown'd if he goes in the water; then he went into the water, they stood on each side and he in the middle; he fell down; I begg'd for God's sake that they would help him out When he got out, he begg'd of me to go and have a pint of beer with him; I said, I will not drink with you; he said, I have money; he put his hand in his pocket, there was a shilling and a half a crown. This woman by me went from me, and she found that money, where she found it I do not know.
Saunders's Defence.
I was in the field, this man wanted me to go and drink with him, I would not; he said, I should; we went and drank at the Adam and Eve; then he went to go to work, and fell down on his back in the mud and mire; we cry'd out shame; he call'd for help; the water was as high as his middle; the two men draw'd him out, and he lost both his shoes; I saw only half a crown and a shilling he had about him, upon my word; I found 12 guineas in the field.
Fagan 

               guilty
            



               Death
            .
Saunders 


               guilty of felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


