






262, 263. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Price 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Nichols 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one linnen handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Alderton 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , May 21
. ||


                  William 
                  Alderton 
               



            . I am a major
 in his Majesty's service. On the 18th of May, about 6 in the evening, I was going into the park, the two prisoners passed me; a woman came and told me they had picked my pocket of a handkerchief; I ran and took Price, and found my handkerchief and four others of different colours upon him, (produced in court) they were in his pocket by the side of his coat, seemingly made on purpose. He confessed the other prisoner took them with him, and the other confessed his taking them, and more.


                  Richard 
                  Merryfield 
               



            . I am clerk to Justice Cox. On the prisoners second examination they both confessed themselves guilty of taking the prosecutor's and the other handkerchiefs, that one pulled them half way out, and the other came after and took them quite out.
Price in his defence said, he took the handkerchief off the ground; and Nichols said, he saw him.


                  Thomas 
                  Blackway 
               



            , who had known Price upwards of two years, spoke well of his behaviour.


                  Morris 
                  Mouk 
               



             deposed, Nichols had lived with him two years within a week of the fact, and that he behaved extreamly well.
Both 


               Guilty 10 d.
            




               T
            .
