





129. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wise 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 2 guineas of 
                     
                        John 
                        Green 
                     




                    in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Mallet 
                     



, Feb. 15
. ~
John Green. I live in Tottenham-Court-Road


; the prisoner worked for me, I spin packthread and twine
.
Q. In whose house do you live?
Green. I live in a room in the house of 
               
                  John 
                  Mallet 
               



            . Last Shrove-Tuesday I took out one guinea and then another and slung them in my wife's lap; she took them both, and wrapt them up in an old cloth, and tied them in a knot, and put them into a drawer in a pair of chest of drawers, she did not lock the drawer; the prisoner was in the room at the time, and saw me give them to my wife, I was cold, coming in out of the snow, and sat by the fire; there being a parcel of hemp lying so that it in part kept me from seeing the prisoner; I did not see him at the drawer. I went to bed, after which my wife going to the drawer for something, missed the money, the knot was cut off in which it had been tied. The prisoner came to work the next morning, but made off about noon, and I went over the water and took him between 9 and 10 at night, at his own home in Southwark. I told him I had lost 2 guineas, and no body could have it but you. We walked a little way, he was between the constable and me; then he said, if we would go back with him he would give me part of the money; he owned he cut the knot off the rag, and took it out. Then we went to a public house, where the Justice was: we took one guinea out of the prisoner's shoe. He had 2 shillings besides about him. He owned he took it out of my drawer before the Justice; he owned the guinea in his shoe was my property.


                  John 
                  Lockyer 
               



            . I heard the prisoner own, he took the 2 guineas out of my master the prosecutor's drawer. I asked him, if he did not take it when I went out for a pot of twopenny? he said he did much about that time. The weather being bad, we were all in the master's room, till the weather was better.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am as innocent as the child unborn. That last witness was in the room as well as I when the money was lost. I sav'd that money up that they found upon me, and fearing I should be brought into trouble, I gave it him.




               Guilty 21 s.
            



               T
            .
