





210 (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Downe 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk waistcoat, value 10 s. a silk handkerchief, value 1 s. a silk and cotton ditto, value 2 s. two linen shirts, value 1 s. and 23 guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cragg 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Newlove 
                     



, March 11
. ||


                  Thomas 
                  Cragg 
               



            . I lodge in the Butcher-row


, at the house of Mr. Newlove: on the 11th of March I went to the Custom-house, and when I came back I found my trunk open, two locks were broke; I missed a brocaded silk waistcoat, and two India handkerchiefs; I lost two shirts, but they were not in the trunk; the prisoner had lodged there two or three weeks, we had no mistrust of him, but thought somebody else had done it; on the Friday morning after, about two o'clock, I was betwixt sleeping and waking, I found there was somebody in my room; I cried, who is there; it is me, said the prisoner: I said, what do you want; be said, he wanted the chamber-pot; I said, that is not at the feet of the bed (where I found he was) it is up higher, but he never came to look for it, he went down and went away. We heard no more of him till the Saturday, then a man came and told me where he was; then I went and took him; I had missed 23 guineas out of my pocket that night, and when we took him he had 10 guineas, a 5 s. 3 d. piece. and two or three shillings upon him; he confessed it was my property, and that he had taken the money and things, but the man that he confessed it to is gone to the Indies. I did not hear it; he lodged in the same room I did, but in another bed.


                  Thomas 
                  Portal 
               



            . I stopt a brocaded waistcoat upon the prisoner at the bar, he told me it was his own, it being much too big for him; although he brought two people to say it was his property, I could not believe them, and I stopt and advertised it, and when the prosecutor came and owned it I delivered it to him.


                  Hannah 
                  Parrot 
               



            . I bought two old shirts of the prisoner at the bar, about the 10th or 11th of March; he said they were his own. (Produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Elizabeth 
                  Newlove 
               



             The waistcoat was delivered to me at the Justice's; I had a little business to do, and I gave it my uncle to take home, and he had put it into his drawer, but it has since been taken away by somebody; I know that and the shirts were the prosecutor's property. The prisoner had got a watch, two rings, and a pair of silver buckels when taken, but I do not know of any he had before; he was taken up on the 14th of March.
Prisoner's defence.
I worked hard for that money at sea: I had not taken all my wages when I did lodge there.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
