





94. (M.) 
               
                  Sarah, wife
 of 
                     
                        Benj 
                        Lane 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one screw-box, value one farthing, two guineas, and one half guinea, the property of 
                     
                        Eliz
                         . Chalkley
                     




                  , privately from her person
            , Feb. 20
.* 
Eliz. Chalkley. I am a milk-woman
. The prisoner carried milk about for me. I was sick in bed, and desired her to bring me my pocket. I had a wooden screw box in it, but I having two pockets, [ Producing them both ] she brought the wrong one to me, which had not the box in it. My money, two guineas, and a half, were in the box, and that pocket I had laid on the foot of the bed; afterwards that pocket was found lying on the table, and the box and money were gone. I did not accuse her, but afterwards it was reported about, that she had found a great gold ring, and she was got drunk and on the bed. The next witness can say more than I can.


                  Thomas 
                  Martin 
               



            . I live just by the prosecutrix. She told me her servant was drunk, and neglected her business. I went and found her in Kingsland-road drunk on a bed. I awak'd her, and said, you have us'd your mistress ill. I am afraid you have pick'd her pocket of the box which she says she has lost. She said she knew nothing of it. In about two minutes time, a woman that was there said, the prisoner had got a great gold ring that cost 28 s. She delivered it to the woman of the house, and she delivered it to me. [ A very large gold ring produced in court.] Said I, what have you done with the remainder of the money? She said, I have no money. How came you by this ring? She said she bought it for 20 s. at the corner of the London work-house-gate; the person's name Gibson. I went there; he said he had not seen such a ring for above a year. Then the prisoner was secured, and sent to New-prison, on suspicion of robbing her mistress. I went to see her in prison. There she confessed to me she had taken the two guineas and half out of her mistress's window, from out of a paper. I said, you certainly made a mistake, and when you carried your mistress's plaid pocket to her, you took this money out of her leather pocket. The next day she was taken before justice Fielding. He ask'd her, what she had done with her mistress's money? She said, she had laid it out. Then I produced this gold ring. He said, it was more fit for a horse than a woman. He ask'd her what it cost? she said, 28 s. and that she bought it of one of her mistress's customers in Spital-square, newly set up. I went there, and the man said he sold it to her for 28 s. Then I said to the prisoner, had not you better tell what you have done with the box; she said, she had flung it down the necessary, at an alehouse I use. I went there, and the box was found accordingly. [ Produced in court.]




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from her person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


