





70. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Kelly 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two waistcoats, value 2 s. two jackets, value 3 s. two linen shirts, value 3 s. a check shirt, a pair of thread hose, five pair of worsted hose, and one pair of stone sleeve buttons set in silver, a pair of leather pumps, a silver dollar, and a half silver dollar
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward
                      M'Daniel
                  




               
            , Dec. 4
. ++


                  Edward
               


             M'Daniel. On the 4th of this instant I was ship-keeper
 to the Anne and Elizabeth in Mr. Graves's lower yard, in a dock, Limehouse


; I locked up every thing safe, and went on shore from six to nine; when I came back, Mr. Johnson had the prisoner in custody; I went on board, and found the cabin-door and the chest in the cabin broke open.


                  Henry 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I went on board this ship; I found she was broke open, I struck a light, and went down into her; then I heard a foot walking softly above; I went up, there was the prisoner; I secured him, and took him on shore to the watch-house, he told us if we would let him go, he would produce all the things, that they were all done up in a blue jacket; I told him, if he would produce the things that night, I would not hurt him; he wanted me to make oath that I would not; we never got the things.
Q. to M'Daniel. What things were missing?
M'Daniel. There were all the things mentioned in the indictment missing, and as I had the care of the ship, I am liable to make them good; there were, of my own property, two jackets, a white shirt, and a pair of pumps missing; the prisoner pretended there were two men concerned with him, one was taken, but it appeared before the Justice that he was innocent, and he was cleared there.
Prisoner's defence.
I know no more of the things than the child unborn.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
