





599. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Housden 
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Bridges 
                  




                
            , September 26
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Bridges 
               



            . I am a silversmith
, and live on Fish-street-hill


. On the 26th of September, the prisoner came into my shop to look at some silver buckles. I shewed him some. He took two pair out of a shew-glass. He kept one pair in his hand, and delivered the other to me to weight; and see what they came to. I weighed them, and told him what they came to. He said they were too dear. He then asked the price of several others, but they were all too dear. I then put that drawer away, and shewed him another drawer full; he still kept to the same, they were too dear, but he kept the pair in his hand. Then he wanted a second-hand pair. I said it was needless to shew him any, as he did not want to buy. He then pitched upon a pair, and they were weighed. He agreed to pay five shillings and nine-pence an ounce, and they came to fourteen shillings. Then he said he would not give so much, he would have some allowance for the chases. He would give but twelve shillings. By this time he had secreted the pair he had in his hand. He then said they were rather flight, and there was a crack in one of them, and he had seen some he liked better, and wanted to look in the drawer again. I said, if he did not like them he might leave them; I would not shew him any more. It was about tea-time. I called to my spouse to bring my tea down. She did. I desired her to stay in the shop. Then I went round the counter to where he was to drink it. At last he said, You will not take any less. I said, No. Then he went out of the shop. I followed him out, and brought him in again. I told him he had got a pair of my silver buckles. He took them out and laid them on the counter.
Q. Where did he take them out from?
Bridges. I do not know what part of his coat he took them from.


                  James 
                  Ford 
               



            . I was going by, and saw Mr. Bridges have hold of the prisoner, getting him into the shop. I asked him what was the matter; he told me the prisoner came in to cheapen a pair of silver buckles, and he had stole a pair. I lent him some assistance. We got him in. He went on his knees, and begged forgiveness, and said it was the first offence. He was some time before he would quit hold of Mr. Bridges. When he said he would go for a constable, I held him. Mr. Bridges could not get a constable, so we took him to the Compter. He had not the buckles in his hand when I first saw him, but he took them from some part of his clothes and laid them on the counter.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to this gentleman's shop to buy a pair of buckles, and he pulled out a glass. I looked upon a pair, and fixed on them; the gentleman weighed them, and said they came to sixteen or seventeen shillings, I told him that was too much, and asked him if he had any that would come cheaper. He put that glass in, and took out another. Then I fixed upon a pair. He weighed them, and they came to fourteen shillings. I said I would give him twelve shillings. He would not take it. I took up one, and put it to my shoe. It looked like a child's buckle. I took the pair of buckles, and went to the door to look at them; he took hold of my, and said I am going to run away with them. I said, You have no need to be afraid; I am not going to way. I am a waterman
.


                  James 
                  Ford 
               



            . How Mr. Bridges's door were and the prisoner when they were stealing?
Ford. They were two or three yards out of the shop. The prisoner wanted to get away.
Prosecutor. I believe he was got about two yards from the door when I laid hold of him.
To his Character.


                  Edward 
                  Wade 
               



            . I am a waterman. The prisoner is my apprentice.
Q. How old is he?
Wade. He is twenty-one, or pretty near the mark.
Q. What character do you give him?
Wade. As good a character as a poor man can do. He served me duely and truely the time he was with me, day and night, in order to get money.
Q. Was he master of twelve or fourteen shillings to buy silver buckles?
Wade. Sometimes apprentices will keep more money than they give to their masters. They get it by flowing of boats.


                  Joseph 
                  Wade 
               



            . I knew him from a baby. I never heard any bad character of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
