






536, 537 (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Rowlins 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Henry , otherwise 
Horton




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing four linen shirts, value 8 s. two neck-cloths, a pair of silk stockings, a pair of thread stockings, two pair of worsted stockings, two silk handkerchiefs, a linen gown, a linen apron, and two linen towels
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Saunderson 
                  




                
            , July 27
. ++


                  Jonathan 
                  Saunderson 
               



            . I live in Princes-street, near Barbican


. My window was whole over night, and the morning of the 22d of July, about five o'clock, I went to wash myself, but could not find a towel. I looked, and found my window in the kitchen was broke, and the things mentioned in the indictment gone. My wife takes in washing. They were ironed, and hung upon a horse.



                  Richard 
                  Houlston 
               



            . I am a whipmaker. As I was coming down the street, about six o'clock, or a little after, in the morning, I saw three people stand at a post almost opposite the prosecutor's door. Rowlins and Horton stood there, and another stood at the corner of the stationer's shop. I know the prisoners by sight, by passing by my master's door. My master is named Brown; he lives in Brackley-street. I passed them, and heard one say, Go it. I turned about, and saw Rowlins go down into the area. I was then at the cabinetmaker's door. He chucked up two bundles to Horton; then they all three went away. I came to the door after they were gone, and knocked, and the man stopped me, and took me to a constable.
Q. Why did you not pursue?
Houlston. I was afraid to pursue.


                  Hannah 
                  Saunderson 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. Here are some of the things. They were brought one morning into the kitchen when I was in bed. Two shirts and four pair of stockings, the things lost, I had to wash. We have got no more of the things again. I was told it was Rowlins's mother that brought these again.
Rowlins's Defence.
I was coming along Princes-street, about half an hour after five, and overtook Horton: he was going into Long-lane, he said, for purl. We saw two bundles in the area: there were two rails out: Horton bid me go down and get them. Just as he spoke these words that Evidence came by, and asked what we were about. I said, there is something in the area, but I do not know what it is: I got down, and gave it up to Horton.
Horton's Defence the same.
Houlston. I said nothing to them as I past.


                  Margaret 
                  Rowlins 
               



            . I am mother to the prisoner. On the Saturday morning they were brought home, and I carried them to Mrs. Saunderson on the Monday morning following. Mr. Saunderson and his wife desired to get them again, they not being their own, and they begged I would endeavour to find out the boys, and get them.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
