





280 (L.) 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Beck 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden case, value 12 d. three pair of silver ear-rings, value 9 s. and ten pair of other earrings, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clare 
                  




                
            , Jan. 30
. *


                  John 
                  Clare 
               



            . I am a jeweller
, and live in Fleet-street; I lost garnet and other ear-rings, to the number of fourteen or fifteen pair, on the 30th of January: about six years ago the prisoner worked journey-work for me; about six weeks before Christmas last, he came and shewed me a paper, and said he had been discharged from the guards; I gave him 6 d. and desired him to stay and dine; he came another time after, I desired him to dine; then I recommended him to go to Birmingham for work; I desired him to come to me on the 30th of January, to take a letter of recommendation; he came; I was going to give him a glass of liquor, he desired a bit of bread; while I stepped for that, I imagine the ear-rings were taken; he drank the dram, and went away; in the morning I missed a box, containing an uncertain number of ear-rings; as there had been no body but the prisoner in the house, I was fully convinced it must be him that took them; I sent notices out to pawnbrokers to stop them, if offered; I got on intelligence till the 5th, then I was informed he had deserted from the guards; I was going down Tooley-street to enquire after him, and saw in Mr. Spencer, a pawnbroker's window there, a pair of ear-rings which I knew to be my make; I sent my servant 
               
                  William 
                  Best 
               



             to look at them; he knew them to be my making, being concerned in the making them; then I went and got a warrant in the Borough, and went to Mr. Spencer's, he shewed me two odd ones; I told him they were my property, and were stole; I told him I had a warrant against the party, named 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Beck 
               



            ; he said he bought them of him, that he had known him some time; after that he stopped the prisoner, and sent for me; when I came to him to a public-house, I told him the only satisfaction he could make me, was to be generous, and tell me where the rest of my earrings were; he said he would; a pen and ink was brought; I took an account from him of six pair, first pawned, then sold, to Mr. Spencer; five pair to Mr. Brooks, in Joiner-street in the Borough; three pair at a pawnbroker's on Ludgate-hill; three pair sold to a jeweller in Noble-street; I went to Mr. Brooks, he owned he had taken in three pair of the prisoner, they were delivered to me; the next day the pawnbroker on Tower hill delivered the three pair he had got, but said he could not swear to the prisoner.


                  James 
                  Gatey 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Spencer in Tooley-street; the prisoner brought six pair of earrings to my master's the first of February; he pledged three pair for 3 s. and three larger for 6 s. he came afterwards, and said he was in distress, and my master bought them for 16 s. after that Mr. Clare's man came, and said they were his master's; after that Mr. Clare came and owned them; after that the prisoner came to pawn a sheet, and we stopped him, and sent for Mr. Clare.


                  Walter 
                  Brooks 
               



             deposed he took in five pair of the prisoner.


                  Samuel 
                  Smith 
               



            , the constable, deposed to the prisoner's confession, and finding the things, which were produced and deposed to as part of the goods lost.
Prisoner's defence.
I acknowledge what has been said of me to be true, I did not know what was in the box when I first had it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
