





456. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of silk stockings, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Foote 
                  




                
            , July 31
. *
(At the request of the prisoner the witnesses were examined apart.)


                  William 
                  Foote 
               



            . I live in Bond-street, I am a haberdasher and hatter
; I lately entered into the hatting way, and being unacquainted with cocking hats, the prisoner was recommended to learn me, and I was to give him half a guinea; I missed several pair of silk stockings the time he was with me; I had occasion to go into the city, and I took him with me; I went to a wholesale hosier; after that his man seeing the prisoner with me, asked me if he was my servant; I said he was with me at present: he told me he was turned away for robbing the master he was with before; that was not the man that recommended him to me. Some little time after my wife told me she saw him put a pair of silk stockings in his pocket; I asked him if he had not some of my stockings in his pocket; he denied having any: I searched, and found two pair of silk stockings upon him, (produced in court.) Here is my private mark upon one pair, and I am sure to the other; he said he hoped I would forgive him; he then confessed he had stole several other pair, some silk, some worsted. Two gentlemen heard this confession besides me, before we carried him to a magistrate.
Q. Did you promise him any favour?
Foote. I promised to be as favourable in laying the indictment as I could, and I have not laid the indictment capital, which I might have done; the pawnbroker is not come; he has another pair which the prisoner acknowledged to the pawning of.
Prisoner's defence
I leave myself to the mercy of the court.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
