





487. (M) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Trafford 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 4th of August
, about the hour of ten in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Morgan 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing one cloth coat, value 20 s. five linen shirts, value 10 s. three linen shifts, value 6 s. and a stuff petticoat, the property of the said William, in his dwelling-house
            . ++
(At the desire of the prisoner, the witnesses were examined apart.)


                  William 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I am a wine merchant
, and live in Stanhope-street, Clare-market


. On the 4th of August, when I was going up to bed, between ten and eleven o'clock, when I got up to the landing-place, I thought I heard a man's foot; I called to my servants below, and said I believed there must be somebody in the house; upon standing there, I heard a board crack; I looked at the door, and saw no key in it, as usual; I tried to open the door, and found it locked; I looked with the candle, and found the key was not in the door; then I went into the dining-room, which opens into the other room, in that was a great arm chair; I desired the girl to stand behind me; I removed the chair, and opened the door, and saw the prisoner standing at the farther and of the room, without coat, waistcoat, hat or shoes; I held the door in one hand, and the candle in the other; before he reached the door, I shut it too, but he came with such violence, that he forced one of the screws that held the lock, I put my foot to the bottom of the door; the girl ran down stairs, and called for help; the prisoner opened the sash, and I heard the window below break; then I went into the room and looked out, but saw no body; I perceived a little bundle lying in the room tied up; I ran down stairs, to see if he was in the back yard; we searched there, and the kitchen, but could not find him; we searched all the house over; then we went to the necessary house; upon the door being pulled, he burst out; I perceived his shirt bloody; I received a blow over my hand; I had a poker in my hand, with which I made a defence; we soon laid hold of him, and secured him.
Q. Did you know him before?
Morgan. No, I never saw him before that time to my knowledge; in the bundle were the things mentioned in the indictment, (mentioning them;) the coat was taken out of the garret, and the other things taken out of a foul clothes bag, and the petticoat from our lodging room; it appeared he came in at the garret window.


                  Martha 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I shut that window betwixt seven and eight o'clock, there is no fastening to it but a button; the prisoner might be concealed in the house before six; the street door was open in the evening, but not late.
Prisoner's defence.
I am a carpenter
, I worked for Mr. Bailey; I was at work at the Red Lion in Newgate market; my master ordered me, when I left work, to go and do business in Piccadilly; coming home through that street, I observed there was a crowd of people, I asked what was the matter; the people said they did not know; I saw people going into the house, I went in; the gentleman took hold of me, and said, I believe you are the person that was in my house; he up with a poker, and wanted to kill me; he took me before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; Sir John asked him, if he could swear to me; h e said no; he said he found a pair of shoes, and I having my buckles in my pocket, he said the shoes must be mine.
Morgan. There was a pair of shoes tied up in the bundle, and he had no shoes on; he had a pair of plated buckles in his pocket.




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
