





369. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     Brown 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two shift bodies, seven linen sheets, four nankeen waistcoats, three aprons, a petticoat, two pair of worsted stockings
            , the property of 
               
                  Gasper 
                  Bruner 
               




             , June 28
. *


                  Elizabeth 
                  Bruner 
               



            . Gasper Bruner is my husband, we keep a public-house
; I was sitting in the bar, and through a glass-door I observed a woman upon the stairs, last Saturday in the evening; I asked her what she had been up stairs for; she said she had made a mistake; I saw she had a great bundle, I pushed her into the bar, it was the prisoner at the bar; I found the bundle to be linen, and things which the washerwoman had brought home but about a quarter of an hour before, the same as mentioned in the indictment; I sent for the headborough; he took an account of the things, and took her to the Round-house: (the goods produced and deposed to.)
Q. Had the prisoner been drinking in your house?
E. Bruner. I do not remember that she had.


                  Rebekah 
                  Clover 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bruner; I received this bundle of my mistress when the washerwoman brought them home, and carried them up into the dining-room upon a table, but a little before the prisoner was stopped with them.
Prisoner's defence.
I lodged in St. Giles's about a fortnight; I was to have met a man and his wife; I went into the house for a pennyworth of beer; there were some people I did not care to see; I went into the entry, and there I found this bundle; I was bringing it to the gentlewoman at the bar; she took it from me, and swore I robbed her.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
