





497. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anthony 
                     Fairwell 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver-print mug, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Gardner 
               




             , August 6
. ++


                  Christopher 
                  Gardner 
               



            . I live at the Black boy, in St. Catharine's


. On the 6th of August, about half an hour after twelve, I believe I lost my mug from out of my tap room: the prisoner and his acquaintance were drinking out of a tankard in a box: I know the other man to be an honest man. I went out of town, and my wife told me when I returned, she had lost a pint mug: when I was gone to Mr. Fielding, Mr. Salmon came and gave an account of the mug. The prisoner was taken up, and he confessed it was the first thing he ever did of the sort in his life.


                  Robert 
                  Salmon 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar came to my house, about eight o'clock that morning, the 7th of August, and told me he wanted to dispose of this mug; I asked him how he came by it, or whether it was his own? he said, it was his own, and the inscription on it, was his wife's father's, who had been dead some time, and left it to his wife, and their necessity obliged them to dispose of it.
Q. Where do you live?
Salmon. I live in Barbican. I said, if you will stay till the inscription is taken out, you will make more of it: he said, he could not stay. I said it will be putting a crown into your pocket: he said he could not stay, but would call again. When he was gone, I went by the inscription, and found the house of Mr. Gardner; I called for a Pennyworth of porter, and asked the woman how long Mr. Gardner had been dead? she said, he is alive and well. Said I, have you heard any thing of your mug? she said, her husband was gone to Justice Fielding's about it; then I found it had been stolen. I ran home, and got there three of four minutes before the prisoner came; he asked if it was done? I said, stop, I have almost done it: he said, I wish you would give me half a guinea; I said, stay a little, and you shall have the value of your mug; I said, I'll give you half a guinea, and do you come by and by, and take the rest: he would not step into my shop. I went up stairs, and bid my wife go down, and put her hand in her pocket, and say, I am to give you half a guinea, and in the mean time, I'll step out at the back door, and come round and take him. She went, and did as I directed, and I slipped out and seized him: then I sent word to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             that I had got the person and the mug that Mr. Gardner had been with him about that morning.
Prisoner's Defence.
A person that was going to Florida, desired me to drink with him: I saw him go backwards several times; when we got about ten yards from the house, he said, here; I went to him: he said, hold your coat open (he had something in his hand): he swore, d - n you, hold your coat open, and clapped the mug in; I did not know whether it was silver or pewter: said I, what must I do with this? he said, you son of a b - h, go and fetch some money with it: I said, pray take it back again, he said, he would not, but bid me fell it, and said, he would meet me at 6 at night. I said, I would not sell it; then he said, he would take me back to the man's house, and get me prosecuted for taking it: I was so frighted, I did not know what to do; I carried it to my own cellar, and buried it two feet deep; he came to me when I was at supper, and said, have you sold it? I said, no; then said he, I'll go to Mr. Gardner, and tell him you have got his mug; I said, let the man have his mug again: said he, how can you say you are innocent, you have received it, and he would go and tell Mr. Gardner; then I called after him, and said I would sell it, and I carried it to that gentleman's house; the gentleman weighed it: it weighed 14 ounces; he said, call again in half an hour, and you shall have the money for it. I seeing him go out of his house, the right way to Mr. Gardner's house, I was frightened, and as blind as a beetle; I could not see my way: then I thought I would go and see If I could find the man, and beg of him to let the mug go home again: I went and called for a dram in Mr. Gardner's house, and asked if the man was there that I had been with? they said yes, and the girl said her master was gone after him; then I went to the silversmith's house; he said, well, young man, I have got it done for you almost, it will be finished in a quarter of an hour: his wife came to pay me, and I made no resistance when I was taken.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
