





120. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Morley 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 4th of January
, about the hour of six in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Adgit 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing a pair of leather breeches, value 3 s. a pair of silk knit breeches, and six pair of cloth breeches, the property of the said Samuel, in his dwelling-house
            . ++


                  Samuel 
                  Adgit 
               



            . I live in Field-lane


. Last Sunday was se'nnight I went to bed between five and six in the evening and left my wife up; she called me and said she was robbed; I found eight pair of breeches were gone; I looked about but saw nobody; the next day I took the prisoner up at the Black Raven; he owned he was the person that robbed me.


                  Grace 
                  Adgit 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. Last Sunday was se'nnight, between five and six in the evening, I had been out to get a pirst of beer, and left a candle on the counter, and the top part of the door open, and was sitting by the fire-side, reading in Jeremiah; I saw a man in the shop with a pair of breechee in his hand; he got out at the door, and another man took them; he blew the candle out, and ran towards Holbourn.
Q. Was the lower hatch bolted?
G. Adgit. I think it was.


                  James 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I am an officer; I was sent for to the Black Raven in Chick-lane; I was charged with a man in a blue coat; he denied being concerned, but said, to clear himself, he knew who did this robbery; he took me to the lodgings of 
               
                  John 
                  Seedy 
               



             in Field-lane; he was just got up; these breeches lay behind his pillow; (produced and deposed to by prosecutor.) We took Seedy to the Black Raven. I asked him if he knew any more of his accomplices; he took me to a house; he went, I thought, into a parlour, but I found he went into an alley, and got off; then I went to the Raven again, and applied to the first man taken up, named Hughes; then he took me to the prisoner's lodgings; he was in bed; we made him get up; I brought him to the Black Raven; I asked Hughes if he knew of any more; then the prisoner told the prosecutor he could help him to the woman that bought the goods of Seedy; he took us to a private house on the back of Saffron-hill; having no warrant we went to Justice Girdler, there Hughes desired the prisoner to clear him, persisting he was innocent; the justice said, he had been before him several times; then the prisoner said, Sir, Hughes is innocent of this, for I am the man that robbed Mr. Adgit of his breeches, and said, he took six more pair; upon that he was committed; when we were at the alehouse; the prisoner owned, he first kicked at the door, and no body came; and that if they had, he should have made some excuse; but as nobody came, he came in and took the breeches.
Prisoner's defence.
The door was upon the jar, and I picked them up upon the steps, and gave them to 
               
                  Jack 
                  Seedy 
               



            .




               Guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
