





87. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Mills 
                  , otherwise 
David Wiltshire




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a man's beaver hat, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Rodbard 
                  




                
            , widow
, December 13
. +


                  Nicholas 
                  Simmonds 
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Rodbard 
               



            , a pawnbroker
 in Blackfryers


. On the 13th of December, about nine in the morning, I went to get a 5 s. and 3 d. out of a bureau, to lend one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wyld 
               



            : as I was locking the bureau. I heard one of the shop doors bang too. When I came into the shop again, there were none but the woman. I asked whether somebody did not come in? She told me, a man came in, and reached over the counter, and took a hat, and went out. I had taken it in about half an hour before. I jumped over the counter, and ran up the back-way, and in about a hundred yards I saw the prisoner running; he seemed as if he had got something under his arm. I pursued, and called stop thief, but nobody would stop him. I came-up to him and took him. I told him he was my prisoner, for stealing a hat. I took a hat from under his coat, which was not mine. I then took the hat from his head, it was a very remarkable one, lined with white silk. I knew it well to be the same I had taken in. I brought him to our house, there he acknowledged he had taken it, and said it was his first crime, and went down on his knees. when before the Alderman, he said his name was 
               
                  David 
                  Wiltshire 
               



            , but I found afterwards his name was Mills.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to the Borough. When in Black-fryars, a man happened to come running across, and dropped a hat, and I picked it up, and put it on my head, and put mine under my arm. This man called stop thief! I made a full stop. He came, and said, it was his, and took it off my head.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
