





418. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Rook 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that he, on the King's high-way, on 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Tomlinson 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person a silver watch, value 40 s. his property
            , July 20
. *


                  Benjamin 
                  Tomlinson 
               



            . I lodge in Brokers-Row: I had been at Vauxhall on the 19th of July, and coming back, in Bow-street, Covent-Garden


, past twelve at night, a little boy, named Mackrell, attempted to pick my pocket: I prevented him: after which the prisoner came up, pretending to be drunk, and jostled against me, and whip'd out my watch, and took to his heels.
Q. Did he put you in fear?

Tomlinson. I was afraid when he jostled me; it was done almost in an instant.
Q. Did he say any thing to you?
Tomlinson. No, not a word.
Q. Did he present any pistol or instrument to you?
Tomlinson. No. In the morning I went to Justice Fielding, and got it advertised, Number forgot.
Q. Are you sure you had it in your pocket at the time the prisoner came up to you?
Tomlinson. I am sure I had, and I felt it go from me.
Mr. Clay. The boy Mackrell was in custody before Justice Girdler for robbing a till; the justice sent for me; I heard the low declare by had been concerned with the prisoner. Queen, and Parker, in robbing several talk: he denied to be admitted an evidence, and said he could a good many of them: he gave an account of this robbery, and informed us where his companions were to be found. I, with the assistance of some officers, took the three persons, Parker, Quin, and the prisoner: the boy told me he and the prisoner had sold the watch in the Minories to Mr. Coleman. I took the boy there, and Mr. Coleman brought the watch to the justice's; there the prosecutor swore to it, and to the prisoner robbing him of it.


                  David 
                  Coleman 
               



            . I bought this watch (holding a silver watch in his hand) of the prisoner at the bar, on the Saturday after the robbery: he first ask'd to see a pair of silver buckles: we agreed for a pair; then he shewed me this watch, and said he had had it twelve months: he gave me his name in writing, and I gave him two guineas for it.
Prosecutor. This is my watch, which I lost that night.
Prisoner's Defence.
I came honestly by the watch; I found it between five and six in the morning on a Saturday, and I sold it to that gentleman: I gave him a note of my name, and where I was to be found. This chap, Mackrell, that was to be evidence against me, has been an evidence here three times, and by three different names.




               Guilty of stealing the watch
            .
Acquitted of the robbery. 


               T
            .
