






333, 334. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Brian 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Purser 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a hat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Sadgrove 
                  




                
            , May 10
.


                  Christopher 
                  Sadgrove 
               



            . I live upon Saffron-hill, with Mr. Morris: on the 10th of May, between eight and nine in the evening, I and my brother were coming up Field-lane


; I was before him; there came the prisoners and another man; I had said nothing to them; the other man hit me over the head with a stick; Brian ran after me, and swore he would kill me; the other two followed him; I ran in at the sign of the Naked Boy, a sale-shop; they all followed me into the house; Brian kept beating me for about five minutes; I had my hands before my face; how my hat went, I cannot tell; I lost it there; the man and woman of the house were at home; the man of the house laid hold of Brian, but could not stop him; after that, my brother, who was at the door, and I, ran away home.


                  Thomas 
                  Knowles 
               



            . I keep a clothes shop in Chick-lane; Brian pursued the boy into my house; the boy cried, For God's sake, don't let the man kill me; I saw him strike the boy two blows; I can't say I saw which way the hat went; the three men went out directly after the boy went out.
Mr. Morris. The boy came crying home, and said he had been almost murder'd and rob'd; some of my neighbours told me they had seen the prisoners go in at the Harrow in Fleet-market. I sent the boy in first, to see if the man was there that us'd him ill; he came out again, and said he was there, and the other that first struck him: I went in, and said, Have you rob'd this lad of a hat? the house was entirely against me: there came two or three hundred people about us, as these fellows had followed the lad almost to my door. Brian was for getting away: I got hold of him: the landlord of the house used me vastly ill. Brian pulled out this knife; (producing one) he cut my coat, and got away, and ran down the middle of the market: I took him at the end of Turn-again-lane: then he denied having a knife, but the constable took it away from him: after that he told us where the other men were to be found. When before the Justice, he said Purser had the hat: Purser was there; he said he knew nothing of it; but after it was found at Purser's, then Purser said Brian must have come and put it there while he was asleep.
Sutton Isaac. I am headborough. About eleven o'clock that night, Brian was brought to me by Mr. Morris. I was oblig'd to tie him in the watch-house he was so unruly: in going along, he told me, If I would let him have a hearing before Justice Girdler, he would inform him of something; and if I went down Thatch'd Alley, I should find Purser and one Lunt, that were in company with him when the hat was taken. I found that was in the city. I went and took 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hunt 
               



            , a city constable, with me; there we found Purser and the hat. (Produced in court, and deposed to.)


                  Joseph 
                  Hunt 
               



             deposed to that of being at the taking of Purser in Thatch'd Alley, and finding the hat in his apartment.
Brian's Defence.
I was upon Saffron-hill and met one Lunt; we had three or four pots of Beer; when we came to the lower end of the place, I missed my handkerchief; Lunt made a blow at this boy: he ran away, and I pursued him into this man's house: I never saw any thing of the hat.
Morris. Brian told me he had not lost his handkerchief.
Purser's Defence.
Coming down Saffron-hill, I met Brian and Lunt together; they asked me to go and drink; we went and had three pots of beer, then I went home and met an unfortunate woman; she took me home to bed with her.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
