





177. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Anderson 
                  



               
            , was indicted; for 


               that he, together with 3 others not taken, for stealing 11 hundred, 56 pounds weight of tobacco, value 40 l. the property of William and 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Sambrook 
                        



                      
                  , privately in their warehouse
            ; it was laid also to be the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Russel 
                  



                
            , May 5.


                  Wiliam 
                  Sambrook 
               



             . My brother George and I are partners and warehouse men. On Sunday the 4th of May, in the evening, my maid went up stairs, and came down again, and said she had been looking out at the window, and saw 2 men looking hard at the hinges of our warehouse door, and they go backwards and forwards, and take a deal of notice of the doors.
Q. Where do you live?
Sambrook. I live in Chamber street


.

Q. Are your warehouses near your dwelling house?
W. Sambrook. There is one small house betwixt my warehouse and dwelling house; I stepp'd out, but could not see any body; I went to one of my men that lives in the warehouse, and said, get your gun and sword in order, we are suspicious that somebody will attack the warehouse to night. About 1 o'clock in the night he came and knock'd at my door, and said, there is somebody at the warehouse, for there is a half hundred weight against the door; I bid him go and call our other 2 Men, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cordwell 
               



             and 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Groves 
               



            , and said, I would be ready against they came back; I got up, and went and fetch'd my brother Christopher; we were going together, I saw 2 watchmen with lanthorns, we went to the warehouse door, and I went in, there were 5 of us; we found one hogshead of tobacco clean gone, and another with the head out, and about 200 weight gone; I said, get away with your lights, for if they come again, if they see the lights, it may not be so well. My brother 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cordwell 
               



             and Charles Simpson walk'd at a little distance; 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Groves 
               



             and I staid over against the door. We heard 2 men come whispering along by the side of the warehouse, it was then about 2 o'clock, they made a full stop. I had order'd them not to stir till the men were in the warehouse; but 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Groves 
               



             had not patience, he stepp'd out, and I went out and took hold of one of them, and ask'd him, what he did there? and said, they must give an account of themselves before I parted with them. We walk'd down the street to my brother and the rest, then we took them to the watchhous e, and soon after one of the watchmen came and said he knew one of the men; that he was a milkman, and lived in Church yard Alley, White Chappel; we went to his house, and there I found a little bit of tobacco; we found there were 2 doors to the house. I staid till my brother went and fetch'd more men. I fixed 2 at the back door; they told me there were 3 men went out at that door; but as they had no tobacco with them, they did not stop them. I went and got a King's locker; when I return'd, I met a woman in the house, with a child in her arms; the locker said, we have some suspicion that here his tobacco in this house. She said, there is some come in to night, unknown to me, it is in the celler; she took a candle and lighted us down.
Q. Whose house was this?
Sambrook. This was the house of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Holmes 
               



            .
Q. What is the weight of a Hogshead of tobacco?
Sambrook. Sometimes more, sometimes less; the whole of what we found there was 11 hundred and a half. We weighed it directly, we have brought some of it hear (produced in court) we 
               
                  drew
               


             some out of the parcel, and compar'd it with the sample that was taken at the landing of it, and it answer'd to that.
Q. Whose tobacco is it?
W. Sambrook. It is the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Russel 
               



            , but I and my brother are accountable for any that is lost.
Q. When had you seen that hogshead last?
W. Sambrook. I had not seen it for a day or 2 before that.
Q. What use do you make of them warehouse?
W. Sambrook. No other use but for tobacco; I have a man lies in one of them to watch the goods.
Q. Do you sell any goods in the warehouses?
W. Sambrook. No; we only work the goods; there are coopers to show the goods and draw the samples; they are show'd at the merchant's house.
Q. Does the buyer go to the warehouse?
W. Sambrook. No; only when he reviews them, after he has bought them at the merchant's house.
Q. Was you with the prisoner before the justice of the peace?
W. Sambrook. I was; there the prisoner said, while the rest of them held the 2 doors apart he went in between, and then he forced the door open, and the lock or staple flew.


                  Christopher 
                  Sambrook 
               



            . I am brother to the last witness.
Q. Are you a partner with him?
C. Sambrook. I am not; it is another brother that is partners with him. My brother William called upon me about one o'clock that night; I went with him to the warehouse; there were 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cordwell 
               



            , 
               
                  Charles 
                  Simpson 
               



             and 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Groves 
               



            , standing by the warehouse door; they told me the warehouse had been broke open; I said to Cordwell and Simpson, do you come along with me, the other staid facing the door. I said, now the watch has gone 2, they will soon come if they come at all again. I saw a weight against the door, and the lock lay on the ground, the staple had been forced. Presently I heard my brother's voice; we both went up; and I heard my brother say, you smell strong of tobacco; then I said hold of Anderson; they came with us very quietly as far as the warehouses. I said to Groves and Simpson, do you stay and watch here, we will go to the warehouse. When we came to the corner of White Lion street, Holmes made a resistance; I had a sword in my hand, and Cordwell another; we swore we would cut him down if he would not go quietly; he held my sword in his hand, I was afraid of mischief, and drew it threw his hand, and cut it; he was put in the cage, after that I was told he was a milkman, and lived in Church yard Alley. We went to his door, there I found some tobacco, and in his cellar we found the tobacco laid in the indictment.
Q. Do you judge it had lately been brought in, or had it lain there some time?
C. Sambrook. I judg'd it had been just brought in.
Q. Can you distinguish that?
C. Sambrook. When a hogshead of tobacco is just broke open, it is warm in the inside, and smells a great deal fresher (and so did this)
Q. Did the prisoner confess any thing?
C. Sambrook. At the latter end of his examination he own'd to the fact; he own'd they were all concerned.
Q. What was laid to their charge?
C. Sambrook. Breaking the Warehouse open, and stealing the tobacco.
Q. Who charg'd them?
C. Sambrook. My Brother and I; Holmes was examin'd first, he told us in what manner it was done; then Anderson said it was done with a pick-ax; that there were four of them, some shoved, and some pull'd the folding doors apart, and that he crept in between them, and the use of the pick-ax was to wrench the lock off, I think he own'd he broke the lock off, and let the other 3 in.
Prisoner. There was no lock at all on the door, if I was to die this moment.
C. Sambrook. The prisoner own'd, that Holmes stood at the door with a cutlass in his hand, and that he did carry some of the tobacco off.
Prisoner. I disown it, I did not carry a morsel.
Q. Did the prisoner say where he dispos'd of it?
C. Sambrook. I believe he was not ask'd that (as we had been and found it in the cellar)


                  Charles 
                  Simpson 
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Sambrook. About 1 in the morning I heard a Disturbance.
Q. Where was you?
Simpson. I was in my room in the warehouse, where I lie.
Q. For what purpose have you a room there?
Simpson. To take care and see that nothing of this kind happens.
Q. What did you see or hear?
Simpson. I heard a noise, I got up, and found the door put to, and a half hundred weight put against it. I went and told my master; he sent me for other assistance: we met my master and his brother, and the watchmen came with their lanthorns; we went in, and found a whole hogshead broke to pieces, and the tobacco gone.
Q. Was you before the Justice of the peace?
Simpson. I was; there I heard the prisoner at the bar say, the others held the folding doors open and he went in between, and with a pick-ax wrench'd the lock off.
Prisoner. You do not say right, there was no lock there.
Simpson. There was a lock there.
Q. Do you know how the tobacco is bought?
Simpson. The buyer goes first to the merchant, and if he likes the sample then he buys it there, and after that, they compare them with the hogshead when it is weighed.


                  Christopher 
                  Holmes 
               



            . On the 4th of May, between 11 and 12 o'clock at night, one Farrel came into my bed-chamber and call'd me up. I came down stairs, there was the prisoner and the rest, we went all together to Chamber street.
Q. What conversation pass'd?
Holmes. 
               
                  James 
                  Farrel 
               



             and Anderson said, they wanted me to go with them to get some tobacco there; we went to a pair of doors like barn doors.
Q. Who do they belong to?
Holmes. I did not know then, but I do now, it is the warehouse that belongs to the prosecutors, as they say; one shov'd one door, and others pull'd the other at the bottom, and the prisoner got in between, he had a pick-ax in his hand, and when he was within the inside he open'd the door.
Q. How did he open it?
Holmes. He made a noise, but I being on the outside could not see how he did it.
Q. Had you a light?
Holmes. No, none at all; we all went in and opened a hogshead of tobacco, and took it all out, and part of another.
Q. How many turns did you make?
Holmes. I cannot justly tell.
Q. Did you carry it all at 2 or 3 turns?

Holmes. We did not carry it all at 2 or 3 either.
Q. What time did you begin to carry it away?
Holmes. As near as I can guess between 12 and one, or about 12, but I did not go with them till the last turn, then I did, and carry'd 2 or 3 leaves in my hand.
Prisoner. He carried about 4 pounds, he went along with them as a guard, and carry'd none till the last, then he carry'd some.
Q. Where did you carry it to?
Holmes. We carry'd it into my cellar in Church-yard Alley.
Q. After this, what became of you all?
Holmes. We all separated, Anderson and I kept together, we went back to Chamber-street, with a design to put the doors together, that it should not be soon discover'd by the watch; and as we were going towards the place, I saw 2 or 3 men on the outside. I said, who is there? they came up to me. One of them laid hold of the prisoner, and I walk'd on; they did not lay hold of me till we got to where the other 2 men staid to watch. The prisoner ask'd what they wanted with him? they said, you smell of tobacco, and they wou'd tell him by and by; then they took us to the watchhouse, and after that before the justice.
Q. Did you in the warehouse declare what you have now, and to whom?
Holmes. When I was carry'd before the justice, I was charg'd with being an accomplice in taking this tobacco; and then I declar'd what I have now said, and what I know'd, and 
               
                  Anderson
               


             the prisoner could not deny what I said.
Q. Did he own it?
Holmes. He own'd he went into the warehouse when we pull'd and push'd the doors; he own'd to every thing that I said.
Q. from prisoner. Was there any lock upon the door, or not?
Holmes. How could I tell that, as I was in the street.
Prisoner's defence.
When the door flew open Holmes came in with a drawn cutlass, and said, any man that opposes or interrupts us he wou'd have his life: when the hogsheads were opened there were three men with him.




               Guilty of stealing the goods, but not privately in the Warehouse
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


