






486, 487. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Barrill 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Siseland 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing two silk and cotton gowns, value 40 s. one other silk gown, one linen gown, five petticoats, three gauze aprons, two muslin aprons, one linen apron, three pair of pockets, a pair of muslin ruffles, a pair of thread stockings, a yard and quarter of burdett, and other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Catharine 
                     Chapman 
                  




                
            , spinster
, September 6
. +


                  Catharine 
                  Chapman 
               



            . I live now at Mr. Wills's in Friday-street, No 44; at the time my box was lost I left Mr. Pain's, a sugar-baker at Puddledock in Thames street


. I was ill and obliged to leave my place; I left my key with my mistress, in case I should want any cloaths she would take the trouble to send them to me. On the Friday before they were lost, I went and fetched my hat, and had my box tied up, and on the Saturday the 6th of Sep tember, the day after I went for my box, my master sent his man to call a coach; he called one, but did not take the number of it; the man that belonged to the coach had a white wig and a whitish sort of a coat; there was another man with him; he took my box and carried it through the alley by Sand-wharf; he said, is this box full of brickbars, or what the d - l is it that makes it so heavy, saying he would not have it for carrying; one of my fellow servants said, no, it is full of money, (but there was none in it) he carried and put it into his coach; one of my fellow servants said, you must turn about; I got into the coach; he drove me to Pye corner; then the shortest of them got down from the coach-box, and said, pray madam, where is this Phoenix-court that we are to drive to; I said, enquire for Mrs. Jones in Phoenix-court; when we came to the bottom he opened the door, and said, pray madam, be so good as to get out; I did; he said, take this hat-box in your hand; I did; said he, shew me the door where I am to bring your box; I went up to the door, and said this is the door, Mr. coachman, and clapped my hat-box down in the entry; I said, pray Mrs. Jones, take my hat-box in; I turned round and saw neither coach nor coachman, but heard the rattling of it; I ran up Saffron-hill and called, Stop coach, stop coach, they have run away with my box; I could not come up with them; then I returned back to my master's house, and told them the whole affair; my master said, make yourself quite easy, I don't expect you will hear any thing of it, you not having the number of the coach.
Mr. Baker. I am a pawnbroker: I live in Carnaby-street, Golden-square. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Siseland 
               



             brought a gown and petticoat on the 6th of September, two aprons on the 8th, and two petticoats on the 10th, and pledged them with me; she is said to be wife to Siseland the prisoner; I never saw the prisoners before they were taken up. After this, Siseland the prisoner came to my shop along with the constable, and enquired for these goods, and we brought them down; he said they were pledged at different times, but could not tell what they lay for, but guessed within a little; he was right as to the gown and petticoat for 17 s.


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . I was before the Sitting Alderman, Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Gynn 
               



            , on the 12th of September; a messenger came from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , giving an account that they had got the two coachmen that had robbed the girl of her box; Sir Richard desired me to go up and bring them there; I went, and brought both the prisoners to Guildhall; there Siseland made a very free confession, and said he was concerned with the other prisoner in taking the box and opening it, and taking the things, and where they were; I found some at this last witness's house, some in Wardour street, some in Knave's-acre; he said his wife pawned most of them.
Q. What said Barrill?
Pain. He said but very little; I asked him while he was in the lodge at New Prison about them; he told me he had pawned one himself at a pawnbroker's in Wardour-street; I had Siseland and he handcuffed, and took them in a coach there, and there I found the gown as he had said; the pawnbroker let me have it very readily: his name was Hanse.
Q. In whose name was it pledged?
Pain. It was pledged in the name of Barrill, for I think 6 s. (produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix) I found a bundle at a workhouse by Berkeley-square, by the prisoner Siseland's direction, there were a great many of them; I found another gown at another pawnbroker's at Knave's-acre, by the information of Siseland, (all produced and deposed to by prosecutrix) there was a gown the prosecutrix described, which I heard Barrill own he had flung away.
Prosecutrix. I have got most of my things again.
Barrill's defence.
I was going home with my coach; just at the farther end of Great Russel-street, I saw something lying in the street; I got down to see what it was and found it to be a box; I took and put it into my coach and left it at Sifeland's house, and asked him if he would let his wife carry some of the things to pawn, accordingly she did.
Siseland's defence.
This man came and told me he had found a box and desired leave to leave it in my room, and I gave him liberty: I am a coachman also; I was then just come out of the workhouse, I had been sick.
To Barrill's character.


                  Thomas 
                  Furnis 
               



            . I have known Barrill two years within about a month, he has a very good character; I live at the corner of James-street, Soho; he drives for a master-coachman; I never heard to the contrary, but that he was a very sober honest man.


                  Jeremiah 
                  Freeman 
               



             I am a tall chandler, and live by Chapel street, Soho: I have known Barrill about two years; I never knew any thing amiss of him; I always took him to be a very civil man.
- Grosier. I live in Dean street, at the corner of St. Anne's-court; I have known Barrill between two and three years; he always bore a very good character.
- Taylor. I keep a public-house; I have known him between and seven years; he has a universal good character; I knew him when he drove my Lady Firebrace.


                  Esther 
                  Meeten 
               



            . Barrill lodged with me going on three years; he has a very good character.
Q. What business is your husband?
E. Meeten. My husband is a barber; I lett out my house to lodgers.


                  Richard 
                  Ashley 
               



            . I have known him between six and seven years; he always had a good character.


                  John 
                  Hold 
               



            . I have known Barrill six years: I am a chairman; he has a very good character; I never heard any ill of him, and I have had dealings with him these six years.
Both 

               guilty
            . 



               T
            .
