






29, 30. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Bailey 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Gold 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing two cotton gowns, value 20 s. a stuff petticoat, two pair of stays, a cardinal, and a silk bonnet
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Kingston 
                  




                
            , Nov. 14
. ++


                  Jane 
                  Kingston 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Kingston 
               



            ; I live in Black Fryars. On the 14th of November, I went out about business. I am a market-woman; and my husband is a lighter-man
; he was out about his business. I was gone till about half an hour after four. The two prisoners were out about my business, with goods; they were my servants

. I met a neighbour, who told me my door was open. I came home, and missed the things laid in this indictment, (mentioning them by name.) The girls at the bar had left their goods in the streets, and were gone. I advertised them twice that week. After that, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Gold 
               



             sent for me, to come to her in Spital-Fields: I went. She fell on her knees, and said, she would tell me the truth; there was nothing pawned, but my stays, and they were in Grub-Street; and that Bailey sold the two gowns and a peticoat for a guinea; my child's stays for three shillings; and my cardinal for seven shillings and six-pence. When I took Bailey up, she had my bonnet on. She said, she would go with me to the place where they were sold: she went with me to the bottom of Rag-Fair, where I found Bailey sitting by the woman's fire-side, who bought the things. When I charged her, she began to behave very impudent. I charged the watch with her and Gold; they were brought to Guild-hall. Bailey sent my bonnet, by the woman where she was in goal, on the Monday morning. The woman who bought the things is gone away, and I have not heard of her since.
Q. How long had the prisoners been with you?
J. Kingston. Bailey had been with me about a week; and Gold about five days. Bailey went with me to the pawnbroker for the stays; they were pawned for nine shillings. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Bently 
               



            . I am the constable. The two prisoners were given to me in charge. I heard Gold confess, she had been concerned in taking the things, in company with Bailey.
Bailey's Defence.
I was a little in liquor, and went home; and Gold took the key and opened the door.
Gold's Defence.
I was drawn into this; and was very willing to resign myself up. I told my mistress the truth; and she said she would do every thing that lay in her power for me.
Bailey, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Gold, Guilty. 


               Recommended
            . 



               W
            .
