





241. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Roberts 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of leather garters, value 2 d. one pair of stuff garters, value 2 d, one canvass purse, value 1 d. and 8 s. 6 d. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Philips 
                  




                
            , February 28
. +


                  Edward 
                  Philips 
               



            . I went to bed to the prisoner at the bar, at the George, at Holborn-bars


, and he got up when I was asleep. The landlord brought him up stairs, and asked me if I had lost any thing? I looked, and missed my purse, with 8 s. and some half-pence in it, and my garters; the prisoner was searched, and by pulling out his shirt, the things fell out. He went on his knees, and asked my pardon, and cry'd.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Philips. I never saw him in my life before. I came out of the country, and went to that house to lie.


                  George 
                  Black 
               



            . I keep the George at Holborn-bars; it is a night-house: we sit up all night for the reception of watchmen and coachmen, and others that come to lodge in the house: about 3 in the morning, the prisoner came down stairs, with his neckcloth tied about his jaw, and complained of the tooth-ach; he asked for a glass of gin, and drank it, and walked backwards and forwards, holding his hand to his jaw, as if he was in pain; he made towards the door; but I perceived by his pushing so hastily to it, he was for making off: I stepped to him, and laid hold of him, and said, My friend, stay till I see all is well up stairs. The maid went up; he made an attempt a second time to get away: when the prosecutor missed the things, I searched the prisoner, and the things were found in his shirt. The prosecutor described the purse before he saw it; then the prisoner fell on his knees, and asked pardon.
Gascoyne, a watchman, deposed to that of searching and finding the things in the prisoner's shirt.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a labourer in the callicoe business
; I went there to lodge; I had the tooth-ach; I paid for my lodgings, and went up to bed: I had no rest; I got up, and drank a pennyworth of gin, and put them garters in my pocket in the dark, having dropped mine, not knowing but they were my own. I was going out, the landlord asked the maid to go up and ask if any thing was lost. I went up with the maid; there were four more men in the room; but the prosecutor getting up, he put his hand behind the pillow to take out his breeches, and the purse fell out; the garters were in in my pocket, not in my shirt.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            . 
