





317. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     Palmer 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               obtaining divers goods, shirts, sheets, pillow cases, and other things, the property of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Hall 
                     




                   , by false pretences, with intent to defraud
            , March 18
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Scofield 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hall, in Moorfields. On the 18th of March the prisoner came, and said, she came from Mrs. Ellard for the linen to wash: I not knowing the washerwoman, went up to my mistress; she bad me ask her if she was Mrs. Ellard: I went down, and desired her to go up stairs: she did, and told my mistress, Mrs. Ellard was very bad, with a pain in her limbs, and was sick in bed: upon that, I delivered the linen to her; my mistress wrote down what they were: there were shirts, shifts, a dimity petticoat, table-cloths, aprons, towels, pillow-cases. Presently after she was gone, Mrs. Ellard came for the linen: we told her we had delivered it to a woman that she sent: she said, she had sent nobody. My master advertised her, and she was taken up on the Sunday after; this was on the Monday: then she made a confession, that she had sold or pawned the things, at Mr. Marchant's and Mr. Jones's: they were found again.


                  Hannah 
                  Ellard 
               



            . The prisoner once lived with me, but has been out of my service seven months. Upon the 18th of March I was about my business; I was not ill a-bed, but in good health.
Q. Did you send the prisoner to Mr. Hall's for linen on that day?


                  Hannah 
                  Ellard 
               



            . No, I did not.
Q. Did you bid her tell any of the family you had a pain in your limbs?


                  Hannah 
                  Ellard 
               



            . No, I did not. I was at Mr. Hall's after she had got the things. The things were found again: (produced in court) these all belong to Mr. Hall; I know them well.
Mr. Hall. The prisoner acknowledged the taking all the things, and told us where she had sold and pawned them, and gave a particular account of every article mentioned in the indictment: some were at Mr. Martin's, a pawnbroker, in Hownsditch, and seven shirts sold to Mrs. Jones, in the Minories, where we found them.


                  George 
                  Martin 
               



            . The prisoner, at two different times, pledged a shirt, a sheet, two table-cloths, three childrens frocks, and a jack towel, with me, which are part of the goods here produced.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Jones 
               



            . I keep a cloaths shop in the Minories. I bought seven shirts, a sheet, a napkin, and a pair of pillow-cases, of the prisoner at the bar, about a month ago.
Prisoner's Defence.
One Davis, that worked with Mrs. Ellard, persuaded me to do it some time ago.


                  Thomas 
                  Short 
               



            , who had known her 14 years, 
               
                  John 
                  Gill 
               



            , almost 3, 
               
                  Robert 
                  Batcheldor 
               



            , about 8, 
               
                  James 
                  Couch 
               



            , 10, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Ball 
               



            , 5. and 
               
                  Barbara 
                  Hine 
               



            , from a baby, all gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            . 
