





403. (M.) 
               
                  David 
                  Reid 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 28 guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Stamford 
                  




                
            , Gent.

Feb. 5
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Stamford 
               



            . I am an attorney
, the prisoner was my clerk
; on the 5th of February I ordered him to write in Clifford's-inn, while I went out upon business, and did not return till about eleven at night; then I found my bureau broke open, in which were 28 guineas, which I had seen the moment I went out; they were gone, the lock and part of the bureau was broke; I called my maid to know if she knew any thing of the matter; she said she knew nothing of it, there had been nobody there but the prisoner writing; upon looking I found this piece of paper; (produced in court) it is his hand-writing; the paper has nothing on it material, it was only to amuse her; he had continued writing the same lines over and over again; I went to his lodgings, and found he was not at home: I heard no more of him, till I received a letter on the Saturday, in his own hand-writing, dated the 5th of February; in it was inclosed a letter to his brother; (both produced in court.)
The letters read in court; in the inclosed letter was to this purport:
"Dear Jemmy,
"We have left these things undone which we
"ought to have done, and done these things
"which we ought not to have done: I have deprived
"Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Stamford 
               



             of the sum of
"28 guineas; necessity drove me to it; all I request
"it, you will pay him all I have wronged
"him of,"
Signed D. Reid.
Q. When did you take the prisoner up?
Stamford. I took him up last Friday in the evening.
Amey Oakley. I am servant to Mr. Stamford; on the 5th of February my master and the prisoner went out; the prisoner returned and said, my master sent him back to write two hours; he went into the office where he used to write, the bureau was in the same office; I went out of an errand, and when I came back he was gone.
Q. Had any body been in that room besides the prisoner that day?
A. Oakley. No, nobody; my mistress was ill up stair, she never came down; there was a carpenter came in in the evening to need a table; he was not there two minutes and I was there all the time the carpenter was there.
Prisoner. I acknowledge myself guilty of the fact.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
