






184, 185. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Triest 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing four half pint silver mugs, value 4 l. one pint silver mug, value 4 l. four silver salts, value 20 s. a silver waiter, value 20 s. four silver cups, value 40 s. and four silver salt shovels, the property of the Right Honourable 
                     
                        Frederick, Lord
 Baltimore


                  , in his Lordship's dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Louis 
                     Riviere 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Feb. 3

. +
The prisoners being foreigners, an interpreter was sworn.


                  Thomas 
                  Broughton 
               



            . I am steward to Lord Baltimore: his house is in Southampton-row



, Bloomsbury. The plate mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name) was lost out of our house the 3d of February, at 2 in the morning, according to the confession of Triest; he was one that my Lord kept out of charity: he confessed it to my Lord. I tied his arms, and went with him to a field by Mountague-house wall, where he said Riviere went with him and buried it. When we came there it was gone. He cried a great deal. I took him back, and sent for a constable, and went with a letter to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; and in the mean time the constable went with another man, and found out Riviere: he was brought before Sir 
               
                  John
               


             the next morning; what was said there was in French, which I did not understand.


                  Edward 
                  Ogdon 
               



            . I was sent for on the 3d of February. My Lord Baltimore was examining Triest in French, and my Lord told me what the boy said in English. By his information I found Riviere lived in Church-lane. I and my Lord's porter went to the house; he was not there. The boy told us there was a cook lived in Hog-lane, perhaps he may be there, so we went there with the boy, and left the porter in Church-lane; the boy shewed me the door in a cellar: I peeped through the key-hole, and saw a man: I knocked at the door; they did not come to open it. I knocked again, and said I had a commission from my Lord Baltimore to come and search. I found Riviere upon the stairs; I asked him if he had any plate of my Lord's, for I had information that he was the man that took it. He said, he did not know, but he would see. I secured him, and drove him before me, and found some of the plate among some saw dust, and some behind the barrels. I found all but one salt and one half pint mug (the rest produced and deposed to by Mr. Broughton, as my Lord's property). One Grible here, an evidence, rents the house.


                  William 
                  Grible 
               



            . Riviere came to my house to work for about three weeks. On the 3d of February, he told me that Triest had committed a robbery at my Lord Baltimore's, and said he would deposit them all at my house; to take them back again to my Lord, if he could find an opportunity to save the lad from being transported. Riviere brought part of them to my house about 11 o'clock one morning, and the rest about 7 in the evening.
Q. Who put them in the saw dust, and behind the barrels?
Grible. Riviere did.
Q. Whether Ogdon found them there, or Riviere shewed them to him?
Grible. Ogdon found them himself.
Q. How came you not to tell him of the plate, and not give him the trouble to find it?
Grible. Riviere was perplexed, and he blowed the candle out twice, and did not know what to do.


                  John 
                  Neal 
               



            . I am the landlord of the house where Grible lives. I was at the finding the things. I never saw Riviere there before that night to my knowledge.
Triest's defence.
Riviere buried the plate, I did not. I am but 14 years of age.
Riviere's defence.
I intended to have taken the plate back to my Lord's.
Triest. If you intended that, you would not have persuaded me to do it as you did.
Triest 


               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
Riviere 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
