






374, 375. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Hardy 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Griggs 
                  , otherwise 
White




            , were indicted for 


               stealing a woollen cloth cloak, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Perkins 
                  




               
            , April 23
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Perkins 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Perkins 
               



            , and live in Robinhood's-court, Shoe-lane


. On Saturday the 23d of April in the morning, my husband was gone out to work, he opened the window before he went out; I soon heard the cry, stop thief, it awaked me; the prisoners were brought up to the window to me as I was in bed, and my cloak was brought with them, it was in my room when I went to bed.


                  Margaret 
                  Riley 
               



            . The two lads at the bar and another, came up the court looking into all the houses; I told my daughter I believed they had some bad design, I saw them go into Mr. Perkins's house; they came out with this cardinal, I took hold of him that was without with it, the other was on the inside the house; they had been both in the house, we had assistance, and secured them both (the cloak produced and deposed to.)


                  Mary 
                  Bantini 
               



            . About a quarter after seven that morning I saw the two prisoners and another ill-looking fellow looking in at the windows in the court, and soon after I heard the cry, stop thief; I ran to see what was the matter; I laid hold of Griggs, and held him till the people came and took him from me.
Hardy's defence.
I was going up Shoe-lane to work, I knew my fellow-prisoner by sight, having been at work at buildings with him; I saw him at the bottom of the court, another chap walked up the court; I saw a cloak lying at a door, we both offered to take it, it lay upon the threshold, I got it first; I was going on pretty fast, a woman called, stop thief, and a man knocked me down; I dropped the cloak, there was another lad secured along with us, he was seen to go through the court with a hat in his hand.
Grigg's defence.
I work for a bricklayer, I was going to work with Hardy, we saw this cloak lying, we picked it up.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
