





436. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Rance 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a feather-bed, value 10 s. a bolster, value 1 s. two pillows, value 6 d. and three blankets, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Rebecca 
                           Holliday 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, in a certain lodging room let by contract by the said Rebecca to the said Richard
            , January 18
. ++


                  Rebecca 
                  Holliday 
               



            . I live in the parish of St. Paul's, Shadwell


, and keep a chandler's-shop
: the prisoner and his wife took a lodging ready furnished of me about Christmas last; they staid three weeks, all but one day; they were gone on the 17th of January, in the morning. with all the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them): I advertised them; they were taken the latter part of July, in the Borough; they were brought to me in a coach; they were taken before a magistrate; the woman was cleared: I never found my things again; I had seen them all safe a little before they went away.


                  Matthew 
                  Rhedoway 
               



            . I know the prisoner lodg'd in this woman's apartment, and I knew him before that. When they were gone, Mrs. Holliday came and informed me of the robbery: we went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, and they were advertised; I detected them in the Borough; he went into a public-house; he pretended he did not know me: I mentioned the affair to him; he wanted to go away, by jumping over the table in the public-house; I held him fast, and called for assistance, and took him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; he was committed: I said to him, You had better discover where the things are; he said, she should be d - d before she should have any of the things again.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never said any such words; they would swear my life away; I am not guilty of any such thing.
He called 
               
                  James 
                  Reason 
               



             of Drury-Lane, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Kendrick 
               



             of Kentish-Town, and Elizabeth Groves of Peckham. The first did not know any thing how he had behaved the last two or three years; the second said he was honest when she knew him, but she had not known him lately; and the third had known nothing of him for three years.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
