





38. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Trueman 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted, for 


               that she on 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hazlegrove 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain court, near the King's highway, did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person four guineas and an half, the money of the said James, against his will
            , October 18
. ++


                  James 
                  Hazlegrove 
               



            . I am a coachman
, and drive a lady who lives in Cavendish-square. Sometimes I used to lie at my place, and sometimes at home with my wife, near Holborn-bridge. On the 18th of October, at 11 at night, I was coming down Holborn, I met with the prisoner and another woman. They both laid hold on my arm; she asked me how I did, calling me fellow servant. She enticed me into Phoenix-court


, and said she knew me. Then she asked me what I would give her, I said, if that is all you have to say, I have done with you. There was a door to the court; she put to the door. While I was struggling to get out, I felt her hand at my breeches pocket. I had four guineas and a half in that pocket, which she took out; I struggled to get it from her. She held her hand up, and the other woman stood at the door, and as it was half open she gave the money to the other; I heard it chink. The other ran away. The prisoner beat and abused me, and swore she would stick me if I offered to say any thing. She held me till the other was out of sight; then she let me go out of the court. Then I called for help, and a gentleman came and we took her to the watchouse, and before Justice Welch the next day, and she was committed.


                  Thomas 
                  Barton 
               



            . I was going up Holborn; I heard the prosecutor cry out he was robbed of four guineas and a half. I said make no words, charge the watch with her. He had hold of the prisoner; she snapped her finger's at me and defied me. We charged the watch with her.
Prisoner's defence.
That there good man met me as I was going along, and said where are you going? I said what is that to you. He called me up the passage, and as I have a soul to be saved, he was going to lay me down against my will, and daubed this very gown I have on my back. When he could not have his will, he said you have robbed me: I said then come over the way to the watchman. I was searched, and had but a halfpenny in my pocket.




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
See her committed for perjury in favour of Boswell, who robbed and almost murdered a foreigner near Devonshire-square, No 73, in Mr. Alderman Bethell's mayoralty.
