






32, 33. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Atkins 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Atkins 
                  




                
             were indicted for that 


               they, on the 10th of December
, about the hour of eleven in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Burnet 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing one wooden till, value 6 d. and 40 s. in money numbered
            , the property of the said David. +


                  David 
                  Burnet 
               



            . I keep a chandler's shop
 in Newtoner's-lane


; this day sev'nnight at night I was very bad, and went to bed, and left my wife and maid up; the next morning about 7 o'clock, when I got up, I found my cellar-door in the street broke open; there is a hole out of the cellar, where we can put pecks and half pecks of coals through into the shop, through which I make no doubt they came into the shop to the till; the lock to the cellar door was torn to pieces: I missed the till, and 40 s. in halfpence tied up in 5 s. papers, from off a shelf behind the counter. My boy told me 
               
                  George 
                  Atkins 
               



             had been about the door over-night, and offered to shut the shutters up for them; the prisoners are brothers, and live at the next door to me; I sent for George down; I accused him with the fact; he went up stairs, and brought down some halfpence tied up in a cloth; he said there were 23 s. of them; he delivered them to the constable; some time after that we found his brother was concerned; we took him up, and he delivered some halfpence up; this was about 12 o'clock the same day; he said he was concerned with his brother, and what he delivered was part of my money.
Q. How old are the boys?


                  Geo 
                  Atkins 
               



            . I do not know how old I am; my brother is going into 10 years of age.
Burnet. They both would have brought in an innocent person, which we found had no concern in it.
Q. Have the boys any friends?
Burnet. Their father is dead, and their mother is a very poor woman, that goes about buying kitchen-stuff.


                  John 
                  Henry 
               



            . I am the constable; I heard the two prisoners confess they did the fact, and they delivered these halfpence to me (2 parcels produced in court); they owned these halfpence were the property of the prosecutor, and told us how they broke the door and got in.
The prisoner said nothing in their defence.




               Guilty of stealing the money found only, which was under 40 s.
            




               T
            .
