





139. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Barret 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver shoe buckles, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Thomas 
                  




                
            , March 17
.


                  Richard 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I live in Ratcliff-Highway


. On the 17th of March, not being very well, I told my wife I would go and lie down on the bed. I did, about half an hour after one, and had not lain down above five minutes, before I heard somebody open the room door softly.
Q. What part of the house is this room in?
Thomas. It is up one pair of stairs.
Q. Did you pull your cloaths off?
Thomas. I pull'd all off but my breeches, stockings and shirt.
Q. Had you shut your door, are you sure?
Thomas. I had, but it went with a spring lock with a knob on the inside and out, to open it.
Q. What is your business?
Thomas. I keep a shop and sell sacks and hemp. I was awake when the door open'd, and saw the prisoner at the bar come in and take up my shoes, and take out my buckles I jump'd out of bed assoon as possible, and she had just quitted the room. I call'd out Thief, I am rob'd of my buckles. She was then on the landing place. 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Evans 
               



             met her there, but she got by her and ran about a hundred yards in the street, and was taken and brought back. I observ'd that after my maid met her on the landing place she open'd the door again, and clap'd the buckles down on a chair in the inside of the room.
Q. What did she say for herself, upon being charged with taking the buckles?
Thomas. She owned she was in the room; her words were, she did not go to do it, but would not own she took them, and beg'd I would not carry her to prison.
Q. Did you know her before?
Thomas. I never saw her before to my knowledge.
Q. from prisoner. Whether he did not tell the justice that he thought I was his sister come into the room?
Thomas. No, I did not say so.


                  Margaret 
                  Evans 
               



            . I am a servant to the prosecutor. I was going up stairs after my master was laid down, and saw the prisoner at the bar coming out of his room with his silver buckles in her hand.
Q. Did you hear your master call out stop thief?
M. Evans. No, I did not: I was going up on another occasion, and she was shutting the door. When she saw me she push'd back the door, and put the buckles out of her hand, and said to me, do not be frighten'd, my dear, I shall not hurt you. I was so much frighten'd that I did not take hold of her. She said, I only want Mrs. Smith, a mantuamaker.
Q. Did such a person live in your house?
M. Evans. No, nor in the neighbourhood as we know of. She made her escape, and ran away, but I catch'd her in running about a hundred yards from the house.
Q. from prisoner. When I said I wanted Mrs. Smith, a mantuamaker, whether or no you did not bid me go down and inquire of your mistress?
M. Evans. No, I did not.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did live in Steward's Rents, Drury Lane, and at that time a woman lived by me, named Smith, a mantuamaker, who told me she lived in Cannon Street, Ratcliff-Highway; she had a gown to mend of mine. I going to live that way myself, went and inquired for her After I had been there, and found nobody in the room, I was coming down again, and after I was down I asked the gentlewoman after this mantuamaker; but she could not inform me of the house she lived at Then I went about in the neighbourhood inquiring for her, but could not find her. About five or ten minutes after that woman came and laid hold of my arm, pull'd and haul'd me about, and desired me to come back. I said I had done no wrong, and went with her.
To her Character.


                  Ann 
                  Ward 
               



            . I have known the prisoner twelve years; I never heard nothing to the contrary, but that she was a very honest woman, and has lived in very great credit. Her husband is a shoemaker, and she used to bind the upper leathers of shoes
.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


