





73. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Taylor 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a book, intitled the general shop-book, or tradesman's universal director, value 18 d. and one book, intitled the history of Lapland, &c. value 2 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wade 
                  




                
            , Dec. 5
. ++


                  John 
                  Wade 
               



            . I am a bookseller
, and live in Holbourn


; the prisoner used to come and buy a penny pamphlet at times; I suspected him a great while of robbing me; I told my wife to observe when he went out of the shop, to see that he had nothing about him, when he was there on the 5th of December, and I went out of the way on purpose, and left him in the shop; I went to the Elephant and Castle, and in about half an hour my man came to me and brought the prisoner and these two books; (producing the books mentioned in the indictment.)


                  Benjamin 
                  Palmer 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Wade; the prisoner was at our shop after my master was gone out; he asked me if I would drink part of a pint of purl, and sent me for it, and bid me bring change for 1 s. and gave me one; he was at the door when I went out, and when I returned, while we were drinking the purl, I thought I saw something under his coat; I looked and saw a book there; I let him go out of the shop, and then ran after him.
Q. Had he bought any thing?
Palmer. No, he had not; I carried him to my master, and took the book out of his pocket; (produced in court, the titles answered to the indictment, deposed to by prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence.
I had been bargaining with this man, and at the time he went for the purl, I had the two books under my arm; when he ran after me I had not got 50 yards from the shop; I am a countryman, and taken at a nonplus; I sent for a few friends but they are not come.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
