








69, 70, 71, 72. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Baker 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hickman 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing fifteen bushels of coals, called sea coal, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Appleton 
                  




                
            , Aug. 7
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Long 
               



            . I was book-keeper to Mr. French, which was the first service that I ever had in my life.
Q. When was you book-keeper to him?
Long. In the years 1757 and 1758.
Q. Do you know the four prisoners at the bar?
Long. Yes, they are coal-heavers



, and were employed at Mr. French's in the months of July and August, 1758.
Q. What is Mr. French?
Long. He calls himself a woodmonger, and rents a Key called Pig's Key


; it is a wharf.
Q. Do you know Mr. Appleton?
Long. Yes, he is a dealer in coals
.
Q. Do his coal barges come to Mr. French's wharf?
Long. They did some time in the year 1757, and for some considerable time after.
Q. During the time his barges came there, do you know of any coals being taken out of them?
Long. Yes; on the 25th of July, 1758, 3 sacks of coals were taken out of the Vulture lighter, belonging to Mr. Atkinson, by the four prisoners at the bar
Q. What was done with them?
Long. They were carried to Mrs. French's cellar, for which she gave these men at the bar one shilling per sack, for carrying them thither.
Q. Who is Mrs. French?
Long. That is the wife of my master French.
Q. What might coals be worth at that time?
Long. Three shillings per sack at least. Mr. Adkison, a lighterman, owned the barges, but the coals belonged to Mr. Appleton.
Q. What time of the day were they taken from the lighter.
Long. They were taken out about the middle of the day.
Q. Were any others present at the time?
Long. No, there were nobody present but the prisoners and myself.
Q. Do you know of any more being taken out?
Long. Yes. On the 4th of August following, there was one sack more taken out of a lighter, called the Scarborough, belonging to Mr. Appleton, and carried to the same place, by the prisoners at the bar.
Q. Do you know what money was received for that?
Long. They received one shilling for that.
Q. Do you know of any more being taken away?
Long. Yes; August 7th. there were three sacks more taken out of the Scarborough by the prisoners at the bar, and carried to the same place.
Q. Do you know of any authority they had to take these coals?
Long. I know of no authority for it farther than this; they would go to their mistress, and ask her if she wanted any round coals, and she would say yes.
Q. Who do you mean by their mistress?
Long. That was Mrs. French.
Q. Do you know of any authority the prisoners had from Mr. Appleton, to take coals out of these lighters, and carry to Mrs. French?
Long. They had none as I know of.
Q. At that time, what was the price of porterage, from the wharf up to Mrs. French's cellar?
Long. It was three-pence a sack. After that, on the same day, the 7th, I saw them about taking something else: I watched them, and saw them take a sack out of the same lighter, and carry it over a timber yard belonging to Mr. Bodicote, into Salisbury Court; I pursued them, and found them out: I had for a little time lost them, but I found Baker and the two Smiths wrangling about it in a publick house.
Q. Whose house was it?
Long. It was the house of 
               
                  John 
                  Branefield 
               



            . Mr. Branefield questioned them how they came by the coals, as he bought them of them.
Q. What sign does he keep?
Long. The sign of the Ship in Salisbury Court; he married Mr. French's wife's sister.
Q. Was it a usual way for carrying coals, the way that they carried them to his house?
Long. No, there was no road at all. Mr. Bodicote has been angry with them, when they have gone over there to get liquor at that house.
Cross Examination.
Q. When did you come to be a servant to Mr. French?
Long. In February, 1756.
Q. How long did you continue in his service?
Long. Untill September, 1758.

Q. You say you saw this transaction of carrying coals to Mrs. French's cellar, did you see the shilling paid?
Long. I did.
Q. At that time did you know they were stolen?
Long. I did.
Q. Were they generally carried there about soon?
Long. They were, always at day light.
Q. Where is Mrs. French's cellar, which way did they carry them?
Long. They were carried to the cellar up Bride-Lane, in the common highway.
Q. Was there any conversation between you and the prisoners, for you to have part of the reward to hold your tongue?
Long. I had no part of the reward.
Q. Had you nothing to induce you to hold your tongue?
Long. No, nothing.
Q. What time was you dismissed from Mr. French's service?
Long. I left his service in September, 1758; I never was discharged.
Q. When you left his service, was not you indebted to him a sum of money?
Long. I was.
Q. Look at this bill, is this your hand-writing, these several sums?
Long. It is.
Q . What is the sum?
Long. It is 12 l. 1 s.
Q. Was this a sum of money that you was indebted to Mr. French?
Long. It was, but he wrong'd me of twenty pounds: He oftentimes would not pay me my weekly wages, or a six-pence; I could not live upon nothing.
Q How came you to set down this particular sum in this manner; here are four persons, and different sums of money, were not these sums what you had not brought into the account?
Long. I have discharged them, and the book will snew it.
Q. Did you write these sums in the book the same day that you received them?
Long. I believe I did not.
Q. How long after?
Long. Some may be a week after.
Q. Whether this writing, on this bit of paper, was wrote before you made an entry in the book?
Long. No, it was not; they were entered in the book before that bit of paper was wrote.
Q. Is this bit of paper an exact copy?
Long. I believe it is.
Q Did you ever settle any account with your master, at the time when you had omitted to make an entry of money that you had received?
Long. I settled accounts with him every year, and never oftener.
Q. Was you not indebted to him when you left his service?
Long. I was, but not so much as he charged me with.
Q. Did you give him two bonds for the money?
Long. I did.
Q. Were they given before you left his service, or after?
Long. They were given before I left his service.
Q. How long before?
Long. I cannot tell, it was some time before. Mr. Reynolds can tell, for he has the bonds in his custody.
Q. Was you indebted to Mr French for the money that the bonds were made for?
Long. I was.
The two bonds produced.
Q. Look at these bonds.
Long. These are both signed by my own hand.
Counsel for prisoners. One is dated the 28th of June, 1758, the other the 30th of June, 1758; one in the penalty of 40 l. for the payment of 20 l. and the other in the penalty of 54 l. for the payment of 2 l.
Q. When was it that you was threatened to be sued on these bonds?
Long. I have been threatened to be sued several time, and at other times I have been promised to be let alone.
Q. When was the last time you was threatened?
Long. I was threatened two or three months ago
Q When did you first lay any information before a magistrate about here ?
Long. I never did about three months ago, but I had wrote letter to Mr French two or three months before, to let him know what I could do.
Q Did you ever give any information to a magistrate till you was threatened?
Long. No, but I was mentioned it to several people, and in particular to one gentleman of reputation and credit, long before I was sued.
Q. How long before you was sued?
Long. Above six months before.
Q. Was it before or after you had quitted his service?
Long. It was after I had quitted his service and when I was sued, I immediately disclosed it.
The two bonds read.
Q. When was you sued?
Long. I was sued in Michaelmas term last.
Q. What magistrate was you before?
Long. I was before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Fludyer 
               



            , and alderman Dickinson.
Q. When you was before Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Fludyer 
               



            , were any of the prisoners sent for to be examined?
Long. They were; I was carried there to make an affidavit, and I gave information against these four men at the bar, and Mrs. French.
Q. Were they summoned there?
Long. They were.
Q. Did they come to their summons?
Long. They did.
Q. Were any of them sworn?
Long. Two of them were, 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



             and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hickman 
               



            .
Q. Did they not totally contradict what you had said?
Long. No, they did not.
Q. Did they own the fact?
Long. No.
Q. What did they say?
Long. They said they did not know one person's lighter from another, they could neither write nor read.
Q. Were they not discharged?
Long. There was no warrant granted. Sir Samuel said if there was no evidence but myself, he could not grant me a warrant, so as to come at the truth of it.
Q. Did you go afterwards before alderman Dickinson?
Long. We went before him, they were summoned to meet at Guildhall; there were Sir Samuel and Mr. Dickinson both together
Q. Was the account that you gave there the same as now?
Long. It was.
Q. Was it believed at that time?
Long. I cannot help it if they did not believe it.
Q. Did you make any declaration to Mr. Appleton, that you knew him to be injured?
Long. No, I did not.
Q. Were any of the prisoners in custody at all, untill you went before the grand jury, to get bills of indictment against them?
Long. No, I believe not.
Q. How long did they appear publickly before they were taken up?
Long. That Mr. Appleton can best inform you of, because I saw none of them; I only know of Hickman's being taken up, I do not know when the other three were.
Q. Were they all in their business, appearing publickly?
Long. They were; but Mr. French had given his word that they should be forth coming, and Mr. Appleton took his word.
Q. Did the prisoners go voluntarily before my Lord-mayor, when they knew there were bills of indictment found against them?
Long. One of them went very unwillingly; the others I can say nothing of, as to that. Mrs. French was mentioned in the summons, but she cannot be found.
Q. Was the prisoners bail of their own procuring, or of Mr. French's procuring?
Long. Some of them are Mr. French's friends.
Q. What is that man's name, to whom you gave this information?
Long. His name is Consel, a man of great reputation.
Q. What induced you to give Mr. French these bonds?
Long. The first year I lived with him he gave me 30 l. a year, and the next he said he would give me 50; he offered me 70 l. a year before I left him, but he never advanced my wages to any more than 40 l. a year. Though I had a wife and three children, several weeks he has given me no wages at all; and my wife and family have had nothing but bread and water to live on for three days together, when I lived with him.
Council for prisoners. Those bonds are for 47 l.
Long. Upon my oath these bonds are for money not intirely due to him.
Q. Why did you not insist upon having a fair account taken before you gave these bonds?
Long. How must a poor man get relief! having nothing but a verbal bargain. He very ungratefully flew from that, and left me in the lurch 20 l. If you will examine the book, as it is here, you will find it posted with my own hand, that there is but 27 l. due to him.


                  Joseph 
                  Consel 
               



            . I am a dealer in coals. Mr. Long is my servant.
Q. Do you look upon him to be an honest man?
Consel. I do, and have reason to think so.
Q. How long has he lived with you?
Consel. About 16 months.
Q. What do you give him per year?
Consel. I give him 45 l. per year.

Q. Was he formerly a servant to Mr. French?
Consel. He was.
Q. Did he ever talk to you with regard to coals?
Consel. I have heard him talk from time to time, perhaps eight or nine months, or pretty near twelve months ago
Q. What have you heard him say?
Consel. I have him say, that when he first lived with Mr. French he was a very unjust man in measuring of coals.
Q. Did you ever hear him talk with regard to Mr. French's servants taking of coals.
Consel. I cannot say I did; I have heard him say Mr. French has given short measure
Q. Does Mr. French keep a wharf?
Consel. He does, he is a dealer in coals, and is a lighter man too; he is in the same branch as I am.


                  John 
                  Appleton 
               



            . I am a dealer in coals, and have used Mr. French's wharf at Pigs-key, about two years.
Q. Do you deal largely?
Appleton. I deal in a middling way, for some hundreds a year.
Q. Whose lighters do you make use of?
Appleton. They are one Mr. Adkerson's; I pay for lighterage, the coals are mine while in my possession; from that wharf I measure out and deliver coals as I want them.
Q. During the time the lighters lay there, did you ever miss any coals?
Appleton. I have had a complaint for almost a year and a half, having found them run short. I have missed coals all the year long, and complain'd to the lighterman, telling him there must be a default somewhere, for coals could not melt. I complained also to the lighterman's clerk, thinking they must go at the wharf, as I found a deficiency in the very last barge that came to Mr. French's wharf in September last. Then Mr. Owen came and told me, if I would go to Mr. Long, he would give me an account how my coals came to measure short. I went to him, he was in the spunging-house, where he had minutes of every particular of such and such lighters, and of coals being taken out of them, saying he would make oath that I never had a lighter or barge there, but what coals were taken out of, and giving me the same account of coals being taken out of the two lighters as he has done now. Sometimes a lighter lay there six weeks or two months before she was clear'd. I went home and found Mr. Long's account tally with my book, and Mr. Adkerson's book agrees with mine.
Cross Examination.
Q. Are you sure you have lost coals from lighters there?
Appleton. I am sure I have lost a great many coals out of my lighters.
Q. Did not the prisoners go willingly before the magistrate?
Appleton. They did; because the mistress was concerned, and the master supported them.
Q. Did they go freely?
Appleton. How do you understand freely? they were obliged to go by virtue of a warrant.
Q. Did any alderman grant your warrant?
Appleton. No, Sir; I will tell you the reason why. Alderman Dickinson said, we believe you have been rob'd, and should be glad you would see for some other evidence, to strengthen that of Mr. Long, then we will grant you a warrant. Now since then we have found another evidence to support that of Mr. Long, that is, French's wife's sister's husband, where they carried the coals to in Salisbury Court, who is the man that bought one sack taken out of my lighter; had we had this evidence at that time, alderman Dickinson would have granted a warrant.
Q. Was not Long under an arrest?
Appleton. I told you before he was in a spunging house.
Q. Did you know any thing of this till after the arrest?
Appleton. No, I did not; Mr. Owen told me of it first.


                  John 
                  Bransfield 
               



            . I married Mr. French's wife's sister.
Q. Do you remember that about August last was twelve months a sack of coals was brought to you by the prisoners at the bar, or either of them?
Bransfield. I remember a sack of coals being brought to our house the latter end of the summer, about July or August, I can't say to the time; there was a dispute, my wife owed Mrs. French for four sacks of coals, saying, she would go and pay for them, and order some more in, and as she was going out at the door the men brought the sack in.
Q. Had there been any order for the bringing of them?
Bransfield. No, they had not been order'd at all.
Q. Which of the prisoners brought them?
Bransfield. Three of them; 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



             had them on his back, and his brother and Baker came in after him. Mr. Long came in while they were making a dispute, and Mr. French had came and said, he had a suspicion that things were not right, desiring me not to take any of them but what came from his wife. Upon this I made an objection, and my wife said she would go and pay Mrs. French for them directly. Baker came to me and said, D - n it, don't go making a noise there. Said I, if they are not your mistress's coals, you will be in a fine hole, and so shall I too. Said he, they are not my mistress's, we never rob my master of any.
Q. Was Hickman one of them?
Bransfield. No, he was not there.
Q. Which way did they come with them?
Bransfield. They brought them through Mr. Bodicote's yard; I saw them come up by our window, there is no other way by my window but through that yard.
Q. Have you ever had coals from Mr. French's wharf that way before?
Bransfield. Yes, when it was low water.
Q. Was this at low water?
Bransfield. I can't say that it was.
Q. Is there a distinction between a cart sack and a retailer's sack.
Bransfield. There is.
Q. What sort of sacks do you expect them to be in, when brought out of a cellar?
Bransfield. If they come out of a cellar, they should be in two bushel sacks, those being retailers sacks.
Q. Did Mrs. French at that time deal in a retail way, separate from her husband?
Bransfield. She did.
Q. At the time you had these coals brought, when they said, do not tell our mistress of it, do you remember whether they themselves had carried other coals?
Bransfield. They said they had carried some of the same sort to their mistress's.
Council for prisoners, to Appleton. Was ever any demand made upon Mr. French, that if he would pay you a sum of money, there should be no prosecution?
Appleton. Demand! by whom?
Council for prisoners. By you.
Appleton. No, Sir, there never was such demand made by me.
Council for prisoners. Nor never any talk of a hundred pounds being paid to you?
Appleton. No.
Council for prisoners. Did you authorise your attorney to ask him for any sum?
Appleton. I left it to my attorney; I did not chuse to smother it, and I would not offer any such thing; I thought he would make a handle of that: there was nothing offered to me or to him as I know of.
Council for prisoners. Was your attorney either to make it up or prosecute, or was he to accept of money, and if not, to proceed?
Appleton. I know nothing at all of that.
Council for prisoners. Who was your attorney?
Appleton. Mr. Jackson was.
Council for prisoners. Tell me whether this is Mr. Jackson's hand-writing.
Appleton. (He takes a paper in his hand.) It is.
Council for prisoners Let it be read.
Council for the crown. I object to that letter being read, except they examine Mr. Jackson, who is here. (He takes and looks at it.) It is as fair a letter as possible, so by all means read it; it is a letter from the prosecutor's attorney to Mr. French's attorney.
It is read to this purport:
December 21.
"Mr. Reynolds, I am now to inform you, unless
"I have some proposal from Mr. French to-morrow,
"I shall be under a necessity of proceeding
"next day, my client not agreeing but on terms
"as mentioned; it is therefore material for you
"and Mr. French to consider maturely, &c."
Baker's Defence.
The sack of coals which we carried to Mr. Bransfield's, our mistress gave us orders to carry to her sister's, and said she wanted some; we never took a coal out of Mr. Appleton's lighters.


                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            's Defence.
I never wronged Mr. Appleton of a coal in my life, to my knowledge.


                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



            's Defence.
I never wronged him or any man else of a coal in my life.
Hickman's Defence.
I never did such a thing in my days.
Q. to Long. Is there money due from you to Mr. French now?
Long. Upon the bonds there is, but if I had my right I do not think there is any thing due; to be sure the bonds I gave are not quite paid off.

For the Prisoners.
Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . The letter that has been read here was directed to me, I was attorney for Mr. French; as his wife was accused, I brought an action against Long, and he was carried to the spunging house; when he was in custody, his wife and Mr. Owen were desirous that he might be admitted to bail, and Mr. Owen desired me to prepare a bail bond. Mr. French had given me general directions, that if they got good bail he might be discharged. Mr. Owen proposed to be bail.
Q. At the time these bonds were executed, did Long pretend the money was not due?
Reynolds. I heard no objection at all then, he was very easy, and not a word was said about imposition.
Q. Here has been a letter read, from the prosecutor's attorney to you, in which he says he is to inform you, that unless he has some proposal from Mr. French, he shall be under a necessity of proceeding, did Mr. Appleton ever propose that Mr. French should pay him any sum of money, to prevent a prosecution?
Reynolds. There was first a meeting at St. Paul's Coffee house, where this matter was discoursed of; it was given out in general terms, that Mr. Appleton had been a great sufferer from time to time, and that the terms must be very considerable; there was another meeting appointed after that, where Mr. Appleton was not present, but Mr. Jackson attended on his behalf, who was pleased to say, that by the frequent repeated times of these coals being taken o ut of the lighters, the damage must amount to an hundred pounds or upwards; we could not admit that any coals had been taken at all that Mr. French knew of, who could not believe any such thing as was mentioned by them, either of his wife or the prisoners at the bar.
Q. Was there any sum of money mentioned by Mr. Jackson, that Mr. French was to pay to stop the prosecution?
Reynolds. I think he said, that upon the payment of 100 l. to Mr. Appleton, for the damage sustained by him, there should be no proscution, but Mr. French would not pay one penny. I proposed to have an action of trover, and mentioned that by way of conversation.
To the Prisoners Characters.


                  Isaac 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            . I am bail along with Mr Honywood for the two Smiths and Baker; the gentlemen are pleased to say the bail are of Mr. French's procuring, which I mention because it was said by Mr. Appleton and his council: I did not know Mr. French only by sight, and never was in his company till this day in all my life.
Q How long have the three prisoners you mention'd been out upon bail?
Wilkinson. They have been out upon bail about 5 or 6 weeks.
Q. In what sum was you bail?
Wilkinson. I believe it was in the sum of 20, 30, or 40 l.
Q. What are you?
Wilkinson. I am a publican.
Q. How long have you known Baker?
Wilkinson. Between 4 and 5 years.
Q. What is his character?
Wilkinson. He is a very honest, hard-working, pains-taking man, and I believe he deserve that character; I should have no scruple to trust him, as I always found him honest.
Q. How long have you known 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            ?
Wilkinson. About 4 months.
Q. What is his character?
Wilkinson. He is a very hard working man.
Q. How long have you known 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



            ?
Wilkinson. About the same time as I have known his brother; he is a very honest, pains-taking man.
Q. Did either of them abscond upon this affair?
Wilkinson. No, they were always in their business; I believe them to be three as honest men as live.


                  George 
                  Stodard 
               



            . I have known 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



             seven years, or more.
Q. What is his character?
Stodard. He is as honest a man as any in England, he lodged in my house; I could trust him with untold gold.
Q. Did he ever abscond upon this?
Stodard. No, never.
Q. Do you know his brother Robert?
Stodard. I do, but I am not so well acquainted him as with his brother; I never heard but that he is an honest hard-working man.
Q. Has he absconded?
Stodard. No, he never did.
Q. Do you know Hickman or Baker?
Stodard I can't say that I do.


                  John 
                  Haystins 
               



            . I was bail for Hickman; I have known him for about 4 years
Q. What is his general character?
Haystins. He has a very good character, he is a very honest hard-working man as need to live; that has been his character ever since I have known him. Mr. French never knew that I was his bail till after I gave bail.
Q Do you know either of the Smiths?
Haystins. I have known them about 3 or 4 years, they always bore very good characters.
Q. Do you know Baker?
Haystins. I have known him some time; he always bore a very good character, that of a hard working man.
Q. Did either of them abscond?
Haystins. I never heard that any of them did.


                  Joseph 
                  Noon 
               



            . I was one of the bail for Hickman; I never knew Mr. French before this day. and never saw him above once before to my knowledge.
Q. Was you procured as bail by Mr. French?
Noon. I was not
Q. How long have you known Hickman?
Noon. I have known him about 7 years; he has lodged in my house so long.
Q. What is his general character?
Noon. I have trusted him many scores of times, he has measured many scores of bushels of coals for me; I sell coals in the retail way.
Q. Did he ever abscond?
Noon. No.
Q. Do you know any of the other prisoners?
Noon. I know them all by sight, and have drank with them; I never heard any ill of either of them.


                  Robert 
                  Littlewood 
               



            . I keep a publick house, the prisoners all use my house.
Q. How long have you known them?
Littlewood. I have known the two Smiths 3 or 4 years, Baker pretty near as long, and Hickman 2 years; they have always behaved very well, and I have trusted them; they are willing to pay when they have work to do, and willing to work when there is work to be done; they are all of them industrious men.


                  Thomas 
                  Mirbourn 
               



            . I have known the two Smiths a great many years, I know Baker also.
Q. What characters do you give them?
Milbourn. That of very hard working, industrious men, I never heard to the contrary.


                  Edward 
                  Isington 
               



            . Hickman has been my servant about a year and 2 months.
Q. What is your business?
Isington. I keep a coal wharf.
Q How has been his behaviour?
Isington. He has behaved very honestly and diligently in his business, and I look upon him to be an honest man.


                  Joseph 
                  Wright 
               



            . I have known Hickman about 13 months.
Q. What is his general character?
Wright. He is a very honest labouring man.


                  Joseph 
                  Andrews 
               



            . I have known Hickman since April last; I always found him very honest in the execution of any business that I put him to at the wharf.
Q. What are you?
Andrews. I am a dealer in coals; I have trusted him in working and measuring of coals.


                  John 
                  Couley 
               



             I have known all the prisoners 3 or 4 years; they have measured coals for me, and are sober, industrious, honest men. I believe they all deserve that character


                  James 
                  Gordon 
               



            . I was clerk at a wharf in Durham Yard, but am now a dealer in coals, and keep a wharf. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smith 
               



             was with me about two years, and Hickman ten or eleven months, and they did their work constantly.
Q. What are their characters?
Gordon. I never heard any thing to the contrary but that of honest men.


                  William 
                  Jeffs 
               



            . I have known Baker above seven years.
Q. What has been his character?
Jeffs. Very just and honest. I employed him to drive carts of hay. He has brought me some hundreds of pounds, and he always behaved very honestly: I never heard to the contrary of that of an honest man.
Q. What are you?
Jeffs. I am a carman in Smithfield.
Mr. Young. I live at Fleet-ditch, am a dealer in coals, and keep a wharf. 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



             and Baker have worked for me; Smith is a very honest fellow.
Q. What do you say as to Baker?
Young. I never had any reason to believe to the contrary of him.
James Bottomly. I have known Hickman and the two Smiths these fifteen years, and Baker but a little time; I look upon them to be honest, industrious men.
Q. What are you?
Bottomly. I was clerk to a coal wharf.
All four 

               Guilty
            .







[Transportation. See summary.]


