





120. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Dean 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of worsted stockings, value 6 d. one linnen apron, value 2 s. and two pair of cotton stockings, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Stone 
                  




widow

January 11
. ++


                  Hannah 
                  Stone 
               



            . I did lodge at Mrs. Phinias's in St. John's-court, St. John's-street, Golden square


. My box was standing upon my own bed in the kitchen, with the things mentioned in the indictment, and many more which were all taken away. Last Wednesday Mrs. Phinias came to tell me, my box was broke open and it had been robbed; I went with her and found it as she had said; I lost a crape-gown, a printed gown, a white apron, two quilted petticoats, three under petticoats, a black cardinal, a coloured apron, three pair of white stockings, and one black pair: they taxed the prisoner with taking them; she was a lodger in the house; she had come to town but about six weeks before; three pair of white stockings and an apron were found behind some things in the kitchen, and my black stockings were found on the prisoner's legs, which I knew to be mine, by a plate torn on the calf of the leg; I found nothing more.


                  Letitia 
                  Phinias 
               



            . I took the prosecutrix's box from off the bed, in order to take out a bolster, last Wednesday morning: going to set it down, it flew open; I found it had been robbed, and told the prisoner and another young woman, a lodger, there had been a robbery there: I made the prisoner go along with me to the prosecutrix; when we came back again, I asked her about an apron, because I saw it on the Sunday and Monday before on the prisoner; she said she had carried the apron to Mrs. Simpson's maid; and, as to the stockings which she had on, she said she brought them from Edinburgh with her; I had a very good character with the prisoner from the country; there were many things in the kitchen which she might have stolen, but I lost nothing.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing about these things.
To her Character.
Mr. Simpson. I know the prisoner's parents, they live in East Lauther in Scotland; they are very honest people; I never knew her till she came to London; I have heard that she always behaved well.


                  William 
                  Scott 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from her infancy; I never heard any thing laid to her charge till last Wednesday.
Q. What are you?
Scott. I am a house-carpenter, and lodge in Brook-street, Grosvenor-square; I was brought up within a stone's cast of where the prisoner was; she lived servant in Edinburgh a little before she came to London.


                  Jane 
                  Sibbet 
               



            . I came from Edinburgh six weeks ago with the prisoner; I knew her there; she lived very well, and behaved very well there.
Q. How came she to leave Edinburgh?
J. Sibbet. I do not know; she thought she could do better in London.
Q. Did she appear to you to be in distress?
J. Sibbet. No, she did not.
Mr. Simpson. I am cousin to the other evidence of my name; I know the prisoner is of creditable parents: I know but little of her.




               Guilty. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
