





71. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Wilmot 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s. one watch string and one seal set in metal, and one shoe buckle, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Waters 
                  




                
            , Nov. 19
. +


                  Philip 
                  Waters 
               



            . I was going to Hackney to see some relation there the 15th of Dec.
Q. Where do you live?
Waters. I live with Lady Essex. I stopped at London Wall with some acquaintance drinking. and got rather too much liquor; I wanted to take a coach in Bishopsgate-street, but could not get one. Going up Shoreditch


, by the side of the houses, at about 11 at night, this girl stood by a passage, she asked me, if I would go into her room? I asked her, what kind of a room she had? she gave it a very good character, and said, she would use me very well. I went with her to her room, then she asked me what I would give her to drink? I said, what she liked she should have; she said, she would only have a quartern of gin. Then I said, I would go to bed; said she, you will pay me for the room first; I asked her, what she must have? she said, half a crown; I said, I would not give her above 18 d. she agreed. Then I went to bed, she began to undress herself, and I fell asleep in a minute or two I believe; then she took my buckles out of my shoes, my watch, and about 7 s. in money, and this hat that I have in my hand; one of the buckles was left under the pillow: when I awaked there was no body in the room.
Q. How do you know she took the things, you did not see her?
Waters. She was found drunk, rolling in the channel, a person went to take her to a public house, and the watchman hearing a knocking at a door, went and took her to the watch-house, as I was afterwards informed, there my things were found upon her. There came two watchmen to me and awaked me, I was surprized and did not know where I was; they told me, I had been robbed; I went to search my breeches, and found no money left; I went to the watch-house with them, and there I found the prisoner, my watch, one buckle, and my hat.
Mr. Blisset. I am constable. Between 11 and 12 at night, I think the 15th of November, two of our watchmen brought the prisoner into the watch-house, in a very dirty condition. I said, what have you brought here? We took her in; she had a black cloak or capuchine on, under which I saw a laced hat. I said, what have you got here? how came you by this hat? Said she, it is my husband's. Said I, is your husband a gentleman's servant? Yes, said she, but what is that to you? I said, I had a suspicion she had taken it from somebody, and ordered the men to search her pocket. She pulled out the key of her room. I saw the string of a watch hang out. Said I, you have a watch there. She said, yes, and what is that to you? Then in searching we found an odd silver buckle. I asked her where her husband lived? She said here and there, and gave very different accounts. Some of our watchmen happened to know that she lodged in Shoreditch, I sent them to find her lodging out, and gave them her key; they went and found her lodging, and this man in bed asleep, they brought him with them; he owned the things we found upon her. ( Produced in court and deposed to)
Q. What did she say upon seeing him?

Blisset. She said very little then; she had been very saucy when we took the things from her.
Q. from the prisoner. Whether I did not deliver them, and the key of the room to go and fetch the man?
Blisset. She did not deliver them, we took them from her; she gave me the key of the room to go and fetch her husband. When the prosecutor came, I asked him if this woman was his wife, he said, No.
Prisoner's Defence.
The man asked me to go for a pot of purl, I said I did not care to go to leave him in my room; he gave me the things out of his pocket, to satisfy me he would take nothing while I was gone, I could not find my own hat, he put his own hat upon my head; I went out, and got into company, and was ill used in the street; I had no occasion to be taken to the watch-house, I begg'd of the watchmen to take me there.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
