






248, 249. (M) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Darling 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  George, otherwise 
John Ramsey


            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing two iron saws, value 5 s. four planes, value 2 s. five iron chissels, value 2 s. one pair of iron pincers, one iron knife, one rasp, one wooden bevil, and one iron awl
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Garrett 
                  



                
            ; and the other, for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            . March 19

. *


                  James 
                  Garrett 
               



            . On the 5th of March I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, and had reason to suspect the prisoner Darling; they were taken out of my chest; I found them in the possession of Ramsey, after he had denied he had any such things in his possession. On the 20th of March I found them, according to the confession of Darling; they were concealed. He said, he sold them to Ramsey on the 6th of March, between five and six in the morning; he also said, all the tools he took out of the building, he sold for 9 s. and I value mine at 12 s.


                  William 
                  Marks 
               



            . I am an officer and house-broker. Darling was taken in Whitechapel on the 19th of March; and I was sent for to the Man-in-the-Moon; there he said he would tell me where all the tools were, if I would go with him to Mr. Ramsey's. and be bound every man should have his tools again: He was taken before the justice, and a search warrant granted. When we came to Ramsey's house, said Ramsey to Darling, Are not you a great rogue? I took Ramsey into a little room, and said, I had a warrant to search his house, as Darling says he has sold things to you: he said, you shall see all I have: he took out smoothing planes, hammers, saws, and many other tools: there were about five or six thousand nails, which Darling made information he had stole, and sold to Ramsey.
Prosecutor. Ramsey denied having any of the things on the 19th, and this was the 20th, which the officer speaks of. I was there on the 19th; seeing some old tools lying, and Ramsey's wife in the shop, I asked her if she had any carpenter's tools to sell? She said, no more than what I saw. I knew nothing of Mr. Ramsey's denying it till we were there to search. After Mr. Marks had asked him if he had any more saws, he said, No. Mr. Marks desired him not to conceal any thing; he said, he had no more; and after that, there were thirteen or fourteen more saws found concealed.
Marks. I said, Pray, Mrs. Ramsey, where is the key of this drawer? She said, I know not. I sent a young man to him to the alehouse, where he was in custody; when he came to us, he denied that there was a tool in the house more than what we had seen. I took a key and opened two drawers, in which were fourteen saws.
Prosecutor. There were thirty-eight saws found in his house, and thirty of them are owned; two of them belong to me. ( The things mentioned in the indictment produced, and deposed to.) There were divers people swore to their tools, which are here now.
Dearing's confession was taken in writing before justice Berry, and signed by his name. It is read in Court, giving an account of all the things mentioned in the several indictments against the two prisoners; and that Ramsey encouraged him to bring what he would, and he would purchase it; and that the marks on the tools were not obliterated when he sold them to Ramsey.
Marks. Here is the account that Ramsey brought to the justice, and delivered it as the book of what he gave for goods: It runs in this form: He does not mention the names of things, but in general he has put it goods: Laid out on goods. What he bought of Darling was only from the 18th to the 20th of March: this is what he owned before the justice, that these goods were tools bought of 
               
                  Darling
               


             the 6th of March. Laid out upon goods, 10 s.
Darling said nothing in his defence.
Ramsey said nothing, but called 17 witnesses, who gave him a good character.
Darling 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Ramsey 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
There were three other indictments against them, one for stealing, the other for receiving, a large quantity of carpenter's tools. 
