






571, 572. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Gouge 
                  




                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cox 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing two iron chains, the weight 40 pounds, value 3 s.
             the property of Sir


                     Benjamin 
                     Trueman 
                  



                
            , Knt.
 and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Baker 
                  



                
            , Esq
; July 24
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Cox 
               



            . I live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields, I belong to Sir 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Trueman 
               



            : on Monday the 25th of July I was informed a chain was missing belonging to the caravan; I went and found it was lost, it stood in Monmouth-street, Spitalfields


; I was informed the prisoners were taken with it upon them, I went and saw them, and the chain at the Justice's, but I could not swear to it.
Q. What did they say for themselves?
Cox. They said they were playing with it, and it dropped off the caravan; the caravan belongs to Mess. Trueman and Baker.


                  John 
                  Hunsdon 
               



            . On Sunday the 24th of July I was in the yard, I heard these two boys playing with the chain; a gentleman called out, Hunsdon, Hunsdon, I wish you would see after them lads, they have got the chain off; I got up a ladder and looked over the wall, and saw Gouge with a chain done round his arm, going to run away with it; they seeing me, the other boy said to him, d - n your eyes, drop the chain, run, run; I jumped from the wall and ran after them, and took them both, and brought them back to the chain where they had dropped it; I found they had been beating the hook of the other chain; I led them away with the two chains about their necks to the beadle's house; they owned as they were going along that one of them was going for a file to get it off, and that they had been beating it with a stone or a bone to get it off; they had got the hook off, but had hung it on again in order to fetch that chain at night.


                  Samuel 
                  Hawksford 
               



            . On the 24th of July about three in the afternoon, I heard a rattle of the carriage; I looked out at my window and saw Gouge unhook the fore chain; he went away and came again; Cox was in the carriage; they began to beat the other chain with a stone or a bone, they broke two or three stones at it; then one said to the other, here, d - n you, pull; they both pulled hard at it, it broke off, and they both fell in the kennel; then they put it to again, and said it will do till dark, then it was half an hour past six; they went away, and came again about half an hour past seven, and began to unhook the chain from the carriage; Gouge wound up one chain round his arm; then I called to Mr. Hunsdon, he got up upon the wall; the boy dropped the chain and they both ran away; Hunsdon jumped off the wall and ran and brought them back.
Gouge's defence.
I am as innocent as the child unborn; they wanted to make money of us to let us go.
Cox's defence.
We had been swinging on the chain and it broke, then the man jumped off the wall, and said we were going to make away with it; they wanted to make it up for money.

For the prisoners.


                  Daniel 
                  Gouge 
               



            . I am brother to Gouge the prisoner.
Q. How old is he?
Gouge. He is betwixt twelve and thirteen years old.
Q. What are you?
Gouge. I am a weaver, and he is a draw-boy to a weaver; he always brought his money home on a Saturday; I never knew him guilty of such a thing; as this he worked for Mr. Martin. Mr. Hunsdon offered if they could raise 15 s. he would clear the boys.
Q. Who heard him offer this?
Gouge. He offered it before me and my brother-in-law at his own house on, Friday morning.


                  Thomas
               


             M'Daniel. Mr. Hunsdon sent for me twice to his house, to ask me if the money was ready; I told him I could not get it ready till this day a little before ten o'clock, this was last Friday morning; he said then he must cast him; he said, if we brought him 15 s. he was a liveryman of the city of London, and it was only speaking to an Alderman and he would clear the boy; he drank six pennyworth of brandy with me on the account of clearing the boy, this was at the Pied Bull in Spitalfields-market; or he said he must ask for money of Mr. Trueman and must cast him.


                  Thomas 
                  Saunders 
               



            . I live in Spitalfields; Cox is about sixteen years of age, he is bound apprentice to my master; I never knew any thing amiss of him.


                  Mary 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I am aunt to Cox; I have known him ten years, I never knew no ill of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Down 
               



            . I have known Cox two years, he was an honest lad the time I knew him.
Q. to Hunsdon. Did you offer to make it up with M'Daniel for 15 s.
Hunsdon. I don't know that ever I drank with M'Daniel in my life.
Q. Had you any conversation with him about prosecuting these boys?
Hunsdon. No; these two men came to my house when I was at dinner; they desired I would be kind enough to let him go, we had not then been before the Justice; they said, pray, we should be glad to be informed about these boys; I said, you must go to the caravan and you will see part of the things knocked off; they went; I went and listened at a hole in the wall, and heard them say it is too true; I said, I believe it is; they answered and said, yes, it is.
Q. Was there no conversation about prosecuting them?
Hunsdon. No, there was not.
Q. Upon your oath had you no conversation with Gouge and M'Daniel about taking 15 s. not to prosecute?
Hunsdon. Upon my oath I had not.
Q. Have you heard what they have both said here?
Hunsdon. I have, there is not a bit of truth in it; I never said a syllable about it, I am no liveryman.
Q. What are you?
Hunsdon. I am a hot-presser,
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
