





221. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Davis 
                  



               
            , was indicted; for 


               that he, on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Copeland 
                        



                      
                  , did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person 4 pair of worsted stockings, value 5 s. and 2 pair of cotton stockings, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Copeland 
                  



                
            , July 9
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Copeland 
               



            . I keep a stocking shop
, at the corner of Prince's street, near the Haymarket. I have a sister lives at Islington; she sent to me for me to send up some stockings for a neighbour's child of her's; I sent 6 pair by my 2 children, they having frequently gone that walk. (The 2 children were, in court.)
Q. How old are they?
Copeland. The girl is upwards of 8 years old, and the boy turn'd of 6 years old; I sent them out of my house about a quarter of an hour after 11 on Wednesday last; the other witnesses can inform the court better.



                  Robert 
                  Crump 
               



            . On Wednesday last, between the hours of 12 and one, I was coming from the White Conduit, by Islington


; there is a large pond wall'd in, on the west side of that wall I met the prisoner at the bar, and this little boy; the boy had a parcel under his arm, and the little girl was about 20 yards behind them; the parcel was tied up in brown paper; the little girl called, and said Jackey, that is not the way; the boy answered, this will take me into the new road; the prisoner said come, I'll show you the road; I was coming to London I came about half way down the next field, and seeing something bubbling in the water, I stopp'd by the pond side; while I was standing, I heard a noise, and soon distinguished it to be the crying of children; I look'd back, and at first saw nobody; presently I saw the prisoner come running under the wall, where I first met him; he came towards me; at the end of the wall he jump'd over the rails into the field where I was, and run down the grass, making towards Sadlers Wells. Then I heard the cry of the children, increased my suspicion; when he was as near me as he chose to come. I said, Hollow, you sir, you have robb'd the children, very loud; he turned short from me; I pursued him; he made up to the wall of the reservoir, to the fouth part of it: I kept so that he should not get to London. I said, Hollow, I shall have you; when he came to the wall he put his hand under his coat, and pull'd out this bundle (producing a bundle in paper) and went to throw it over the wall into the water, it hit against the wall, and fell back again; then he took it up again, and throwed it over, where it was found: then I was convinced he had robb'd the children, and I call'd out stop thief. I pursued him to the corner of the now road. Mr. King was amongst his sheep, he came to my assistance, and we secured him; and the children came and said, that man (pointing to him) had robb'd them. We took him to Hicks's Hall, there justice Wright committed him.
Prosecutor. These are the same stockings which I sent in a bundle by my children, that day.


                  Henry 
                  King 
               



            . I was in the field, I saw Mr. Crump pursuing the prisoner. I saw him sling the bundle over the wall, and heard Mr. Crump say, I shall have you presently; I went to his assistance, and we secured the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
I overtook the girl about 30 yards behind the boy; at last I overtook the boy; he asked me, if that was the way to the new road. I said, I will show you the way, it is straight forward; I went into the field in order to ease myself, and saw him run back to his sister; when I had done I got up, and went, and made the best of my way to where I was going, which was to Noble street, by Goswell street. I found this bundle in the grass I took it up, I did not know any thing about it, presently I heard the sound of crying; I made the best of my way to that gentleman, Mr. Crump; he turned and made towards me; said he what are you. what have you got there? as I understood. I said, nothing of your's, nor no body's else, as I know of; said he I'll have you; so with that I made an attempt to throw the parcel over the wall, it fell down, I took it up again, and throw'd it over.




               Guilty of the larceny only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


