





633. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Read 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Leay 
                        




                     
                   on the 13th of September
, about two in the night, and stealing ten beaver hats, value 5 s.
             the property of the said Peter. +


                  John 
                  Sapwell 
               



            . 
               
                  Peter 
                  Leay 
               



             is a hatter
, and lives in Smithfield


, I have worked for him some time. On the 14th of September we found one of the bars of the window was bent and taken out, and the shutter taken down, and a pane of glass broke, and the hats taken out of the window, ten or eleven of them; the shop is part of the dwelling-house.


                  Thomas 
                  Miller 
               



            . I live with Mr. Leay, he is very ill and cannot attend; our shop was broke the 13th of September, either late at night or early next morning; we left the house safe when we went to bed at eleven, and in the morning we found the front iron was wreached, and the shutter was taken down, and ten hats taken out; I was going into Whitechapel, I thought I would make Duke's-place in my way, to see if any Jews were hawking them about; I saw some hats in Lyon's shop; I went in under a pretence of buying a boy's hat; I saw one lying, I laid hold of it, he would not let me have it; I snatched it out of his hand, and in about ten minutes time I found six, there is part of my own work upon them; I know them to be Mr. Leay's property, they stand him in 3 l. 5 s.
Hyam Isaac. I am an old clothes man; I bought six hats of the prisoner last Wednesday five weeks for 30 s.


                  Sarah 
                  Hyam 
               



             Isaac. I am wife to the last witness; the prisoner came with six hats, my husband bought them of nine for 30 s. I saw the money paid, and sold them again to Mr. Lyon for 36 s. after that my husband was pawn prison about them; after that the prisoner came one morning with some cotton to sell; I told him my husband was not at home, but desired him to stay; I went and got my husband out, and he secured the prisoner.


                  Abraham 
                  Levi 
               



            . Isaac and I live both in one yard; the prisoner had sold a bunle to Isaac, and Isaac not having money enough to pay him, he asked me to lend him some, but I had not enough, and was just going out; I did not see what was in the bundle; this was Wednesday was five weeks about eight in the morning.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of the hats, I am a waterman and lighterman.
He called James Grove, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ogleby 
               



            , 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Wood 
               



            , and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Duncomb 
               



            , who give him the character of an honest civil man.




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
