





385. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Adams 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a guinea and 10 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Metcalf 
                  




                
            , July 12
. *


                  David 
                  Metcalf 
               



            . I live in Charles-street, Westminster


, and keep the Thistle and Crown alehouse
; on the 12th of July my wife came up stairs, and awaked me; my breeches lay as usual in a chair by my bed-side, and took my breeches to see for some money; there was none; the prisoner had lain up two pair of stairs, my room was on the first floor; I missing both gold and silver, went down and told the prisoner of it, and desired he would let me see if he had not a pocket-piece which I missed among the rest; he pulled out some money, among which there was a guinea and my pocket-piece, and put it in his pocket again; I sent for a constable, who when he came in said, where is the man that has robbed my landlord; the prisoner rose up and said, I am the man; the constable asked him what money he had, he pulled out 5 s. then the constable said, let me pull it out; then the prisoner took out the guinea and pocket piece, and some silver; I had not seen the prisoner but twice before to my knowledge.



                  William 
                  English 
               



            . I draw beer in the prosecutor's house; the prisoner came in a little in liquor, and ran up a score of 2 s. 4 3/4 d. it being latish, he had liberty to go to bed; the next morning he came down between seven and eight, and desired my mistress to trust him; she said her husband would not like that; he desired to see my master; she went up stairs, and he followed her; when he came to the top of the stairs, my mistress said she did not chuse to awake him; she came down again, he seemed to go into the back room, where was a lad cleaning of shoes; I went up in a few minutes after, and saw him coming out of my master's room; he came down, and had two or three pints of beer, and paid his score he had ran over night; after that, my master came down, and said it was very odd he should be robbed; the prisoner made no answer; then he arose up, and wanted to go, but was stopped; I went for a constable, and saw the money taken from him, about 12 s. 6 d. a guinea, and pocket-piece; I heard my master say he would swear to the pocket-piece.


                  Charles 
                  Forward 
               



            . I am a constable, I was sent for; when I came there, there was Mr. Noaks, the constable; there lay the pocket-piece on the table; he was persuading the prisoner to give the prosecutor his money again; the prisoner was very resolute, and said he had none; then Mr. Noaks said, let me take the money out; I had asked the prisoner two or three times what money he had; he said but 5 s. then Mr. Noaks took out a guinea and 12 s.
Prisoner's defence.
I went in much in liquor, and lay on a little bed; in the morning I had two or three pots; I never was nigh my landlord; he said he had lost a guinea and 10 s. and a pocket-piece; he charged me with it; they took and tied my hands, and a man took my money out: I lost about 15 s. I can swear to a particular half-crown they robbed me of.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
