





74. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Gorman 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bunce 
                  




                
            , Dec. 1
. ++


                  Tho 
                  Bunce 
               



            . I live at the Swan and Two Necks, Lad-lane; yesterday was three weeks I was just come out of the country; my watch was lost, and I found it again at Mr. Humphreys's, a pawnbroker.


                  Mary 
                  Stamp 
               



            . I missed the prosecutor's watch out of my apartment. On the 1st of December, the prisoner came to ask for one 
               
                  William 
                  Hicks 
               



            , between 11 and 12 o'clock that day, who lives up one pair of stairs backwards; I was in my landlord's apartment below; my apartment is up one pair of stairs, from where the watch was taken; I don't know who took it.


                  William 
                  Humphreys 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I live in West-street, St. Andrew's, Holbourn; the prisoner brought this watch to me on the first of December in the afternoon; (produced and deposed to by prosecutor) he said his name was Brown; he asked a guinea and a half upon it; he said he lodged in St. Giles's; I went with him about three quarters of an hour, to see for some person that could give me satisfaction that it was his own, so I carried him to Justice Welch.
Stamp. This watch here produced is the prosecutor's watch; it was lost out of my room that day the prisoner went up stairs.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going up stairs, I saw a watch hanging on a nail; I took it for want, because I had no victuals; I had been just a week in London, and could not get any work to do. I came from Bristol; I was acquainted with 
               
                  William 
                  Hickes 
               



             of Bristol; he lived in Barnaby-street.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
