





237. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Rich 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a copper tea kettle, a mahogany waiter, a brass lamp, seven pair of women's shoes, and three pair of leather muffatees
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Lane 
                  




                
            , March 14
. ||


                  Richard 
                  Lane 
               



            . I am a glover
; on the 14th of last month, coming to my stall that I rent near Cavendish-square


, I found my lock off; I found all my place in confusion. A watchman came and said, don't make yourself uneasy, for the man that has robbed you is in the watch-house; I went there, and found the goods mentioned in the indictment. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  Lawrence 
                  Abel 
               



            . I am a watchman; I stopped the prisoner, with this bag of things produced here, about three o'clock that morning; I asked him what he was about; he said he was a poor man in debt, that he was a clog maker, and was taking his things away, fearing he should have them seized, and that his wife was gone with a parcel before; I put my hand to the bag, and found a pair of sheers; then he said he was a breeches-maker, and a glover; I thought proper to take him to the watch-house. When he went before the Justice, he said he was a shoe-maker
.
Prisoner's defence.
I was wronged by a woman; she had robbed my wife of her hat and cloak; I went after her, but could not find her; coming back I met two or three acquaintance, I got a little in liquor; and on this side Marybone watch-house I found these things in the road, I had like to have tumbled over them.
He called four people to his character, who said he was a watchman, and they knew no ill of him before this.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
