





228. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Wright 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of women's stuff shoes, value 5 s. one pair of men's shoes, value 6 s. and a shirt, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Batchellor 
                        



                      
                  ; a pair of leather breeches, two shirts, and a pair of worsted stockings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Matthews 
                  



                
            , April 21
. ++


                  William 
                  Batcheller 
               



            . I live in Dolphin yard, Bishopsgate without


; I am a lodger to Mr. King, that keeps the Dolphin inn; the prisoner used to go on errands for me, and his mother worked for me in closing shoes; some time ago I missed a a shirt, a pair of men's shoes, a pair of women's stuff shoes, and a pair of stocking; I sent for the prisoner, and asked him if he had not been and taken the things; at last he owned he had taken a pair of men's shoes and a shirt, from my bed-room; and that he went to another place, and took a great many things and pawned them, which we have found since; he is between 15 and 16 years of age.


                  William 
                  Matthews 
               



            . I lodge at Mr. Batchellor's; about the latter end of December I lost a shirt, and a pair of buckskin breeches; and the beginning of January I lost two new shirts out of the dining-room, and on Easter Monday a pair of worsted stockings; afterwards I heard him, when charged with taking things, confess he had taken them all and pawned them; we found some at Mr. Davis's by London Wall, and some at Mrs. Miller's, where he directed us to.
Susanna Croxion. Sister to Mrs. Miller, deposed the prisoner pledged with her a pair of leather breeches, a shirt, and a pair of men's shoes.
Henry Grande Rainshaw, servant to Mr. Davis, deposed the prisoner pledged with him a pair of stuff shoes, a pair of stockings, and a shirt, (produced in court and deposed to by the respective owners)
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him.
