





200. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Donnelly 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver knee-buckles, value 4 s. a pair of chrystal sleeve-buttons set in silver, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lacuse 
                        




                      
                  ; and 41 l. 10 s. 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        Clement 
                        Corderoy 
                     



                  , privately from the person of the said John
            , April 5
. +


                  John 
                  Lacuse 
               



            . I am apprentice
 to Mr. 
               
                  Clement 
                  Corderoy 
               



            , who makes irons for saddle-trees, and lives in Lower Thames-street. On Sunday night, the 5th of April last, I lay at the King's Head, Covent Garden


. I had 40 l. 19 s. of my master's, in a canvas bag, in one pocket, and the knee-buckles and sleeve buttons in the other pocket. I awaked about five in the morning, and found the things gone; I went down and acquainted the man with it, and went to bed again, but could not rest; then I came down again. The man at the bar said there was a chairman in the house, that he suspected had robbed me; he advised me to go to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             for a search warrant. I got one; when I came back again, the prisoner was seen to go into the King's Arms, Princes-street; we went in and took him there, and took him to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear 
               



            , in Bow-street, and on searching him we found 34 l. 12 s. 6 d. in his pocket, and my knee-buckles in his breeches, and sleeve-buttons in his shirt sleeves. I can swear to the knee-buckles to be my property; the buttons are of the same sort as mine, and I believe them to be the same I lost; but as there are many of the same sort, I do not swear to them. We took the prisoner to Sir John Fielding, who committed him to Clerkenwell Bridewell.
Q. How came you to lie at the King's Head that night?
Lacuse. I was trusted with that money of my master's, and I very imprudently lay out.
Q. What had you to do at the King's Head, Covent-Garden?
Lacuse. I had spent some of the money, and I was afraid to go home again.
Q. When had you received that money for your master?
Lacuse. I had received it a fortnight before.
Q. Had you been from your master all that time?
Lacuse. I had.
Q. Was you sober when you went to bed?
Lacuse. I was, and am sure I had the money then.
Q. What is that King's Head?
Lacuse. It is a night-house.
Q. Had you seen the prisoner in that house before?
Lacuse. I had, two or three times.
Q. Where did you put the money when you went to bed?
Lacuse. I put it under my pillow in my breeches, and went to bed about ten o'clock.
Q. How long have you served of your time?
Lacuse. I have served about two years and a half.


                  Joseph 
                  Stevenson 
               



            . I am an officer. About the 5th of April the prosecutor came to me with a warrant, and said he had been robbed by a man that went by the name of 
               
                  Tom
               


             the Sailor. I knew him very well; he is a chairman, and plyed at the corner of Russel-street. Going along, I saw him dressed in a new coat and waistcoat; this was between ten and eleven o'clock in the forenoon. He was watched, and seen to go in at the King's Arms in Princes-street; there I went and took him, and carried him to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear 
               



             in Bow-street; and upon searching him I found 34 l. 12 s. 6 d. upon him, and these knee buckles in his breeches, and sleeve-buttons in his sleeves. I took him over to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and he committed him to Bridewell.

Prisoner's defence.
I found the money and thingunder my foot at the King's Head; I lodged here.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from is person
            



               T
            .
