





126. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     King 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two geese, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Chalkhill 
                  




                
            , Dec. 26
. ++


                  Anne 
                  Chalkhill 
               



            . I live in Whitecross-street


, and am a poulterer
; I had two geese lay dead and picked in my window, which were taken away near nine in the evening on the 26th of December.


                  Richard 
                  Talman 
               



            . On the 26th of December between the hours of eight and nine at night, I was standing in my mother-in-law's shop, Mrs. Chalkhill; I was talking to some people; I heard a cry, there goes the thief; we having been frequently robbed, we had taken this method of tying the fowls all to a string, the string broke; I missing the two geese, went out and followed the prisoner, and saw the two geese on his back; he turned down a court and dropt them; I still followed him; when I came up to him, he took up a brick, and put himself against the wall in a posture of defence, to strike at me; he seeing me resolved to take him ran away; I pursued and took him; he was never out of my sight, or above three arms length from me; we got him to a public-house while I got an officer; we tied his hands, he got loose and knocked down several people that assisted the constable; he vowed revenge when he got his liberty; the geese were taken up and carried back.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming along Bunhill-row very much in liquor; I got about the middle of the row, and heard the outcry stop thief; a man came running after me as I was walking, he went past me; I was making the best of my way home; in about two minutes after this gentleman came up and stopt me, and took me in at the Two Blue Posts in Bunhill-row, and left me in custody with no body; I had a pint of beer in the house; the man said, has any body any charge of this young man; they said no; then the man bid me go out; as I was going out, an old man came and said I should not go out.
To his character.


                  Joshua 
                  Sclater 
               



            . I am a packer, the prisoner is a watch-pendant maker
; I have known him near seven years, he is a very honest man; business has been dead, and he has lately turned night-man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
