





138. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Swann 
                  



               
            , single-woman
, was indicted for 


               stealing 41 yards and half, ellwide, stitched blue and white silk, called lutestring, value 10 l. and 23 yards of three-quarters wide silk, called lutestring, value 6 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Campert 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cadman 
                     



, March 23
. ++.


                  John 
                  Cadman 
               



            . I am a weaver. The prisoner was servant
 to me. I lost a couple of pieces of silk out of my loom.
Q. Describe them.
Cadman. One half-ell wide blue and white stitched, called lutestring; the other a three-quarter lutestring.
Q. What do you value them at?
Cadman. One at 10 l. the other at 6 l.
Q. When did you lose them?
Cadman. I missed them on the Tuesday morning in the Holiday-week, they were taken away on the Monday night.
Q. Why did you suspect the prisoner?
Cadman. I had no reason to suspect her; she owned it of herself to several people, and afterwards to me. I asked her how she came to do it? she said, she could not tell; but the d - l put it in her head.
Q. Could she come at them?
Cadman. She could.
Q. What were her words, as near as you can recollect?
Cadman. She said, when I sent her home on the Monday night, that instead of going home, she went up stairs and cut them out of the loom. We sent for an officer, and took her to Mr. Fielding's. he was not at home; there was another magistrate there, I don't know his name; there I mentioned what she had confessed. She said she could not say to the contrary of what I had said.


                  Moses 
                  Cowen 
               



            . On Monday night the prisoner brought this piece of silk, [producing a piece] and demanded 30 s. on it.
Q. What are you?

Cowen. I am a pawnbroker.
Prosecutor. This is my property, and what was cut out of my loom that night.
Cowen. I asked her how she came by it, she told me it belonged to a gentleman, that wanted a little money upon it. She had a gown which lay for 2 s. she wanted that out. I stopped the piece, and bid her bring the gentleman to me; but she never came any more, till she was taken into custody.
Q. Did you advertise it?
Cowen. No.
Q. Why did you not?
Cowen. I informed my neighbours about it; and said, I should keep it a day or two, but I saw it advertised two days after. The gentleman came to me, and asked me, if I had such goods; I told him I had; and after that, he came to me, and told me, he had found out the thief.


                  Hannah 
                  Pritchard 
               



            . The prisoner came to me, and desired she might leave this bundle with me. [Producing a piece of silk.]
Q. What are you?
H. Pritchard. I keep a pork-shop; she came back in about half an hour, and then desired I would go along with her to the last evidence, to pawn it; but I did not go, but had the curiosity to look into it.
Prosecutor. This piece is my property also.
H. Pritchard. I shewed it to another person, we thought it was stolen, and we stopped it; I heard her own she stole it from her master Cadman.
Q. to Prosecutor. Was your loom in your dwelling-house?
Prosecutor. It is.
Q. Whose goods are these?
Prosecutor. I am not the owner, they are the property of Mr. Campert; but I am answerable for them, as they were in my care.
Prisoner's defence.
I went on the Tuesday night to that gentlewoman's, for this piece of silk, and she would not let me have it; I wanted to carry it to my master again.




               Guilty 39 s.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


