





462. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Crofts 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one wooden box covered with oil cloth, value 4 s. twenty yards of silk, value 6 l. twenty-five yards of gold lace, value 5 l. three yards and a half of woollen cloth, value 3 l. 10 s. one straw hat lined with silk, and trimmed with silk ribband, value 12 s. two yards of stuff, value 4 s. eighty-four gilt metal buttons, value 5 s. six hanks of silk, value 2 s. two ounces of thread, value 3 d. half a yard of buckram, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Norman
                      M'Donald
                  




               
            , July 15
. ++


                  Norman
               


             M'Donald. On the fifteenth of July I employed the prisoner to carry a box, in which were the things laid in the indictment (mentioning them) from Portland-street to Wapping. I picked him up in Tyburn-road, and asked him if he was a porter; he said, Yes. When he took it up, he said, You must pay me, for you will not meet me at Wapping. I gave him a direction, when by St. Anne's church, to carry it to Hore's wharf, Wapping, and ask for the first Inverness smack I said, You must not deliver the box to any body. Upon reflection, I did not think it safe to leave him. This gave me an opportunity of looking at him. When we came to Fish-street hill


, I was before him, and he directed me down the hill. I and my friend walked on, and when we were got a few yards into Thames-street, I looked back, but could not see him; then we concluded he was gone the nearest way to Tower-hill, but we could not find him. I went to the wharf, but he had not been there with the box. I had the box and goods described in an advertisement on the Monday. On the 17th of August I met the prisoner in Watling-street, at the corner of Bread-street. I seized him, charged a constable with him, and sent him that night to Wood-street Compter. I asked him what he had done with my box; he said he did not know any thing of my box, but turned as pale as death. The next day I carried him before my Lord Mayor, where he was examined. He would not own to the fact. There was his master, whom he worked for. My lord said to the prisoner, If you will not tell where your lodgings are, here is one that will; so the prisoner told us. My lord granted a warrant to search his lodgings. I went with the constable. There I found some of the gold lace, and the oil cloth that covered the box, with my hand writing upon it, and some buttons and thread, silk, buckram, and lining. These were furniture for a riding habit: they were all rolled up in the buckram. (The oil cloth and lace produced. Upon the oil cloth was the letter M. and a number wrote by the prosecutor.) I asked the prisoner what he had done with the rest of the things; he said part of the goods he had left with a wheelwright in Swan-alley for a debt; the silk he told me he had sent to Leeds in Yorkshire, to one 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tukes 
               



            , so that I have not got it again.


                  Thomas 
                  Rothwell 
               



            . I went with a search-warrant, and found these things in a box in the prisoner's lodging.
Prisoner's Defence.
I cannot say that ever I saw the prosecutor before he took me. I cannot tell where I got the things that they found in my box. They ran away from me, I looked after them, and staid a great while, but could not find them. I thought they put the sharp upon me. I had no intentions at all upon them. I could not tell where the goods were to be carried, nor nothing about them.
To his Character.
Robert Park. I am a carman, and live upon Snow-hill. I am obliged to keep two men to take orders, and give directions to the men. The prisoner was one of them. He attended in Bread-street.

Q. Do you know how he came in Tyburn-road that day?
Park. I sent him with a gentleman's box as far as the Hog in the Pound in Oxford Road. While he was with me, I found him very faithful.


                  John 
                  Griffin 
               



            . I have known him about two years. He lodged at my house. I always thought him a very honest man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
