





147. (M) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stewart 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one stock bed, value 12 d. one woollen cover-lid, three blankets, one feather pillow, one cloth jacket, one cloth and callimanco waistcoat, one plaid waistcoat, one baize waistcoat, and one pair of cloth breeches
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Michel 
                  




                
            , Jan. 28
. ++


                  Alexander 
                  Mitchel 
               



            . I am a seaman
; I was ship-keeper
 to the ship Neptune, lying at Mr. Smith's wharf below the Hermitage


; I lay on board to take care of her; I was gone on shore to get my supper, I had shut my hatches down; I found the door open when I returned, which I had locked when I went out; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment, (mentioning them by name) from off my bed in the cabbin; the next witness can give a farther account.


                  Alexander 
                  Dorrits 
               



            . I keep a broker's shop in Ratcliffe-highway; the prisoner brought a bed, three blankets, and a rug to me, and said he was come from Russia, and that his name was Stewart; I bought them of him; after that, Mr. Mitchel and others came with a search-warrant for them, and I delivered them to him directly, and told him who I bought them of.


                  James 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am master of the ship; I went with the constable to Dorrit's house. I had been informed the goods had been carried there by two boys; when the prisoner was taken, he owned he took the goods out of the ship.


                  Matthew 
                  Chesham 
               



            . I am the officer; I had the prisoner in custody, he gave an account of every thing; I went with him where he said he had sold the jackets or waistcoats, and there we found them; there were four of them; (the goods produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner. I did take the things out of the ship.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him.
