





319. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dollard 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lewis 
                  




                
            , May 22
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I was coming up Ludgate-hill


, on the 22d of May, a little before 12 at night: I heard a voice behind me of, Stop that man, he is a pick-pocket, stop that man: presently after, I heard the same voice say to me, I believe your pocket has been picked; I felt, and missed my handkerchief: I ran down the hill, and saw a number of people standing at the end of a court; they told me a man had ran down there; I went down, and at the bottom of the court, was the prisoner standing against the wall, as if making water: I laid hold of him, and brought him into a public-house; then I thought proper to see if he had not dropped any thing where I found him; I went to the place, and one Drawwater with me; we saw nothing: we went into the house to the prisoner again; after which, Drawwater went out, and brought in my handkerchief. (Produced in court, and deposed to.)

Mr. Gordon. I was coming up Ludgate-hill that night. I saw a man put his hand into Mr. Lewis's pocket; we apprized him of it, and followed the man down a court: there Mr. Lewis found the prisoner, and by his appearance when in the public-house. I believe him to be the man that put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket. Soon after we were in the house, Drawwater went out, and brought in the handkerchief, which Mr. Lewis said was his property.
Q. How near is that court to the place you saw the hand in the prosecutor's pocket?
Gordon. The court was on the opposite side of the way, about half a dozen doors distant; the man immediately made cross the way, and ran down the hill, and got out of my sight before he got to the court: when I got to the court, a person told me a man was just gone down there; there was no thoroughfare.
Q. Did the prisoner give any account how he came there?
Gordon. No, he did not.


                  John 
                  Drawwater 
               



            . I was going up Ludgate-hill, and heard the cry, Stop thief; I ran cross the way, and saw a man run down an alley; I went and saw the prosecutor have hold of his collar, and took him into the tavern: it was the prisoner.
Q. Can you say whether that man that you saw run down the alley was the same man you saw the prosecutor had by the collar?
Drawwater. No, I cannot. I saw no other man run down that court.
Q. What did the prisoner say?
Drawwater. He said he knew nothing of the handkerchief, and desired to be searched, and pulled off his coat: the prosecutor went out, and returned again, and said he could not see his handkerchief; then I took a candle, and went to the place, and saw the handkerchief lying in a spout; it seemed to be tucked in: this spout is within about a yard of the bottom of the court. I brought it in, and the prosecutor owned it.
Prisoner's Defence.

I served my time to a shagreen case maker
, in Gutter-lane, Cheapside; I always worked hard for my bread: I never was guilty of such a thing before in my life.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
