





441. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty-one pounds of lead, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Avelling 
                        




                      
                  , fixed to the dwelling house of the said Daniel, did rip, steal, and carry away,
            
July 2
. ||


                  Richard 
                  Burt 
               



            . I am foreman to 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Vass 
               



            , a bricklayer in Drury-Lane; the prisoner worked for him: I was sent for to Justice Welch's, on the 22d of June, and asked whether the prisoner worked for Mr. Vass. I said he did: he was there examined, and owned he stole a piece of lead from the house of Mr. Langford, the auctioneer. I was sent to measure it, and found it sitted the place from whence there was some gone, by the side of a sky-light. The house is the property of Mr. Avelling.


                  Joseph 
                  Gray 
               



            . I keep an old iron-shop, in Parker's-Lane; on the 2d of this instant, between eleven and twelve at night (I was gone to bed) the prisoner brought this piece of lead, and got leave of my servant to let him leave it in my yard 'till morning: the next morning he came, as I was opening the shop; I judged it was stole; I told him, if he would bring any sufficient person to prove he came honestly by it, I would give him a market price for it, if not, I should detain that and him too; after that came the officer down the lane; I charged him with the prisoner; he was taken before Justice Cox; there he owned where he took it f rom. There is about 3 l pounds of it.
Prisoner's Defence.
A bricklaver, named Andrews, desired me to go and sell it for him, and bring him the money the next morning.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
