






220, 221. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Norman 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Grudgeworthy 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted, the first for 


               stealing a linen shirt, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     White 
                  



                
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , April 5

. ++


                  Richard 
                  White 
               



            . I live in Hemlock Court, King's-gate-street, St. Clement's



: about two in the afternoon, on the 5th of April, my wife had hung a shirt on a line to dry; presently after, my eldest child going to the back-door, saw Grudgeworthy; she said she waited there for a gentlewoman: the shirt was soon missing: I went to her lodgings: they denied her.


                  Edward 
                  Henlon 
               



            . On Good Friday I met Mr. White in a passage that leads to Chancery-lane; he asked me if I knew where Grudgeworthy was; he said he had been at her lodgings, and she was not at home: I got a young fellow to go with me to her lodging; there was a shirt, which the prosecutor owned, hanging to dry by the fire, and Norman was in the room by it: I took her and the shirt to the Swan in Bream's Buildings: we saw Grudgeworthy going by; I asked her to go and drink; I took her to the Swan; I asked her if she knew any thing, of that shirt, she said, no: she said Norman brought her to Mr. White's, saying she was going to one Mr. Martin about some business; and when she came out, she brought that shirt, but she did not know of it's being stolen.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went up stairs to enquire for one Harper, and saw this shirt lying on the floor, up three pair of stairs; I took it to Grudgeworthy's room to dry it, as it was wet.
Norman, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Grudgeworthy 

               Acquitted
            .
