





174. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Williams 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk cardinal, value 12 s. a linen apron, value 2 s. 6 d. and two linen handkerchiefs, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Allen 
               




             , spinster
, Feb. 14




                  Elizabeth 
                  Allen 
               



            . I came from Scotland lately; I had been out of place, and I went to be at Mr. Anderson's at Execution-dock, Wapping. On Saturday last, in the evening, I left my things mentioned in the indictment, and went out a little way, and when I came back they were gone; I went and enquired about, and at Mr. Thompson's, a pawnbroker, I found them; when I was at his shop the prisoner came in; he said, that is the woman that brought them here; the things were produced in her presence; she seemed to deny the pawning of them, but he was positive to her.
Mr. Thompson. I am a pawnbroker; I took in a silk cardinal, a linen apron, and two linen handkerchiefs of the prisoner at the bar, on Saturday last; she wanted half a guinea on the cloak; I said, I could not let her have half a guinea upon that; then she produced the other things, and I let her have half a guinea upon them; the Monday following, Mrs. Allen came and asked me, if I had a sattin cardinal in the name of 
               
                  Christian 
                  Jackson 
               



            , I think that was the name; I told her, I had no such name upon my book; she then described the things; I said, I thought I had such; I shewed them to her; she said they were her property; we took the prisoner and things before the Justice; the things were delivered to 
               
                  William 
                  Beech 
               



            , the constable.


                  William 
                  Beech 
               



            . I am constable; these are things that were delivered to me before the Justice; (producing the things mentioned in the indictment, deposed to by prosecutrix.)
Thompson. On the Wednesday morning Mrs. Allen came to my shop a second time; while we were talking the prisoner came in, and I said, this is the woman that brought the things to me.
Mrs. Anderson. I keep a public-house at Execution-dock; Mrs. Allen lodged at my house; the prisoner was at my house last Saturday, about four o'clock; she called for a pint of twopenny, but I know nothing of her taking the things; she was there about an hour and a half, but never sat down, but walked backwards and forwards; there was a man along with her. there was no woman came in but she till the things were missing; we had a suspicion of either she or the man; the man we did not know.


                  Mary 
                  Marso 
               



            . I live at Mrs. Anderson's; I remember seeing the prisoner at our house that afternoon, about four o'clock; she drank a pint of beer with a waterman.
Prisoner's defence.
I was taken at a nonplus; I leave it to your Lordship, and the gentlemen of the Jury; I am innocent



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
