





465. (L.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Frazer 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harffly 
                  




                
            , July 10
. *


                  William 
                  Harffly 
               



            . I live at the corner of Hart-Street, near Jame's-Street, Covent-Garden. I am an apothecary
. On the 10th of July I was going to the Post-Office, about a quarter after ten at night, when two men past me. 
               
                  John 
                  Crosby 
               



             came up, and told me one of them had picked my pocket. I took one of them by the collar, which was the prisoner. I was told he had delivered my handkerchief to the other, who went away up Birchin-Lane. The prisoner was searched, but nothing found upon him.


                  John 
                  Crosby 
               



            . On the 10th of July, I went to spend the evening at my mother's, and coming home down Lombard-Street


, I saw the gentleman coming, and two persons following. I saw the prisoner take a handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to the other, and the other ran away as fast as he could. I had watched them three or four minutes, and saw them attempt it before. The other saw me tell the prosecutor, which made him run off.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going to the Post-Office, to deliver a letter, when the gentleman laid hold of me, and said I had his handkerchief. He felt all over me. I know no more of it than the dead. There was no person with me.
J. Crosby. The prisoner told us the name of the other, and where they used to go about of nights, and said he would tell where he lived, if we would forgive him.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
