





457. (M) 
               
                  Martha, wife
 of 
                     
                        William, Maddox





             was indicted for 


               stealing two linen gowns, value 12 s. and a stuff petticoat, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Deveil 
                  




                
            , widow, July 5
. ++


                  Catherine 
                  Deveil 
               



            . I live in Dean-Street, Soho


. On the 5th of July I lost the things mentioned in the indictment out of a room up two pair of stairs. I suspected the prisoner, as she came up and down to a prisoner in my house. I went about among the pawnbrokers on the 20th of August, and met with some of the things. She came to our house, and was going up stairs to speak with a person, so I told her I wanted to speak with her. I got her into the parlour, and accused her with taking these things: at first she denied it, but she soon owned she had taken the petticoat and gown, and had pawned them; and said, that she would go with me and fetch them, as they were in her own name. We took her before the justice the next morning; there she confessed she had taken the things. She went with me, and we had the gown delivered to us.


                  Sarah 
                  Nutall 
               



            . I keep a clothes shop in Monmouth-street. I bought this gown of the prisoner about seven or eight weeks ago. ( Produced and deposed to.)


                  James 
                  Crookshanks 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Crafton, a pawnbroker in Silver-Street, Golden-square. On the 8th of August, the prisoner pledged this gown and petticoat to me for 11 s. ( Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I leave it to the mercy of the Court. I took them with no other intent but to put them in their places again, but I could not do it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
