





623. (L.) 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Higgins 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing nineteen pair of worsted stockings, value 19 s. nine pair of woollen stockings, value 9 s. two worsted breeches pieces, three yards of baize, and nine yards of slannel
            , the property of Mess. Woolley and Burford. Oct. 4
. +


                     Anthony 
                     Woolley 
                  



               
            . 
               
Mr.
 Burford

             and I are partners

; I had some suspicion of the prisoner, having lost something before, and it was hinted to me by some of my servants, that the prisoner and another was drinking one night pretty late together in my house; I asked him who it was; he answered, 
               
                  John 
                  Evans 
               



            ; he was in a great tremor; I said, if you are an honest man, you can have no objection to my searching your box; I ordered my servant to go down with him for that purpose; the prisoner went first, opened his box, and threw out two bundles of stockings; the box was brought up to my counting-house, where we found some more packed up, sealed with black sealing wax, and directed for the prisoner at Mess. Woolley and Burford's; he acknowledged they were our property: after this I asked him if there was any thing else concealed, if he would tell I might be favourable to him; he told me there was a parcel at Mr. Evans's in St. Paul's Church-yard, which he had carried there; they were found there in consequence of his direction (the two bundles thrown out of the box, and what was found in the counting-house, produced and sworn to be Mess. Woolley and Burford's property, as also the parcel found at Evans's)


                  Benjamin 
                  Linley 
               



            . I was sent into the cellar where his box was; he opened his box, and I saw him throw two bundles out; the box was brought up, and more stockings found, directed to him at Mess. Woolley and Burford's.


                  John 
                  Evans 
               



            . I knew not what was in the parcel he brought to my house; I have been with him at Mess. Woolley and Burford's, but did not know he took any of Mr. Woolley's property.
Prisoner's defence.
I do not know how those stockings came in my box, the other parcel I carried to 
               
                  John 
                  Evans 
               



            , but intended to fetch them back again.
He called 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Jordan 
               



            , of Spitalfields, 
               
                  William 
                  Higgins 
               



            , the prisoner's brother, and 
               
                  Owen 
                  Evans 
               



            , of Moorfields, who gave him the character of an honest industrious young fellow.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
