






129, 130. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Davis 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Imer 
               



              were indicted, for that 


               they, on the 24th of December
, about the hour of six in the night of the same day, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           West 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing eight silk handkerchiefs, value 24 s. and twenty-five silk and cotton ditto, value 40 s. the property of the said Samuel, in his dwelling-house
            . ||


                  Samuel 
                  West 
               



            . I live in Pig-street, behind the Royal Exchange


. On the 24th of December, between the hours of six and seven in the evening, a pane of glass at the end of the shop window was either cut or broke.
Q. When had you observed that window before?
West. I had seen it that very day, in the morning, when the window was first opened; and several times in the day after.
Q. When was the last time?
West. I had seen it about two or three in the afternoon.
Q. Describe the part broke.
West. There is a sash of glass runs down at the end of the window; I keep the shop open generally till eleven at night.
Q. How do you know the window was broke at that time you mention?
West. I know it by the confession of the evidence, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Gammon 
               



            .
Q. What did you lose?
West. I lost a quantity of handkerchiefs; the number I can't say: part were silk and cotton, and some were all silk.
Q. What is your business?
West. I am a hosier and haberdasher: these were part of the handkerchiefs found upon Gammon, (nine in number produced). I can swear to all of them, but particularly one of them.
Q. Are any of your marks on them?
West. No, they are off.
Q. Did you discover the window broke first?
West. No: my wife discovered it first, and I being in an ill state of health, the never mentioned it to me, till Gammon was brought into the shop to me, on Wednesday morning.
William Hill. I am a butcher, and live in Chiswell-street. I know Davis very well; he came to my house, and asked my wife, if she would drink a draught of purl? I was at home; he asked me to drink also: then he asked Imer and Gammon to come up into my room.
Q. When was this?
Hill. This was Christmas-eve, about 7 o'clock. I sat with my back to them, and never got up; they had some handkerchiefs, but I did not look at them, so as to take much notice of them. I heard them say they had thirty-three.
Q. Which said that?
Hill. I cannot tell which said it.
Q. Did you know them before?
Hill. I never saw any of them before, but Davis.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Field 
               



            . I live with Mrs. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hains 
               



            , in Bleeding-hart-yard. I was not at home, when they came there; but I saw the handkerchiefs lying on the table, when I came home.
Q. Did you know all of them?
Hill. I know none of them but Davis. I lodged on Saffron-hill, and he lived with his grandfather there, at that time; and Imer is an acquaintance of my landlady's.
Q. Have you ever seen him there?
Field. I have; six or seven times.
Q. What time did you see the handkerchiefs?
Field. That was about eight o'clock.
Q. to Hill. How long were they at your house?
Hill. I believe they were there about the value of eight minutes.
Q. to Field. Did you ever see Davis and Imer together?
Field. I have seen them come together to Mrs. Hains's house, once or twice.
Q. Did Davis ever come to visit you?
Field. No, never. But he knew me very well.
Q. How came they in your apartment?
Field. I lodge in the house, and I left my key with Mrs. Haines; when I came home, there were a good many handkerchiefs.
Q. What sort of handkerchiefs?
Field. Some silk ones, and some cotton ones; they took them all out of my room, but two, which they dropped: them I gave to Mr. Wright.
Q. Who took them away?
Field. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Davis 
               



            , Imer, and Gammon.
Q. Did you ask them how they came by them?

Field. I did: they said, that was no matter to me.
Q. Which said that?
Field. I don't know which said it.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Field. This was about eight o'clock; these are the two they dropped, (producing them.) I saw all these, that are here produced, in my room; they were counting them, at so much piece: when they went out of the room, every one had a bundle.
Q. What business is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Davis 
               



            ?
Field. I do not know.


                  Richard 
                  Gammon 
               



            . I have known the two prisoners about six weeks.
Q. How did you become acquainted with them?
Gammon. By being in Chick-lane; and being at ale-houses with them.
Q. What ale-houses?
Gammon. The Hog-in-armour, in Field-lane.
Q. Did you know what business they followed?
Gammon. I knew they used to follow no business; but go out in this way.
Q. Who recommended you to their acquaintance?
Gammon. Nobody.
Q. Had you ever been out with them before this affair?
Gammon. I had been out with 
               
                  Dick
               


             the sailor before, and Imer, but not with Davis.
Q. How came you to venture yourself with a man you did not know?
Gammon. I lived in Brick-lane, Old-street; they called upon me on Christmas-eve.
Q. Did they know your business?
Gammon. They did: they asked me if I would go up to Islington with them: I said, I could not, because I had no money: they said, never mind that, that does not signify: so I went along with them.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Gammon. This was about one o'clock in the day; we went together to the Coach and Horses there, and had two pots of beer, and bread and cheese, and gin; when we came back it was dark: they said, they knew of a place where they could get some handkerchiefs, and asked me to go along with them: I said, I would; we went down St. John's-street, and up the city, to the back of the Royal Exchange: then they shewed me the prosecutor's shop, and bid me push the window in.
Q. Was any body in the shop?
Gammon. There were people backwards, in the back parlour.
Q. Did you push the window in?
Gammon. I did; then Davis took out a piece of handkerchiefs, and gave it to Imer; he went with it, and stood just by, till we got the rest out.
Q. What quantity did you take?
Gammon. There were twenty-five silk and cotton ones, and eight silk ones: Imer stood at the corner of a gateway.
Q. Who took the last parcel out?
Gammon. Davis did, and gave them to me; I carried them to Imer.
N. B. The LAST PART of these PROCEEDINGS will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON; And also the Gaol-Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX, HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 16th, Thursday the 17th, Friday the 18th, and Saturday the 19th of JANUARY.
In the Fifth Year of His MAJESTY's Reign. Being the Second SESSION in the MAYORALTY of The Right Honble Sir 
                  
                     William 
                     Stephenson 
                  



               , Knt. LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
NUMBER II. PART II. for the YEAR 1765.
LONDON:
Sold by W. NICOLL, in St. Paul's Church-yard.
[Price SIX-PENCE.]

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-Delivery, held for the City of LONDON, &c.

[Continuation of the Trial of Davis and Imer.]
Q. WHAT time of the night was this?
Gammon. This was nearer seven o'clock than six.
Q. Was it dark, or light?
Gammon. It was dark, at that time, about five.
Q. What did you do, when you had got them out?
Gammon. Then we went over Moor-fields, till we came to the corner of Bunhill-row; there was a woman stood with fruit: Davis went and spoke to her; what he said to her I know not: then we went up a turning, and Davis went up a pair of stairs, into a room; and called us up after him: there was this butcher that has given evidence, and a little girl: he sent the girl down for that woman that was selling fruit. She came, and brought up a pot of purl: there we opened the handkerchiefs, and counted them, to see how many there were.
Q. How was the butcher employed?
Gammon. He was sitting by the fire: he saw us come in, and must see the handkerchiefs on the table, but he did not get up.
Q. How long did you stay there?
Gammon. About ten minutes: we wrapped the handkerchiefs up in an old one, and Imer said, he would go and sell them. He went to a place down Field-lane, while Davis and I stood up a turning; then he came back, and told us he could not sell them: then he said, he would go and leave them in Bleeding-hart-yard: we all three went there: he asked somebody for the key of Bett Field's room, and got it. Imer went up, and stood at the door: he said he would leave them there, and he knew of a place to get some more. We left them there, and went down as far as the end of Fleet-lane: then we said, as we had not sold them, it did not signify to get any more: so we went back, and bought a candle, and went all three into the room, where we divided them.
Q. How many had you a-piece?
Gammon. We had eleven each. As we were counting them on the table, she came in.
Q. Did you hear of any being drop'd?
Gammon. No, I did not: I had all my eleven.
Q. from Imer. Did you ever see me carry any handkerchiefs up into that house?
Gammon. No: it was Davis that carried them up.
Q. from Imer. Had I the key, to unlock the door?
Gammon. No: Davis had the key, but you was with him.

Davis's Defence.
Going along the lower end of Bread-street, I met this lad, Gammon, with a bundle: he said, So, where are you going? I said, to my mother's: he said, I found a bundle going a cross Moorfields; he laid them on the table: there were a parcel of handkerchiefs: he asked me to go and tell them; I said, I would have no concern with them; this was at Mr. Hill's daughter's house; he lives in Chiswell-street: we were going home, and he was going that way; the woman named Haines, lives below; Gammon was not acquainted at that house: I have seen Gammon two or three times at my grandfather's, but was not acquainted with him. The handkerchiefs he had were all dirty.
Imer's Defence.
I went on the other side of the water with Davis, to see his wife in the hospital: coming back, we met this lad; he said, he had found some handkerchiefs; we went to Mr. Hill's with them; t he bundle was put upon the table, and he opened them, to the best of my knowledge; he counted either eleven or thirteen: he wanted me to go and help to sell them: I said, I would have no concern with them.




               Both guilty of Felony only
            . 



               T
            .
Note, Richard Imer is, in the next trial, called 
               
                  Dick
               


             the Sailor.
