





517. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     McCleland 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cook 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and violently taking from his person a silver watch, value 3 l. his property
            , August 5
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Cook 
               



            . On the 5th of August, I and another person took a walk to Lambeth, it being Sunday: in returning home, my fellow-traveller was a little in liquor; I stopped to make water at the foot of Westminster Bridge; he went on, and I lost him: then I thought to take a coach home; the prisoner came to me and said, Pray, where do you want to go? I said, to Red-lion-street, Holborn: he said, I'll get a coach for you: I said, no; I could do that myself: then he said he would lay hold of my arm; I went with him till we came to King's-street, New Guildhall, Westminster


; then I said, this is not the way to go to get a coach: he then stopped me, and with his right hand got hold of the string of my watch, I felt it coming out, put my hand down, and said, You have got my watch. He overpowered me, and got it, and ran away, and I after him; and said, You thief, you have got my watch: he seeing I got the heels of him, turned round and struck me down in the kennel; a witness that is here pursued and took him; the people took him before Justice Manley: there were some soldiers; one said, Am I the man that robbed you? another said the same; the prisoner stood behind them; I said, that is the man; I'll swear to him. (The prisoner is a soldier
.)
Q. Was you drunk or sober?
Cook. I was not in liquor; I was as well as I am this moment.
Q. What time was it you lost your watch?
Cook. It was just 20 minutes past 7, by Westminster clock.
Q. What are you?
Cook. I am a baker
.


                  Philip 
                  Skinner 
               



            . I saw this Soldier at the bar knock the prosecutor down; he got up again, and hollowed, stop thief, he has got my watch, several times over. Mr. Burch was with me; I ran after him. and never lost fight of him till I took him in Peter-street. He was twice rescued from me by the rest of the soldiers; they pushed me about, and gave me blows cross my arms. I took him to Justice Manley; there I saw the prosecutor; he knew him as soon as he saw him.
Q. from prisoner. Whether I struck him before I ran, or afterwards.
Skinner. He ran from the prosecutor, and then turned about and struck him, and knocked him down into the kennel.
Mr. Burch was with the last witness from the first of it, and pursued, and was at the taking the prisoner, and confirmed Skinner in all he said.


                  James 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am constable; I was sent for; there was a great mob; one part were for the prisoner, and the other against him: he was delivered to me; and, with assistance, I carried him to Justice Manley's; the watch was picked up in the street, and brought to the Justice's the next morning. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Q. from prisoner. Was the prosecutor drunk or sober?
Brown. He might have been in liquor, but he was sober enough.
Q. from prisoner. Whether I did not submit to you, and say, I will go to the Justice's?
Brown. He was delivered to me in the middle of the street.
Skinner and Burch both said, the prosecutor was not drunk.
Prisoner's Defence.
Last Sunday five weeks. I was at Lambeth; coming over the bridge, a little after seven o'clock, I saw this gentleman walking; he could not walk of himself; a man that had hold of him let him go; he put his head on his elbow, and his elbow on the bridge; said he, may I put my hand to yours, till I get a coach? I said. there is no coach. I led him by the arm about sixty yards, to the corner of Bridge-street, at the china-shop; I went about a dozen yards from him; the man was falling, he could not stand: there came a chairman running up, (as they will, when they see a man in liquor). I said, you may as well have a chair, for the coaches are all gone: he put his hand in his pocket to pay the chairman; he was so eager, said he, soldier, I have lost my watch; I believe you have it: I said, no; you cannot say so; I have not been in your company but about sixty yards, and I have not drank with you; and fearing I should get into trouble with my officer, I ran away; I gave him a push on the breast, and ran cross the street: he called, Stop thief; I went into Peter-street; the mob gathered about me; I said, I would go with the constable: he was so drunk, he said the man ran away; but could make neither head nor tail of the story; he could not say any one thing in life to Justice Manley.
Prosecutor. All that he has said is false.
The prisoner called 
               
                  Mary 
                  Thorn 
               



            , who said, she lived in Peter-street; that the prosecutor was so drunk that night, he was led by four men: that Mr. Wilkinson at the Cross-Keys in Thieving-Lane was one of the four that led him. Mr. Wilkinson was sent for, who deposed, that the prosecutor and he walked together to Peter-street, and he had hold of his arm; but he did not see any other person lead him; he thought he was a little in liquor, but that he could walk without any body holding him; that he spoke very distinct and very proper; sensible enough to know what had happened to him.




               Guilty of stealing the watch
            . 


               T
            .
