





520. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Vickers 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight printed books, bound in leather, the works of Dr. 
                     
                        Jonathan 
                        Swift 
                     



                  , value 20 s. seven printed books, bound in leather, of Collins's Peerage of England, value 40 s. six printed books, bound in leather, intiated, the Dramatic Works of 
                     
                        John 
                        Dryden 
                     



                  , Esq; and three printed books, bound in leather, by 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Sherlock 
                     



                  , D. D. value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George Booth 
                     Tindal 
                  




               
            , Esq
; Aug. 15
. ++


                  George Booth 
                  Tindal 
               



            , Esq; When I went out of town my books were safe, on Thursday the 28th of July; after I was gone I received a letter, informing me a man was detected in stealing my books; I came to town this day se'nnight, then I missed the books laid in the indictment, from out of my chambers (he produced a letter wrote by the prisoner, whose hand-writing he knew exceeding well; it was read, wherein he acknowledged the taking the said books, and had pledged them to three different pawnbrokers, and begs mercy, &c.
James Brooks I live in the Strand (eight volumes of Swift's works, and seven volumes of Collins's Peerage of England, produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutor;) the prisoner brought Swift's works on Saturday the 6th of August, and pledged them for half a guinea; and on Monday the 8th he brought Collins's Peerage; I questioned him how he came by them, he did not give me a satisfactory account, but after a good deal of talk he permitted me to go with him to what he called his chambers in the Temple; he with a key opened the door, I saw over the door the name Tindal; upon that I said to him, you gave me a different name than this; his answer was, that the gentleman who lived there before he had the chambers was of that name; he farther intreated me to go in and be satisfied, but I told him I was quite satisfied they were not his chambers; I went down stairs, and at the bottom of the stairs is a periwig maker's shop; I went in there, and enquired if Mr. Tindal had chambers there; the person told me he had, and that he believed he was then at Bristol; I went immediately home, and by that time the prisoner was got to my shop, I taxed him very closely with stealing the books; upon that he opened the door, and out he ran; I jumped over the counter, and ran after him, and brought him back, and had him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; he committed him for farther examination.


                  Joseph 
                  Paterson 
               



            . I live in Fleet-street; on the 5th of August the prisoner pledged with me three books of Dr. Sherlock's Sermons (produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Hugh 
                  Davidson 
               



            . I live in Fleet-street, the prisoner pledged with me six volumes of Dryden's works for 40 s. in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Vickers 
               



            ; he told me he had chambers in the Temple (produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence.
I was hired a servant; four days after that my master went into the country, I contracted several debts, I had a letter from my master that he would be in town in a little time; I was obliged to pledge these, but expected when my master came to town to get them again; I have a wife and two children.
To his character.


                  Angus 
                  Kennedy 
               



            . I have known the prisoner between nine and ten years, I never heard nothing in regard to his character before now; he was along with me at the reduction of Belleifle and taking of Quebec; I was a serjeant of marines, I now belong to the militia, and so does he.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
