






63, 64. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Lankstone 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one hempen sack, value 2 s. and four bushels of wheat, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mason 
                  




                
            , Jan. 8
. ||


                  William 
                  Mason 
               



            . I live at Ryslip


, and am a farmer
. Last Friday night I lost a sack of wheat out of my barn. The sack marked W. M. I went to 'Squire Jennings, and got a search warrant. I went to Lankstone's house on Sunday morning before he was up: there we searched, and found three bushels of flour. We charged him with taking a sack of wheat from my barn; he confessed every thing about it; and that he had it ground at Dagnall's mill. It was in the room where he lay.
Q. What is he?
Mason. He keeps two horses, and goes about the country with sand: the other is his brother-in-law, and is a labouring man.
Q. Did you ever find the sack?
Mason. No. Then we went and searched the other prisoner's house; but found nothing at all there.


                  John 
                  Mason 
               



            . I am son to the prosecutor. I heard Lankstone confess the stealing the wheat; and he said also. that Smith was concerned with him. Then we took up Smith, and he confessed before Mr. Jennings, that he set a ladder up to the pitch-hole for Lankstone to get into the barn.


                  Lawrence 
                  Mason 
               



             confirmed that of the two prisoners confession.
Lankstone's Defence.
My house-keeper gleaned the wheat, that the flour was made of in harvest.
Smith's Defence.
I am very innocent of it, they found nothing in the world upon me.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


