





32. (M.) 
               
                  Hester 
                  Berry 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silk gown, value 5 s. one linnen gown, value 2 s. one man's stuff nightgown, value 11 s. four linnen shifts, value 4 s. nine muslin neckcloths, value 4 s. and two linnen aprons, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Dickinson 
                  




                
            , widow
, Oct. 28
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Dickinson 
               



            , I keep a cloaths-shop
; the prisoner has frequented my shop for three or four months. I live in Broad St. Giles's


, about a month ago I left some things, I could not tell how. When I missed a man's night-gown, I knew nobody had been at my house but the prisoner. I had a search-warrant, and searched her lodgings; there I found some of the things mentioned in the indictment, and some of them at a pawnbroker's in Bow-street, a silk gown, a night-gown, neck-cloaths, and sheets, my property.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Colston 
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my house. She brought me a linnen apron, and shewed me a man's plad night-gown, and said, she was going to sell it; she shewed me a silk gown, and said, she was going with it to Chick-lane.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have witnesses that saw me pay the money for them.
For the prisoner.
Mrs. Wiley. I was by when the prisoner agreed with a person for the things; the person said, they belonged to a woman in distress.
Q. Where was this?
Wiley. In her own room. She bought them of Mrs. Colston.
Q. to E. Colston. Did you sell her these goods?
Colston. No, I did not.
Q. to Wiley. Did you see this woman sell the goods to the prisoner?
Wiley. I heard them talk together about buying things.
Colston. She shewed me these things and said, she had them of a kept madam. I never saw this woman in my life, till I saw her in Newgate. She is sister to the prisoner at the bar, I find.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
