





270. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Dalton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three china bowls, value 5 s. and a china tea-pot, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Boosley 
                  




                
            , April 17
. ++


                  William 
                  Boosley 
               



            . I live at Poplar


. Yesterday morning we miss'd a china bowl that was generally in the house; I desired the maid to go and look into the closet to see for it, and she miss'd two or three more. I suspected the prisoner, as he used to come backward and forwards. I keep cows, and he is a milkman. I apply'd to one of my men where the prisoner lodges, to ask if the prisoner had brought any thing home over night, he told me, he had enquired of a friend of the prisoner's at Limehouse, and he found the prisoner had left a tea-pot there. I enquired at home, and found there was one lost. I went to that house, and desired the woman to let me have that tea-pot that the prisoner left there. I brought it home, and my maids all knew it to be mine after that I took the prisoner into my parlour; and charged him with taking a china bowl, and china tea-pot he denied it, and said, he had no china at all. I said, Have you no tea-pot? he said, No. Then I shewed him the tea-pot, and said that he had left it to be sold for 4 s. 6 d. in Ropemakers fields. He said he had that pot of a woman in Ratcliff highway. She was fetched: she declared she never saw it with her eyes before. Then I got a warrant, and charged him: he then went on his knees, and begged I would have nothing to do with it; saying, it was the first time, and necessity drove him to it: this he confessed before my family, and before the Justice also.


                  Thomas 
                  Stone 
               



             deposed to that of the prisoner's confession.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took them when I was in liquor. It is the first time I ever did such a thing. I was taken last night, and had not time to send for any body.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
