





159. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Roberts 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver knee buckles, value 2 s. and two silver stock buckles, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Parsons 
                  




                
            , April 5
.


                  John 
                  Parsons 
               



            . The prisoner has work'd for me upwards of three years. Last Christmas I counted up my stock and found some deficiency, which gave me some suspicion of the prisoner at the bar. On the fifth of April 1 desired my wife to conceal herself behind a partition joining to the stair case; in which partition is a little knot in the wood, which I can take out, and that commands the shew-glasses. She can better give the court an account of what she saw; after which we watch'd the prisoner, and found upon him a pair of knee-buckles and two stock-buckles, my property.
Q. What are you?
Parsons. I am a cutler
, and keep a cutler's shop
, and sell silver
.


                  Ann 
                  Parsons 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor. I put on my cloak and went out, and left my husband and the prisoner at work together; I bid them take care of the shop. I went round, and came in the back way. This I did to take an opportunity to watch the prisoner, my husband having before hand designed to send the prisoner up into the shop, after I was gone.
Q. Where were they at work?
A. Parsons. They were at work below. He sent the prisoner up for some emery and oil. I was got to the hole, where I saw the prisoner come and take out of one drawer a pair of knee buckles, and out of another two stock buckles, silver, which he put into his waistcoat pocket, on the right hand side. I went out at the back door, and told the gentleman that made the buckles of it. He went home along with me, where he said to my husband, Mr. Parsons, call up your man. When he came up, my husband said, 
               
                  William 
                  Roberts 
               



            , I have been a very great sufferer, and I have a very great suspicion of you. I have never wrong'd you in my life, said he. Said I, if you please to put your hand into his right-hand waistcoat pocket, there you will find a pair of silver knee buckles, and two silver stock buckles. The gentleman, Mr. Hatton by name, put his hand into that pocket, and there he found them. Then he asked him how he came by them. He gave him no answer, but fell down on his knees, and beg'd my husband would forgive him. Then we took him before the justice, where he said he knew nothing of them.


                  Thomas 
                  Hatton 
               



            . I am a silver-buckle maker. On the 5th of this instant, between four and five in the afternoon, Mrs. Parsons came to my house, and told me she had seen the prisoner take a pair of silver knee buckles and two silver stock buckles out of two drawers, and desired I would go along with her. I went, and the prisoner was called up, whom we desired to go into the back room. Mr. Parsons began to accuse him of being guilty of robbing him. Mrs. Parsons said he had put them into his right hand pocket, in which I found them; three of them were of my own making, that is, two knees, and one stock buckle.
Q. Who did you make them for?
Hatton. I believe for the prosecutor; the prisoner beg'd forgiveness.
Q. from the prisoner to the prosecutor. Did you ever see me wrong you of a farthing?
Prosecutor. I always had an extraordinary opinion of him, as an honest man. I had no intention to bring him to this place; it was his own obstinacy. I desired him to give me an account of other things that I had lost, but he would not.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming from dinner that day from Newport Market, and I found these buckles in St. Martin's Lane; they were in two different parcels; I put them into my waistcoat pocket. I intended to keep a pair of knee buckles and one stock buckle for myself.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


