





573. (L.) 
               
                  William 
                  Robinson 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing 9 glass bottles, value 18 d. one pint of rum, value 12 d. four quarts of brandy, one pint of geneva, and one pint of red Port
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Wherlings 
                  




                
            , October 1
. +
Jer. Wherlings. I live at the Bear and Ragged Staff, in Smithfield


: the prisoner was chamberlain
 to me. A gentleman wanted to go out of town, and the prisoner had his spurs in his possession; he being out of the way, my sister went up into his room to look for them: she came down, and told me she had seen these bottles with liquors, in two of his boxes: we went, and found five in one, and four in the other; six with brandy, not quite full, part of a bottle of gin, part of a bottle of red port, and part of a bottle of rum. Some of the bottles were marked at the bottom, with the mark of the Jerusalem tavern, where we have all our wine. When he came home, I sent for a constable, and charged him with it, and he confessed that he took them; he said, he found them in the cellar, and took them from thence. (He has no immediate business in the cellar.)
Joseph Hill. I am a constable. I was sent for to the prosecutor's, on the 1st of this instant; he told me, he imagined he had been robbed by his chamberlain; he sent for him. When he came in, I said, how came you to rob your master? he said he found the bottles in the cellar: we went up to his room, and out of two trunks, we took the bottles; four from one, and five from the other: the prisoner owned he carried them up at divers times, and put them there.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had no bottles but one, with a little gin in it, which a gentleman gave me: I always leave my keys at home, when I go out, and somebody put these bottles of liquor in. My master told me, if I would confess he would forgive me: then I confessed I took them.
Q. to prosecutor. How long has the prisoner been with you?
Prosecutor. He came from the Saracen's-head, in Friday-street, and had been with me about four months.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
