





444. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Haselgrove 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen shirt, value 10 s. one china punch bowl, value 5 s. and one muslin neckcloth, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Griffith 
                     Owen 
                  




                
            , July 2
. *


                  Griffith 
                  Owen 
               



            . I live at Sunninghill-Wells: on Monday, the 2d of this instant, between eight and nine in the morning, I went into my garden; there were three or four gentleman's servants standing by my fish-pond side: they asked me the reason of the water being so muddy? I seeing my net hanging wet and dirty on the pales, suspected my pond had been robbed. I keep the inn, and sell fish, when gentlemen want any. I enquired of my servants, whether any body had wanted any fish before I was up? they answered, no. I sent 
               
                  William 
                  Bromley 
               



             after the stage to London, to see if any fish had been convey'd away; he came back, and said he found the prisoner at the White-Horse Cellar, in Piccadilly, and with him a hamper; that, upon examining it, he found five brace and a half of carp, and a bundle; I went to London about a week after, and found the bundle at the White-Horse-Cellar, in it was a shirt, a neckcloth. and a China punch-bowl; I believe the bowl and neckcloth to be mine, but as to the shirt, there are the initials of my name upon that, I can swear that it is mine; it is a remarkable punch-bowl, I lost such a one at that time. The prisoner had been a waiter at my house the time of the races, from Sunday to Sunday, and went home that day.


                  William 
                  Bromley 
               



            . I live at Sunning-hill; Mr. Owen sent a man and horse to my house, the 2d of this instant, being the Monday after the races, about nine in the morning, with an order to take a horse, and ride after the Reading machine, in pursuit of the prisoner at the bar, (I had seen the prisoner there all the week before) he suspected he had robbed the fish-pond. I took a horse, and rode to Hounslow; there I had a fresh horse, and made all the expedition I could: just by the New White-Horse-Cellar, in Piccadilly, I saw the prisoner in the street; I hung my mare and went in; I called for some beer, and said we will drink together. I drank with him, on purpose to keep him quiet 'till a constable could be sent for; I sent two or three porters out for a constable; they brought me word they could not get one: the prisoner wanted to go over the way; then I told him he must not go, for I had a suspicion he had robbed Mr. Owen. I sent to Justice Welch, and he sent two men; they tied his hands, and called for a coach: I asked the landlord if the prisoner had brought any thing; he said there was a hamper in the cellar, which was ordered to be brought up and searched; there was some fern at the bottom, with a bundle tied up in a handkerchief, and five brace and a half of fish, very large ones; (five pounds a brace) the landlord of the house will tell how it came there. The hamper was put into the coach, and carried to the justice.


                  Abraham 
                  Hatchet 
               



            . I belong to the White Horse-Cellar, in Piccadilly: this bundle ( producing one) has been in my custody ever since; it is now in the same condition it was when I received it. (The prosecutor deposed to the shirt, as his property.)
Q. to Bromley. Who was the hamper directed for?
Bromley. For one Smith: Mr. Welch ordered the prisoner to write on a sheet of paper, where he lay last night, and his name; this was in order to see if the writing was alike.
Q. to Hatchet. Do you keep the White-Horse-Cellar?
Hatchet. I do; this hamper was brought in the basket by the Reading machine. The direction on it was for one Smith; the hamper was taken out by the coachman: I was present at the time.
Q. Did the prisoner claim that hamper?
Hatchet. He said there was a hamper to be taken out; it was delivered to my servant, Jonathan Howard, in my presence: the prisoner ordered the hamper to be taken care of. Some people had sat upon it in the basket behind, and put it out of its form; my servant put his knee against it, in order to press it into its form again. The prisoner said, take care, there is china in it, then he ordered it to be taken down into the cellar which is used as a warehouse for goods that come by the machine; then he went out of the house, with the coachman, and I followed him; the coachman asked me for the carriage of the hamper. The custom is for me to pay, and to receive the money again: the prisoner said, he would pay the shilling, because he knew the person it belonged to; he paid it. When Bromley came, he asked what goods we had come by the Reading machine? I told him. I went with them to the justice, and was at the opening of the hamper; this bundle was taken out: I took off the direction from the hamper, here it is, name Smith. Upon examining the bundle, we found these things, here produced, in it; the prisoner said he knew nothing of the shirt, bowl, or neckcloth.
Prisoner's Defence.
Coming down with the Reading machine. I saw, a basket; I believe the coachman took it up at Sunninghill-Well tap-house; the man of the house hollowed to him, and desired him to stop, and sa there was a hamper left there, in order to come to town; that is not the house where Mr. Owen lives. The coachman stopped in the road, about fifty yards from the door: as he was putting it up, I saw it was directed for one Smith, to be left at the White-Horse-Cellar till call'd for; he put it be hind, in the basket, where there were about four or five passengers, they sat down upon it. I knowing one Smith, that had some dealings at Ascott, the race week, thought it belonged to him; I had but very little acquaintance with him; he and I were fellow-servants about a week, at Epson races, about three weeks or a month ago: I told the passengers I believed I knew who that hamper belonged to; I imagined it was full of glusses or china: the coachman was kind enough, upon that, to desire the passengers to take care of the glasses in it. When we came to the White-Horse-Cellar, it was taken down; the coachman asked me, as I knew Mr. Smith, if I would take it to his house. I said I did not choose to take it; let them put it in the warehouse till he called for it: I said, I did not know where he lived; then the coachman and I went into the house, and sat there about half an hour, and drank two or three pots of beer. Looking through the window, I saw Mr. Owen's man riding past; I ran out after him about fifty yards, and asked him if he would come and drink; he said, he was going into Cheapside; after that, he said, he was going into Fleet-street; there we sat; I was a going, after that, over the way to a gentleman of Hounslow; I saw him go in there: he said, sit down; I said, I shall not stay: I did not know what he was about then, or I had taken it away before: he bid me sit down, and said, I'll be ingenuous with you, and tell you what I came about; we had drank three or four pints of negus: he sent for a constable, and I was taken before Justice Welch; the hamper was opened; I had no more suspicion of what was there, than your lordship; there was a bundle: Mr. Welch asked me where this Smith was, and who he was; I said, I did not know his Christian name, nor where he lived; and if I had brought myself into a premunire, it was unknown to me.
For the Prisoner.


                  George 
                  Keen 
               



            . I have known him three or four years; I never knew or heard any bad character of him; I have seen him in very creditable company.


                  Joseph 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I have known him ten years: I keep the Saracen's head coffee-house, in Mansel-street; he lived servant with me; he has a very good character.
Mr. Horniblow. I am a servant: I have known him about five years: I was at Hampstead races; he was my servant there; he behaved very honest and civil.
Mr. Lyon. I have known him four or five years; he is looked upon as an honest man; that is his general character.


                  Francis 
                  Pratt 
               



            . I have known him three or four years; and have employed him: I know nothing of him but that of an honest man. I live with Mr. Sims at the Bedford-head.


                  Thomas 
                  King 
               



            . I keep a tavern in Goodman's Fields: I have known him five or six years; I always looked upon him to be a very honest man.
Jenkin Morris. I am a victualler, in Hungerford market: I have known him about four years; his character in general has been a very good one.


                  Charles 
                  King 
               



            . I live in Hudson's court, in the Strand: I have known him between five and six years; he has lodged in my house; I never knew nothing of him but that of a very honest man.
Mr. Gawthwaite. I have known him about four years; he has a very good character; I never heard to the contrary.
Mr. Cogan. I have known him about four years; I never heard any ill of him before this.
Mr. Dowling. I am a house keeper, in St. Martin's parish: I have trusted him with things, and found him just and honest; his character is nothing but what is good.
Mr. Stafford. I am a housekeeper, in St. Martin's parish: I have known him six years; he has a very honest character; I would trust him with any thing.
Prosecutor. I would beg leave to recommend him.




               Guilty of stealing the shirt only
            , 


               T
            .
