






196. 197. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Chaff 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Claxton 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Martin 
                     Tomkins 
                  




                
            , April 4
. ++


                  Martin 
                  Tomkins 
               



            . I was walking along by the Change


, on Saturday the 4th instant, about one o'clock at noon; a man came and told me my pocket was picked; I felt and missed my handkerchief; he went and brought Claxton to me; he bid me take hold of him, and he would go and fetch the other; I took him into an apothecary's shop; he brought me two-more, but one of them was discharged; my handkerchief was found under Claxton, in the shop.


                  William 
                  Goodwin 
               



            . I and 
               
                  John 
                  Palmer 
               



             a brother porter, observed the two prisoners and another man, going backwards and forwards by the 'Change, last Saturday was three weeks, between one and two o'clock; we watched them, and saw them make motions at several gentlemens pockets, but they got nothing; the prosecutor was coming along, his pocket happened to be a little open; just before he came to the pastry cook's shop, we saw Chaff take his handkerchief out of his pocket, and give it to Claxton; Palmer catched hold of them both, and we took the third person, but he was discharged before my Lord-Mayor; they were taken into an apothecary's shop, and the handkerchief was found under Claxton; (produced and deposed to by prosecutor.)
Chaff's defence.
I never saw this lad (meaning Claxton) in my life, before they took hold of me; I work for Mr. Roberts a basket-maker.
Claxton's defence.
I have nobody at all to appear for my character; I work at White Friars glass-house
; I took the handkerchief myself. I know nothing of this other lad.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
