





567. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Matthias 
                     Harding 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of mens shoes, value 3 s. and one pair of mens pumps, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Randall 
                  




                
            , Sept. 1
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Randall 
               



            . I am a shoe-maker and leather-cutter
, I live in the Strand; the prisoner portered for me almost two years. On the 1st of this month I sent him with a parcel of goods to a customer in Glass-house-street; he afterwards went with other goods to Cockspur-street; the other evidences will give a farther account.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Jobins 
               



            . I live in Round-court in the Strand. On the 1st of this month I heard a man say to my girl, take care of these shoes till I call for them; she brought in two pair of shoes and a pair of pumps, they did not appear to be finished; I bid the girl put them by, she did; I went to the door, there was the prisoner with some sole leather in a bag; I said, am I to take care of these shoes till you call for them; he said, yes.
Q. Did you know him before?
E. Jobins. No, I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Q. What are you?
E. Jobins. I keep a public-house; I asked him what he was going to do with the shoes; he said he was going to carry them as far as Tottenham; I said it is very odd a master shoe-maker should send such shoes out of his shop in such a condition; he called for a glass of gin and went away; I suspected they were stole, so went to the next shoemaker's shop, and there I was directed to the prosecutor.


                  Anne 
                  Hodges 
               



            . The prisoner delivered the shoes to me at my mistress's door, he took them out of a sack, (the shoes and pumps produced in court.)
Prosecutor. These are my property, they never were sold; they are rough as they came out of the workman's hands not finished.
Prisoner's defence.
I am innocent of the affair, I know nothing about the shoes; I did not leave them there, I never was at that woman's house in my life; I have ported for Mr. Randall two years.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
