





47. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Ritchie 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eight pounds weight of brass
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Nairne 
                  




                
            , Oct. 8
. ++


                  Edward 
                  Nairne 
               



            . I live opposite the Royal Exchange, in Cornhill, and am an optical, philosophical, and mathematical instrument maker
. On the 4th of October, Mr. Gyles, a brass founder, in Shoe-lane, came to me, and said his clerk had bought several parcels of brass of a woman, who called her name Wells, and particularly the day before, amongst which was a rough brass foot to a reflecting telescope, which had been broke to pieces, by being first made hot in the fire; I went and saw it, and it evidently appeared to be cast from my patterns: the clerk told me some conversation he had with that woman; that she said, she had been at Gibraltar, from which I concluded it must be the wife of the prisoner, as he had been there, and worked in my house. I desired him to take care of that brass, and if she came with any more, to buy it, and let me know; and in the interim I ordered my foreman to put a private mark upon my brass. On the 18th of Oct. Mr. Gyles's clerk brought another parcel of brass, which he said he bought of that woman the day before: on examining it, I found two pieces with that private mark: I then got a warrant, and took up the prisoner at the bar, and his wife; they were examined before Mr. Alderman Alsop; Mr. Gyles's clerk swore he bought it of the wife, and my foreman swore to the private marks. The prisoner acknowledged the woman to be his wife, and that he had part of that brass in his custody: I never knew the woman to come to my shop: here is part of an air-pump handle, which was part of the work he had to do for me.
Mr. Saunders deposed to the brass being the property of his master the prosecutor; and Mr. Cardel, clerk to Mr. Gyles, deposed, the brass was brought to his master, by the woman the prisoner owned to be his wife.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
