





3. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lutwitch 
                  



               
            , was indicted, for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gregg 
                  




                
            , July 18
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Gregg 
               



            , I live in Barnaby-street; I was at St. James's


 on the 18th of July; I was in the crowd seeing part of the royal family coming out of the coach; the prisoner stood close to me by my side, and another man, seeming to be of his company, stood behind him; the prisoner push'd against me, and catch'd hold of the string of my watch with his right-hand.
Q. How do you know that?
Gregg. I felt a pull at it, I look'd down and saw his hand at my fobb, he took out my watch and put his hands behind him, and took it with his left-hand from his right-hand, and put it into his left-hand waistcoat pocket, then he turn'd about and was geting out of the crowd, I follow'd him: in about a minute or two after he had got it, Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Watkinson 
               



             said to me, Have you lost any thing? I said, Yes, I had lost my watch. He said, I saw this man take it, and laid hold of the prisoner, and said, Where is the watch you took from the gentleman? The prisoner said, What watch, and took it out of his waistcoat pocket: Mr. Watkins took it from him and delivered it to me. Produced in court, and deposed to.
Q. Had he gone far from the place where you say you lost it?
Gregg. No, he had not got out of the court-yard, but was moved a little way from the spot.
Prisoner's Defence.
My father and I are braziers, there are none in England but us in the same branch; I had no need to go a pilfering for my living; that is all I have to say.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
