





54. (M.) 
               
                  Henry 
                  Robinson 
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Deponbesant 
                  




                
            , Dec. 21
. +


                  Philip 
                  Depobesant 
               



            . I live with 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Huff 
               



            , Esq; I left my watch on the dresser, by some pewter pots, about 9 o'clock on the 21st of December, and was gone to the necessary house about four or five minutes. When I returned, I asked my fellow-servants after it. They said the boy at the bar had been in for some alehouse pots; I challenged the boy with it, but he denied it. About a week or a little more after, I was sent for to justice Welch's; there was the boy, and my watch produced to me; it was delivered to Mr. Clarage.


                  John 
                  Clarage 
               



            . The prisoner lived servant
 with my father, who lived near Mr. Huff: My father was taken ill about the 9th or 10th of December. I visited him once a day, and was with him the night he died. That very night there was a discovery made by my brother, in regard to one of the ostlers purchasing a quantity of silver buttons of the boy at the bar. I examined the boy; he stood it out with great resolution, but at last confessed to me he had stole the silver buttons. Then I taxed him with the watch; he strenuously denied knowing any thing of it. He was as pretty behaved a boy as ever I knew, and was reputed as honest; he was much esteemed by a society that belonged to my father's house. After my father was buried, I took him to justice Welch's: Mr. Welch examined him a great while; he strenuously denied knowing any thing of the watch. Mr. Welch, having much business to do, desired me to take him into the yard, and see what I could do with him. There the prisoner, to my great surprize, told me he had it then in his pocket, with two handkerchiefs over it, where it was found. Then I went in and told the justice. Then we went to work to find out who put him on to do this. He never would confess any thing of that sort, The ostler who bought the buttons of him is absconded.
Q. How old is the boy at the bar?
Clarage. He is about 11 years age. I have a great regard for him on the account of his tender age: He was a very quite, pretty, active boy, but there are many aggravating circumstances in this affair?
Court. Who set you on to do this wicked action? It will be better for you to tell the truth.
Prisoner. Nobody set me on.
[The watch produced, and deposed to by prosecutor].



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


