





41. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Cormack 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 30 s. one steel watch-chain, value 1 s. two silver seals, value 2 s. and one brass watch-key, value 1 penny, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Powell 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , November 24
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Powell 
               



            . I keep the Unicorn Ale-house, in Fountain-court, in the Strand




. On the 24th of November, betwixt seven and nine o'clock in the evening, I laid myself down on a bench, in my own tap-room, to sleep, having been up almost all the night before. There were divers coal heavers, and others, to the number of about twenty, in the house, when I awaked: I said, Gentlemen, what time is it?
Q. What time was it?


                  Thomas 
                  Powell 
               



            . It might be about nine o'clock, I felt for my watch, and missed it.
Q. What sort of a watch was it?


                  Thomas 
                  Powell 
               



            . It was a silver watch. I went to the bar to my wife, and asked her, if she had taken it out? she said, she had not; I turned into the tap-room, and challenged all the company with it; they all said, they would stand search: the prisoner was out of place, and came with a man, whom I knew very well, and had laid one night in my house. I gave the watch up as lost, for about an hour; a coal-heaver said, he had seen the prisoner lean over me two or three times, and he, at the time, begged of the prisoner not to awake me. The prisoner was gone to bed: my servant-girl went up stairs, and came down again, and said, she had awaked him; then I went directly up to him, with two or three men with me: I searched his coat, waistcoat, and breeches; he was awake, I believe, but, when I spoke to him, would give me no answer, but spoke like as if he had been asleep: I attempted to awake him, I found nothing; he would not come out of bed, I took him by a leg and an arm, and pulled him out, and ordered him to dress himself; he denied knowing any thing of the watch. I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             for a warrant, (the people kept him in the house till I came back,) when I came back, I was told, he had delivered them a razor, and bid them cut open the feather-bed, on which he lay, and there they should find the watch: I went up, and cut open the bed, and there I found it: produced and deposed to, after that, he said, another man brought it there to him, as he lay in the bed, and put it there; but, before I went up stairs, he told me he put it there, and fastened the tick up again, with some pins.
Joseph Hall, and 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Jenkins 
               



             the constable, both confirmed that of the prisoner, when first charged, denied the fact, and afte rwards owned he had put it in the bed, and that they saw it taken out.


                  William 
                  Yates 
               



            . I had a pint of beer at Mr. Powell's house, as Mr. Powell lay on his back sleeping, with his handkerchief over his face. I saw the prisoner leaning over the box, and over him as he lay, and was in that position sometime: I said, don't awake him, for he is weary, then he came from him, and turned towards the fire: I saw nobody so near him as the prisoner, but, having no suspicion of any thing, did not observe his hands.


                  Anthony 
                  Flanigan 
               



            . I draw beer in the house; I drawed a pint of beer for the prisoner; he desired me to set it down by him, this was after he came down stairs again; I said, I was very sorry the thing should happen; he drawed out this razor, (a razor produced) and gave it me, and bid me go up stairs and cut the tickin of the bed, and there I should find the watch, and desired I would bring it down to him, and not let any body know of it; I went directly and told my mistress of it, by which means it came to be found.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of the watch, neither did I give any razor to that man.




               Guilty. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
