





545. (L.) 
               
                  Ann 
                  Hill 
               



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silk gown, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Dalton 
                  




                
            . September 23
.++


                  Jane 
                  Dalton 
               



            . I keep a coffee-house
 in Hatton-garden


: on the 23d of September, I lost a silk gown out of a two pair of stairs chamber: I had left the door of that chamber open: I advertised it on the 25th; and on the 26th, Mr. Davidson, a pawnbroker, came and informed me he had it: I asked him, if he could describe the person that brought it: he said, she was a little girl; she brought it in the name of a person that he knew, and he had lent her 16 s. upon it: I said, I had advertised a guinea reward, and if he chose it, he should have it: he said, no; he only desired the money he lent upon it, which was 16 s. he said, he knew the girl again, and if she came any more he would stop her: which he did on the 28th, and sent for me, which was the first of my seeing her to my knowledge: she was taken to the Compter, and on the Tuesday before the sitting Alderman: there she owned she did pawn it, but said, she did not steal it; that a woman gave it her in Hatton-garden, and desired her to pawn it. Whoever took it, went in at the entry door, which commonly stands open.
Mr. Davidson. I am a pawnbroker, and live near Temple-bar: the prisoner brought this silk gown to me on the 23d of September, and asked 16 s. upon it: she said, it was a gentlewoman's, from whom, at various times, she had brought several things: I lent her the money upon it: I seeing it advertised, let the prosecutor know I had it: when the prisoner came again, I stop her, and she was committed: she said, she had it of a woman, but would not mention any name: there were seven shillings found in her pocket.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming down Hatton-garden; just by Holbourn a woman met me, and said, she would give me a shilling if I would go and pawn the gown: I did; and when I came back again the woman was gone: so I kept the money.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See her tried No. 435, last Sessions Paper, by the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Killing 
               



            . Cast and whipped.
