





457. 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Parker 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a flannel petticoat, value 2 s. and two linen aprons, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Hall 
                     



                   , spinster

; a linen shirt, value 6 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Heathcock 
                        



                      
                  ; one linen shirt, value 3 s. and one neckcloth, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lucas 
                        



                      
                  ; one linen shift value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah 
                           Burton 
                        



                      
                  , spinster
; a shift, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Deschier 
                        



                      
                  ; a shift, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Eleanor 
                           Lovell 
                        



                      
                  ; two linen handkerchiefs, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Lilley 
                        



                      
                  ; a pair of linen sleeves, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Baylis 
                        



                      
                  ; a cheque apron, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Woodfield 
                        



                      
                  , spinster
; and a shirt
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas
                      Jourdan
                  



               
            , August 11
. *
Mr. Miles. The prisoner lived with one Mr. Reyner, in Hoxton town; Mary Hall lives with me; she said there was some body frequented the house that was not honest; we could not tell who to suspect; there was a cloak of Mary Hall's missing; we went over to the prisoner's mistress, and desired she would look over the prisoner's things; she did, and came and brought an apron; after that we made farther enquiry; there were after that two pair of sleeves; then the prisoner being taken up, and charged with taking these things, she confessed she had sent one 
               
                  Anne 
                  Allen 
               



             to pawn several things at Mr. Cox's, a petticoat, two handkerchiefs and an apron.
Mary Hall. I live with Mr. Miles, I lost a petticoat and two linen aprons; one of the aprons and petticoat were found at the pawnbroker's, (produced in court and deposed to;) the prisoner told me she had sent them there. I lost them some time in May last, and found them the 12th of August; we lost many things five months ago; the prisoner owned she had taken a good many things, but could not tell the number of them; the other things belong to people that are out of their minds under my master's care.
Prisoner. I hope the court will be as favourable as possible.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
