





381. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Artery 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. and 2 half guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Haley 
                  




                
            , June 21
. ||


                  Thomas 
                  Haley 
               



            . On the 21st of June, I was going to the globe in the Strand, to see a fellow-servant
 that keeps it: an utter stranger to me put himself in my company; going there we had a pint of beer; he said he had a letter to deliver at the Talbot Inn, saying that he came from Reading in Berkshire; he went and came back again in about five minutes; after that he persuaded me to go with him to the Lebeck's Head, saying a man was to pay him a guinea there.
Q. Did you ever live in London?
Haley. I lived with the Earl of Macclesfield fifteen years, but was not always in town. When we were at the Lebeck's Head, the prisoner call'd for something to drink by himself, but he fell into discourse with the company; there were two other men in the room; I pull'd out my watch to see what o'clock it was; the prisoner took and twisted it out of my hand, and gave it over the table to another man; they were all strangers to me; I took out my money to pay: he took two half guineas out of my hand: I began to make a noise; two of them got away; the prisoner was going out, and I got hold of him.
Q. Who paid the reckoning?
Haley. I don't know, I paid none, nor did I call to know what was to pay; the men were all gone away: this was in a little room backwards below stairs; they went out at a door that goes into Half-Moon-street


: the prisoner, when I laid hold of him, said, What do you want with me? and threatened to knock my eyes out: When he found I would hold him, he said he would get me my watch and money again, for he knew where it was; and bid me not make a noise: this was without the door; the people all persuaded me not to go with him, telling me I should, be murdered; so I took the prisoner before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , who committed him to the Gatehouse; and after that I had a card came for me to go to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; I went, and then the prisoner owned to Sir John, that he took the watch from off the table.
The prisoner, in his defence, said, the prosecutor went to tossing up for large sums of money with the men there, and at last laid his watch against another man's, and lost it.
The prosecutor declared, that there was tossing up amongst the others, but he never concerned himself in it, but wanted to be gone from them.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . I was servant at the Lebeck's Head at that time; the prosecutor and another young man came in some time before the prisoner: when the prisoner came in, he asked for two young men; he was shewed into the room to two young men that were there before the prosecutor came in: the prisoner call'd for pen. ink, and paper, and a gill of wine; he mixed company with them; there was not the least complaint of any thing being lost: the young man and the prisoner went out before the other men.
Q. Did you see them go out?
Pain. No; but I saw them come in again; the other men paid me the reckoning, and were gone, before they came back.
Q. How long might the prisoner and prosecutor be absent?
Pain. About eight or ten minutes; when they came back again, they asked me for the other men; I said they were gone; then the prosecutor swore an oath, and said he was robb'd of his watch and two half guineas; and took the prisoner by the sleeve, and said he had snatched them from him, and had delivered them to another man, and he would not go out of the house without his watch: then the prisoner said, Come along, and they never went into a room, but went out together.
N. B. The LAST PART of these PROCEEDINGS will be published in a few Days.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON; And also the Gaol-Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX, HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 10th, Thursday the 11th, Friday the 12th, and Saturday the 13th of JULY.
In the Fifth Year of His MAJESTY's Reign. Being the Sixth SESSION in the MAYORALTY of The Right Honble Sir 
                  
                     William 
                     Stephenson 
                  



               , Knt. LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
NUMBER VI. PART II. for the YEAR 1765.
LONDON:
Sold by W. NICOLL, in St. Paul's Church-yard.
[Price SIX-PENCE.]

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-Delivery, held for the City of LONDON, &c.

[Continuation of the Trial of 
               
                  James 
                  Artery 
               



            .]
Q. DID they go out in a friendly manner?
Pain. I cannot say they did.
Q. Did you see any tossing up when they were there?
Pain. I did not. I heard something twice, like the found of money on the table.
He called 
               
                  William 
                  Pope 
               



            , a periwig-maker in Russel-street, Covent-Garden, who had known him thirteen or fourteen years; 
               
                  James 
                  Newland 
               



            , a chairman, in St. Martin's Parish; 
               
                  William 
                  Curtis 
               



            , a lodger at the Bird in Hand, Long-Acre, periwig-maker; and 
               
                  Terence 
                  Lawless 
               



            , a chairman in Russell Street; who said he was a periwig-maker, and that he had a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
