





307. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Spindler 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bentley 
                  




                
            , May 18
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Bentley 
               



            . On the 18th of May, about half an hour past nine at night, a lady came behind me; she asked me if I had not lost my handkerchief; I found I had; we went a little on before I thought to turn back; my acquaintance that was with me said, you may as well go back; the gentlewoman pointed to the prisoner, and said, that was the man; we went and took him to the watch-house, and gave the constable charge of him; he was searched, and the handkerchief found upon him; (produced and deposed' to.)
Q. Did you see the prisoner near you?
Bentley. No, I do not remember I did.


                  George 
                  Pennock 
               



            . I was the constable of the night; the prosecutor brought the prisoner to me at the watch -house, and charged him with picking his pocket of his handkerchief; I asked him if he had seen it since; he said, no; I ordered a watchman to search him, and this handkerchief was found in his pocket.


                  Sarah 
                  Percival 
               



            . I saw Mr Bentley coming down Holbourn


, on the 18th of May at night; there was the prisoner and another at his pocket; I saw the prisoner take a handkerchief out of his pocket; I stepped to him and informed him of it. I have seen the prisoner and other persons, pick many gentlemen's pockets this last winter.
Prisoner's defence.
I drank a pint of purl at the Three Tuns, and coming up Snow-hill, I saw the handkerchief lying on the ground; I took it up and put it in my pocket.
Prosecutor. When the prisoner was examined before the Alderman, he said he was guilty.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
