





558. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Spencer 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden box, value 1 s. a cloth coat, value 10 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 5 s. a pair of breeches, value 6 s. a linen shirt, two linen shifts, and an apron
            , the property of 
               
                  Lyon 
                  Barnet 
               




             , July 19
. ++


                  Lyon 
                  Barnet 
               



            . I live in Harrow-alley, Petticoat-lane


; I went to drink a pint of beer with my dinner, when I returned my door was open, and a box with the clothes in it was missing: upon enquiring I found the prisoner was seen running with a box under his arm, all in the rain; I got a warrant from my Lord Mayor, and took him up; he acknowledged he throwed the box away in the fields, and that he had the things, and wanted to make it up; the prisoner is a Jew, so am I.
Prisoner. That man has been tried for his life not above five years ago in this court.


                  John 
                  Davis 
               



            . I am a Jew, a shoemaker; on the 19th of July I was at work in my stall in Wingfield-street, I saw the prisoner come running along with a box in his arms, within 200 yards of Barnet's house, about three quarters of an hour after I saw Barnet running; he said he had been robbed of a box, describing such a one as the prisoner had.
Rebecca his wife deposed to the same effect.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Baker 
               



            , who lives in the same street, deposed the same.


                  Daniel 
                  Peacock 
               



            . I live in Catherine-wheel-alley, Whitechapel; I lent the prisoner a guinea and a half on a waistcoat, a pair of breeches, a shirt, two shifts, and an apron, on the 19th of July, between one and two o'clock.
Prisoner's defence.
That same morning the prosecutor and some others met me in Duke's-place, we played at all-fours for a shilling a game, I lost to the amount of fourteen shillings; my wife had lain in but a fortnight, I went and borrowed of her sister half a guinea, thinking to win my money back, I lost all that; then I said I was ruined; he said he only got so much a game, he did not win my money; he being short of money lent me these clothes to make money of; after that I found he was bribed by people to make a robbery of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
