





174. (L.) 
               
                  Ann, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Preston 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one scarlet cloth cloak, value 3 s. one pair of worsted stockings, value 6 d. 3 ounces and half of silk, value 9 s. and one copper sauce pan
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fisher 
                  




                
            , April 23
. ++


                  Ann 
                  Fisher 
               



            . My husband's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Fisher 
               



            , I took the prisoner into my house out of charity. She took the things mentioned in the indictment from out of my house.
Q. From what part of your house?
A. Fisher. The stockings were taken from out of my window, the Cloak out of a Drawer. I work for Mr. Shovet, in Crispin Street, and I sent her home with my work, which was the silk she carry'd, some to her own lodgings, some she took the money for, and got drunk with it, and this she dropp'd in the street, and a neighbour, one 
               
                  Mary 
                  Austin 
               



            , pick'd it up; the sauce pan she had also out of my room.
Q. How do you know that the prisoner took the things?
A. Fisher. She own'd to it, she had pawn'd the cloak and sauce pan for 2 s.
Q. from prisoner. Did you not give me leave to pawn that silk?
A. Fisher. No, I did not.
Q. from prisoner. Did you not say to me, my dear, I am glad to see you, and kiss'd me afterwards.
A. Fisher. A likely thing that I should do that, when you had pawn'd my things the Monday before.
Q. Did you give the prisoner liberty to pawn any of your things?
A. Fisher. No, I never did.
James apper. The prisoner at the bar pawn'd this sauce pan and cloak to me in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lofty 
               



             (produc'd in court, and depos'd too.)


                  Mary 
                  Austin 
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar drop this silk ( producing some silk) on the ground, I took it up.
Q. When was this?
M. Austin. It was on a Tuesday, I do not know the day of the month.
Q. to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Fisher 
               



            . When did you miss this silk?
A. Fisher. I was sick at the hospital; I ordered her to bring it there to me, that she might carry it home, and bring my money for it on the Monday; and I sent her home to my Master's with it on the Tuesday.
The Prisoner said nothing to her defence.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


