





503. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John
                      M'Crow
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a mahogany tea-chest, a silver table-spoon, six silver tea-spoons, and a tea strainer
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Thompson 
                  




                
            , spinster
, July 11
, ++


                  Charles 
                  Sermon 
               



            . I live in Wine-office-court, Fleet street


. On the 11th of July a mahogany tea chest was stolen out of my house, which contained six silver tea-spoons, a silver strainer, and a tablespoon; I advertised them, and they were brought to me by Mrs. Kingman.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Kingman 
               



            . The prisoner lodged in my house; coming home from market on the 11th of July, I asked him if he had any rent for me; he pulled out five tea spoons, and asked me if I would have them; I said I did not want them; then he pulled out a large spoon and strainer; I told him I did not want them; then he asked me if I would have a large mahogany tea chest; he opened it, and shewed it me; I said I did not want it; he desired I would let it stand at my house a few days; I said, no, it should not; he desired me to take the large spoon and strainer till he brought me my rent; I took them and brought them home, and shewed them to Mr. Kingman; he told me to keep them till they were advertised, suspecting they were stolen; when I found they were advertised, I carried them to the gentleman's house.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Thompson 
               



            . Here are three letters upon the spoon and tongs, (holding them in her hand) they are my property; they were in the tea-chest with the other small spoons.
Prisoner's defence.
If I had known these things to have been stolen, I would not have exposed them to Mrs. Kingman; the man that owned them sat in the tap-room, and she would not go to look at him; I told her, I had them of a tenant that wanted to dispose of them.
E. Kingman He said he had them of a captain of a ship, that had stopped them for a passenger's passage; I never knew he had a tenant.
He called 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Ferguson 
               



            , 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Quin 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Perkins 
               



            , and 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Eagan 
               



            , who said they knew no ill of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
