









147, 148, 149, 150, 151. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Dun 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Frank 
                     Egar 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ash 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 200 weight of cochineal, value 150 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Collins 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hodson 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Godfrey William 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , January 11

. ||


                  William 
                  Collins 
               



            . I missed a barrel of cochineal on the 11th of last month, in the morning, from out of my ship, called the Friendship, lying at West-lane stairs Rotherhithe



. I suspected Dun and Ash, they were lumpers

 on board; that is to assist in getting goods out: I had them taken up and carried before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , for want of proper proof they were at that time acquitted. After this there was some all-spice carried to Smith's house. I went to Justice Cox's at their examination, expecting something of this might transpire; there a person that draws beer at 
               
                  Godfry 
                  Smith 
               



            's, named Dyke, told me the cochineal was brought to his house by Egar and Ash, and told me the waterman was named Beck, that brought it on shore. I went and brought Beck before the Justice, and he declared the same, and swore against all the prisoners at the bar; I got a search-warrant, and searched Smith's house, this was I believe the 12th of January, but I found nothing. I have not seen my cochineal since.
Q. When had you seen it last?
Collins. It was seen every day by my mate and my men. It was marked upon the barrel J. R. I must be answerable for it to the owner.
Cross examination.
Q. How many gallons, suppose the barrel was liquid measure, would it hold?
Collins. It held upwards of forty gallons, it was larger than a cask of wine; it was worth about 14 s. and 6 d. a pound.
Q. When did you see it last?
Collins. I saw it about a week before it was lost.
Q. The prisoners did not confess any thing, did they?
Collins. They did, Dun, Egar, and Ash, confest it before the Justice, that they stole it, and that they were set on by bad people.
Q. What were their words as near as you can recollect?
Collins. They declared they brought it on shore, and sold it to Hodson, and he paid them 21 l. 5 s. for it. Egar said he carried it, Dun declared at the same time, he had not got all his dividend of Hodson yet.


                  Bartholomew 
                  Mead 
               



            . I am mate of the Friendship. I saw the barrel of cochineal that evening, before it was taken away in the night: early the next morning I found the hatches unlaid, and the tackle hanging over the ship side. I immediately went down and missed the cochineal, which lay forward the night before between decks.


                  William 
                  Dyke 
               



            . I am turned of 14 years of age. I lived with Mr. Smith, the prisoner; he keeps a public house, I drawed beer: Dun, Ash, and Egar, brought a cask of cochineal to our house.
Q. How do you know it was cochineal?
Dyke. Because I heard them talk of it, I saw the cask.
Q. Did you see it open?
Dyke. I did, and it was in a bag.
Q. to Collins. Was it in a bag in the barrel?
Collins. It was in one bag.
Q. to Dyke. What colour was it?
Dyke. It was like powder almost, it was blackish.
Collins. It is of a dark brown.
Dyke. They turned up the cask and shook the bag out, and I never saw it afterwards; I do not know what was done with it.
Q. What part of the house was this in?
Dyke. This was in the entry by the parlour.
Q. How long is it ago?
Dyke. It is about a couple of months ago.
Q. Was it before, or after Christmas?
Dyke. It was after Christmas?
Q. What time was it of the day or night?
Dyke. It was about one or two o'clock in the morning.
Q. Who were by at the time?
Dyke. There were Dun, Egar, Ash, my master 
               
                  Godfrey 
                  Smith 
               



            , and 
               
                  Beck
               


             a waterman.
Q. Did you know the waterman before?
Dyke. I did, he had used our house in drinking beer.
Q. What became of the cask after the stuff was taken out?
Dyke. That was broke up, and burnt in our parlour.
Q. Who broke it?
Dyke. My master did.
Q. Was there fire in your parlour at that time of night?
Dyke. There was a little one.
Cross examination.
Q. Has your master a great many customers at different times come to your house?
Dyke. He has.
Q. Are there not stairs to the water?
Dyke. There are.
Q. Are not different goods landed there?
Dyke. Yes.
Q. How long have you lived with your master?
Dyke. I have lived with him 16 months.
Q. Have you and your master ever quarrelled?
Dyke. He has sometimes beat me.
Q. Did you ever threaten to be revenged of him?
Dyke. No, I never did.
Q. What was said to you before the Justice?
Dyke. They said they would hang me if I did not become an evidence against my master; that was if I did not tell what I knew about the cochineal.


                  William 
                  Beck 
               



            . I am a waterman, and ply at Wapping New stairs. About a month and a half ago, I don't know the particular night,) I was employed by Ash, Dun, and Egar, to go on board the ship belonging to Captain Collins, lying at West lane, by Rotherhithe. I have since known her to be the Friendship; I stood in my boat, and they hunted a vessel out of that ship into my boat. I rowed on shore at Mr. Smith's back door, and there landed it, and carried it into his house: then the stuff was taken out of the vessel, and conveyed away.
Q. Who took it out?
Beck. We did among us.
Q. What is Smith?
Beck. He keeps a public house, his back door comes to the shore.
Q. Did you see Smith at the time?
Beck. I did, he did not meddle with any thing; he was sitting by his fire in the kitchen, the vessel was rolled in just by the kitchen door; the back door was left open.
Q. What was in the cask?
Beck. They said it was cochineal.
Q. Which of them said so?
Beck. They all said so, one among another.
Q. Did you hear any money talked of?
Beck. They were to have 85 l. for it.
Q. How do you know that?
Beck. I was concerned in it, we were to have it among us; Hodson was to pay it, he was there, and it was conveyed out of the house by him: he went out of the house while I was sitting in the kitchen. We had a guinea each of us that night, Hodson paid it us.
Q. What is the sign Smith keeps?
Beck. It is the King's Arms. Some time after that, we four, Dun, Egar, Ash, and I, had 10 guineas each paid us by Hodson.
Q. What business is Hodson?
Beck. I don't know, he uses that house.
Q. How long after you conveyed the vessel there was it that you each received the 10 guineas?
Beck. I believe it was about three weeks after, I received mine in the same house, at the King's Arms; Egar received his 10 guineas at the same time, then he married my sister: the other two were then on board a ship, but I heard them say they received theirs also; and last Saturday night I received 8 guineas more of Hodson, that was the last dividend.
Q. to Collins. When were the prisoners taken up?
Collins. They were taken up last Sunday morning. Beck, Dun, and Egar, received their eight guineas each; but Ash has not received his.
Q. Did Smith act any part in it?
Beck. He brought us liquor, and was about in the house; I don't know that he had any concern in it.
Q. to Dyke. Did you see Hodson in the house that night.
Dyke. Hodson was there; he went home with the bag.
Q. to Beck. What was done with the vessel?
Beck. That was burnt in the parlour fire, because it should not be found out.
Dun's Defence.
On Sunday morning I went to look for work on board this ship; the mate employ'd Ash and me, and worked sometimes half a day, and we were taken up on the Monday morning following, we were examined and cleared; I know no more of the thing than the child unborn.
Egar's defence.
I know nothing about it; I should not know the ship was I to see her.
Ash's defence.
I know nothing of the matter.
Hodson's defence.
I can't help it if they have a mind to swear against an innocent man; I know nothing of it: I did keep a coal-shed, and used to deal in stockings.
Smith's defence.
I know nothing at all of the story that has been told; if such a thing came in, it was without my knowledge; it is a common landing place; there are a great many vessels come broken from on board, and lying about the yard; we sometimes throw them into the fire, many things are brought on shore to my house.
For Hodson and Smith.


                  David 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I am a king's officer, I belong to the Excise; I have been acquainted with Smith between four and five years, I survey his house, and am often there; he has a very fair character; I have inspected all parts of his house, I never found any such things; he keeps a reputable house. I know Hodson by his being there, he keeps a sort of a coal-shed, and deals in stockings. I know nothing of his character.
Jos. Towlson. I know Smith, he has an exceeding good character. I have been acquainted with Hodson two or three years; I never heard any thing bad of him, but that of a good character. I have a particular reason for knowing Smith's character; I was once inclined to take him into partnership, and I inquired his character, and found it an exceeding good one.


                  Diederick 
                  Peckerson 
               



            . I have known Smith 17 years: he always bore a very honest character.
John Hill. I am a cooper in Shadwell; I have known Smith 4 or 5 years: he is a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Dolby 
               



            , who had known Smith 14 or 15 years, 
               
                  George 
                  Shadow 
               



             9, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Freck 
               



             10, 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Adams 
               



             23, 
               
                  William 
                  Lincoln 
               



             8 or 9, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Williams 
               



             2 or 3, 
               
                  George 
                  Waltishbank 
               



             7, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pike 
               



             several years, gave him a good character.


                  Alexander 
                  Mackintosh 
               



            , who had known Hodson 12 months, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cooper 
               



             7 years, gave him a good character.
Dunn, Egar, and Ash, 

               Guilty
            . 




               T
            .
Hodson 

               Guilty
            



               T. 14
            .
Smith 

               Acquitted
            . He was detained on another affair.
