





175. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Timothy
                      M'Dermot
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two coach glasses, with wooden frames, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Bland 
                  




                
            , widow
, January 28
. +


                  James 
                  Cordwell 
               



            . I am a coach master, and live in Queen-street, Golden-square


: Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Bland 
               



             keeps her own coach, and I serve her with horses; her coach stands in a coach-house, in my yard: there were two glasses lost from that coach, in wooden frames, covered with light-coloured cloth. I don't know the time they were lost: I think I miss'd them the 27th or 28th of last month, that was the day they were stopt: Colonel Dean informed me he was at Mr. Welch's, upon the bench, and examined the prisoner, and asked him if he had any body to his character, and he mentioned me; I went there, but the prisoner was gone to gaol before I got there: the prisoner had worked for me, in my yard, but was discharged a day or two before: I saw these two glasses at the justice's (produced in court): I make no doubt but they are the same that were taken from Mrs. Bland's coach, by the lining of the coach being the same as the cloth over the frames, and the tassels; and the frames are a little more ovaled on the tops than is common: then I went to New-Prison; there I saw the prisoner: he said he was as innocent as the child unborn, and would confess nothing.
Q. from prisoner. How did I behave when in your service?
Cordwell. Very badly, very loose.


                  John 
                  Watts 
               



            . I am a journeyman salesman to Mr. Dawson, in Monmouth-street: between six and seven o'clock, on the 28th of January, the prisoner came into my master's shop; he wanted a furtout coat, and wanted to change these two glasses for one: he asked 40 s for them: I asked him how he came by them; he said he gave 20 l. for a hackney coach, which he had broke up, and they were the glasses: my master desired me to charge a constable with the prisoner; I did, and carried him to Mr. Welch's office: he said there, he was coming by the Marlborough-meuse, and a man came to him. and asked where he was going; that he answered to the Golden Leg, in Long-Acre; that the man desired him to carry the glasses there, and he would come to him; that he carried them, and left them there two days; and the man never came: and he had been there, and was car rying them to the place where he had them, when he came into our shop.
Shadreck Venden. I am a coach-maker: I made Mrs. Bland's coach: I very believe these two glasses to be the glasses belonging to her coach; the lineing of the frame is the same as the lining of the coach; and the frames are made rising, as the coach is rising over the doors; and the canvass shutters, that I have brought from the coach, answer exactly; there is not one glass in a hundred will match the place as these do.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going from Mr. Cordwell's yard into Marlborough-meuse: I met a man, named 
               
                  Barney 
                  Evans 
               



            , he has since made off; he asked me where I was going; I said to pay a shilling that I owed to one Jones, at the Marlborough: he said, please to take these glasses to the Golden Leg, Long-Acre, and I'll be there soon after you: I did, and staid an hour and half for him, and had a pint of beer; when I saw he did not come, I gave them to the landlady, and went home to Mr. Cordwell's yard again: I was not out of his service at the time: after I was paid off, I went the next Monday, in the afternoon, to the Golden Leg; the man had not called for the glasses: I staid there, and got myself a little in liquor, and went to that saleshop: whether I offered them for a surtout coat I cannot say. I am as innocent of stealing them as the child that was born last night.
For the Prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Coyle 
               



            . I keep a public house in Piccadilly: I have known the prisoner a good many years: I never knew but that he always bore a good character.

Q. Do you know 
               
                  Barney 
                  Evans 
               



            ?
Coyle. No.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
