






601, 602. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bowers 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Fitzpatrick 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing two great coats, value 10 s. and one lacquered wooden tea-chest, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pritchard 
                  




                
            , September 26
. ++


                  John 
                  Pritchard 
               



            . I live in Virginia-street, Ratcliff-highway


, and belong to the customs.
On the 26th of September, about noon, I was backwards in the kitchen. My child was just come from school. The street door was open, and the kitchen door shut. The child came in and told my maid, a man was gone out of the parlour with a great coat on his arm. I went into the kitchen, and said to my friend that was come to see me. Come along with me. We ran out and overtook one of the prisoners, Fitzpatrick, about two yards from the door. He had my two great coats, and my tea-chest in them, under his arm. I took him by the collar, and asked him where he got them things. He said a stranger gave him them in the street. I said I would take care of him. My friend 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Watkins 
               



             took hold of him, and we got him back into my house: going in, he made a struggle, and then the other prisoner rushed into the house along with him. I had not seen him before. He came up to me and asked me the reason I would not quit him; and said he was innocent of the affair, and I had got my things again. Now, said I, you rascal, I will charge you likewise. I locked the door, and sent my maid for a constable. The things were my property, taken out of my parlour, a fore room.
*** In the evidence given by Mr. Garrick, on Mr. Baretti's trial, some Sheets were wrought off with the following error, Paris for Padua, which the reader is desired to observe.
In a very few Days will be published the third and last Part of these Proceedings, containing the Remainder of this and the other Trials; to which will be subjoined, an alphabetical List of all the Prisoners tried in the Course of the present Mayoralty.






THE WHOLE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON; And also the Gaol-Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX; HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 18th, Thursday the 19th, Friday the 20th, Saturday the 21st, and Monday the 23d of OCTOBER, 1769.
In the Ninth Year of His MAJESTY's Reign. Being the Eighth SESSION in the MAYORALTY of The Right Honourable 
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Turner 
                  



               , Esq; LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
NUMBER VIII. PART III.
LONDON:
Sold by S. Bladon, at No. 28, in Pater-noster-Row.

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commission of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol-Delivery, held for the City of LONDON, &c.



                  THOMAS 
                  WATKINS 
               



            . I was in the prosecutor's black parlour when the maid came in, and informed us a man had ran out of the fore parlour. Mr. Pritchard called me. We both went out, and took Fitzpatrick with the things under his arm. Mr. Pritchard asked him how he came by them things. He said they were given to him to carry them to the water-side.
Q. Did he say he knew the man?
Watkins. No, he did not. He came back very willingly till he came to the door; there he struggled, and Bowers rushed in along with him. I did not see him before. Bowers said, What business have you to detain the man, as he was innocent, and as long as Mr. Pritchard had his things again? He said he knew he was innocent, and desired we would let him go about his business.
Q. Did he say he saw a man deliver the clothes to him?
Watkins. No, he did not.
Pritchard. Fitzpatrick said before the Justice that Bowers gave him the things at the door. Bowers denied it.
Watkins. I pressed Fitzpatrick to say who gave him the things, that we might send after them immediately. He said there was no occasion to send after them. When before the Justice, he said Bowers gave them to him at the door, and cried very much.
Fitzpatrick's Defence.
I am a waterman
. I had a fare to carry to the Hermitage from Billingsgate. When I had so done, I was walking up Virginia-street, to go to my mother's, when a man crossed the way to me, and asked me whether I was not a wat erman. I said, Yes. He said, Where does your boat lie? I said, at Execution-dock. He asked me if I would carry these things. I took them and was walking towards my boat, and these people followed me, and took hold of my shoulder. I was pretty much in liquor. It was a man much like this man (meaning Bowers) that gave me the things to carry.
Bower's Defence.
I was called in three times before the Justice. He desired me to swear to this man (meaning Fitzpatrick ); I said, I did not know any thing against him, and I would not.
For the Prisoners.


                  Adam 
                  Wale 
               



            . I know both the prisoners. Between three and four months ago they were both at Greenland together. I know nothing against them.


                  John 
                  Topham 
               



            . I know both of them. I never saw any harm of them.


                  Jane
               


             M'Daniel. I have known Bowers about eight months. He is a very honest man.
Bowers 

               acquitted
            .
Fitzpatrick 

               guilty
            . 


               T
            .
