





304. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Shields 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wicker bread-basket, value 4 s. one half peck loaf of wheaten bread, value 1 s. and nine quartern loaves, value 4 s 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Lylle 
                  




                
            , April 17
. +


                  William 
                  Mather 
               



            . 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Lylle 
               



             is my master, he lives in Hyde-street, Bloomsbury-market; he is a baker
; I pitched my basket on the 17th of April, about ten o'clock, in High Holbourn


, by the Coack and Horses, a public-house, and went up into Hatton garden with two loaves; when I came back, my basket was gone.
Q. What had you left in it?
Mather. I left one half peck loaf, and nine quartern loaves; I was obliged to go home for another basket of bread to serve my customers; after that I went to Rag-fair, thinking it the best place to find it; going along Cheapside, I met the prisoner with the basket, a little on the other side Bow-church; I was coming from Newgate-street way; this was betwixt five and six in the afternoon; the man that was carrying it, said he had it of the prisoner: there was a half peck loaf in it, but that was none of my master's; I got a constable, and took the prisoner and the other man to Wood-street Compter; the prisoner seemed to be in liquor when I took him.


                  Charles 
                  Hill 
               



            . I am a baker, and live in Blackman-street; my master sent me with a half peck loaf to Bishopsgate-street; I met with the prisoner on St. Margaret's-hill; I never saw him before; he was disguised in liquor, and had a parcel of people about him; he asked me to see after his basket; the people had hid it, and would not let him have it without a gallon of beer; this is the basket here (produced and deposed to by Mather as the property of his master) I got it for him, and being going over London-bridge, he being in liquor, I carried it for him, and put my loaf into it; he said he lived in Holbourn with one Mrs. Clark; I carried it to near Bow-church, Cheapside, then Mather came and took us both up.
Q. Did you see any loaves in the basket?
Hall. No; there was none till I put mine in.


                  Joseph 
                  Hazard 
               



            . I was going up Holbourn-hill; I saw Mather go down Hatton-garden with two loaves; I turn'd and saw the prisoner on the other side the way watching him; I went to serve the Bell in Holbourn, and saw the prisoner come and take the basket from the pitching-place, and run up Fetter-lane with it.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Hazard. I have known him three quarters of a year; I had once taken him before the Justice.
Prisoner's defence.
I never took the basket; I happened to go along the Borough; I met a young fellow out of place; I asked him where he was going, and which way he came by the basket; he asked me to drink a pint of beer; there were four loaves in the basket; we had three or four pots of beer at the Green Dragon; he asked me to go and fetch the basket, and when I came it was gone; I being in liquor, the people made game of me; and while I went to a public-house, the basket was hid, and this young man spoke to the people and got the basket again; I had not the basket on my shoulder.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
