






368, 369. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bryan 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Bartholomew 
                     Martin 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing two hundred pounds weight of lead, value 4 s. belonging to 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Ridley 
                     




                   , widow
, fixed to a certain building used with the dwelling house
            , &c. June 24
. +



                  Elizabeth 
                  Ridley 
               



            . My house is in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone


. On the 24th of May, I missed two or three hundred weight of lead from off a back vault in the yard. The evidences are here that secured the prisoner, and the lead is here also.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Scudamore 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Say at Mary-le-bone. On Wednesday morning, the 24th of May, between two and three o'clock, the coachman and footman came and alarmed me that some thieves were about our house. In a little time after they came and told me they saw a man, and they would go and call the watch. I got out of bed, put my window up, and saw three men, one was a thick-set man, he was upon Mrs. Ridley's vault taking the lead, and the other two standing below to receive it. He threw the lead down, jumped down, and went into a stable; the other two carried the lead in after him and shut the door. They were there till the coachman and footman with the watchman went and took two of them. The pri soners are the men.


                  William 
                  Elvington 
               



            . I am coachman to 'Squire Say. On the 24th of May, I brought my master from Vauxhall in the chariot. When I came to the stable, after my master was gone to-bed, I heard somebody whisper these words, The light is not out yet. I came into the house and asked the maid to let us be in her room: the footman was with me. I looked out at the window after the day was broke, and I saw a fellow with white stockings, and also after him a tallish man, and then a little man. They went to the stable door and looked through a hole, and said, The light is all out. They then went about twenty yards farther; the little fellow scaled the wall, and began stripping the lead from Mrs. Ridley's vault. I and the footman agreed to stand true to each other. We went out, he with a poker and I with a broom-stick. We got the watchman to go with us. We went to the place where the lead was thrown down. The maid called to us, and said they were in the stable. We went in. One man ran out at a back place, and got off. We took the two prisoners; one way lying on the ground, the other standing up behind the door. They both said they were sleeping. We found the lead lying by them, about two hundred weight; we secured them, and they were committed.
The footman gave the same account.
Bryan's Defence.
I have a wife and three children. I was in liquor, and know nothing of the matter. I never saw the other prisoner in my life before.
Martin's Defence.
I was locked out of my lodging. A girl of the town brought me there. I was much in liquor. I did not know where I was.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
