





501. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Malhman 
                  



               
             was indicted 


               for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Darlow 
                           Mather 
                        




                     
                   on the 18th of July
, about the hour of three in the night, and stealing two wigs, value 5 s. a mahogany tea-chest, value 6 s. two tin canisters, and three silver tea spoons, the property of the said Darlow, in his dwelling-house
            . ++


                  Darlow 
                  Mather  
               



            . I live in St. Catherine's


. I put my wigs on a sconce in my back parlour, and went to bed, I believe a little after eleven at night, on the 17th of July. When I got up in the morning the screw had been put but a little way in the sash of the back parlour, that was forced out, a square broke in the sash, and the sash lifted up. I missed two wigs and a tea-chest from under the looking-glass. There were two canisters full of tea. I missed three tea-spoons out of a closet. After this I carried a clock home, where was 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Casey 
               



            , to whom I told I had lost two wigs, and described them, who by inquiring found my wigs, and brought them to me.


                  Nicholas 
                  Casey 
               



            . On the 18th of July the prisoner brought these two wigs to me to dispose of them for him about ten at night. I took them to the prosecutor, who owned them.


                  Francis 
                  Egan 
               



            . I keep the Black Lion on Salt-petre Bank. The prosecutor brought a clock home to my house; he told me of his having been robbed of two wigs. Mr. Casey being by, said he would look out for them; he brought the wigs to me the next morning, to see if they were the same. I said they were. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the wigs of a Jew in East-Smithfield.




               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
