





535. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Southern 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted, for 


               knowingly and designedly, by false pretences, obtaining 36 yards of black silk ribbon, and half a piece of flowered gauze, containing 12 yards, &c.
             the property of Mess.

 Garsed and Meyricke, Oct. 20
. ++


                  Tho 
                  Clement 
               



            . I am servant to Mess. 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Meyricke 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Garsed 
                  



                
            , in Wood-street


; the prisoner came to our shop last Monday, between 4 and 5 in the afternoon, in the name of Miss Scott and Britain, in St. James's-street, and asked for two pieces of sixpenny ribbon, one blue and the other black, and half a piece of gauze; I served her with them.
Q. What were the words she made use of?
Clement. She said she came from Miss Scott and Britain.
Q. Did she say where they lived?
Clement. No, she did not; I asked her how long she had been with the ladies, she said about 4 months; I said, I do not remember seeing you there; (I go there twice a week constantly;) I having other customers in the shop, do not remember the answer she made; I asked her what kind of gauze, she said flowered gauze; I opened a drawer of gauzes; she fixed upon a pattern and said, this is the gauze; I asked her if the ladies did not say what quantity of yards; she said it was to be half a piece; I said, that is 12 yards; I cut a 24 yard piece in two: during the time of serving her I asked her several questions about the family; I asked her when Miss Scott would be in town, as I knew she was then at Southampton; I do not know what reply she made to that; I asked her if Miss Newman was with them still, that is a young lady who is an apprentice there; she said, yes, but she believed she would not be there long; when I had entered the goods in the day-book, I made a bill of parcels of them, and put the gauze in one paper and the ribbons in another; the bill of parcels was in the name of Miss Scott and Britain; I helped to put them in the prisoner's pocket. I having an opportunity of being very near her, I found her breath smelt as if she had been drinking; as soon as she was gone out of the warehouse, I said I don't like this girl, I don't believe she came from the people; I bid a servant take his hat and follow her; then Edward Ewer said, if I pleased he would go, and he went, and is here to give an account of what passed.


                  Edward 
                  Ewer 
               



            . I went after the prisoner at the bar; she went down Ludgate-hill, and through many different lanes and alleys into the Hay-market, then she turned back again towards Charing-cross; there a gentleman took hold of her, and they went into the Park; I followed them out at Buckingham-gate; then I went and took hold of her, and asked her if she did not live at Miss Scott's and Britain's; she said she did not know what I meant, and bid me stop her at my peril; I desired her to come back with me to my master's house; she refused it; I said I would charge a constable with her if she did not; she bid me fetch a constable, and she would stay; a woman came up and took her part; then another woman came up and took my part; they fell to quarrelling; then a young man came and helped me; we got her into a public-house, then I sent him for a constable, and he brought one; we carried her to Miss Scott's and Britain's; they were neither of them at home; the young ladies in the shop said they never saw the prisoner before; then we took her before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and he ordered her to Newgate; we put her in a coach and left her there.


                  Mary 
                  Britain 
               



            . I am in partnership with Miss Scott; I know nothing of the prisoner at the bar, she never was in our service; Miss Scott was last Monday at Southampton, and if any orders had been given to the prisoner to fetch these things mentioned, I should have known of it; I gave her none; she was never sent from our house for any goods.
The constable produced the ribbon and gauze in court, and deposed to by Clement, &c.
Prisoner's defence.
Nanny West, who worked for Miss Britain ordered me to go for the goods.
Miss Britain. I know no such person as Nanny West.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
