






338, 339. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ayres 
                  



                
            , spinster
, were indicted, the first, for 


               stealing ten silver table-spoons, value 30 s. 9 silver tea-spoons, one silver strainer, one pair of silver tea-tongs, three stone rings set in gold, eleven silver buttons, eight linen shirts, three linen neckloths, and one pair of worsted hose, the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Gwinn 
                        



                      
                  : two linen shirts, value 5 s. five cotton handkerchiefs, value 5 s. one silk cardinal, value 15 s. two pair of cotton stockings, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        Ninial 
                        Nicholls 
                     



                   , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        David 
                        Gwinn 
                     



; and the other for 


               receiving part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , June 20

. ||


                  Susannah 
                  Nicholls 
               



            . My husband's name is Ninial Nicholls; on the 20th of last month, the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name) were taken out of our house, it is my brother 
               
                  David 
                  Gwinn 
               



            's house; my husband and he are mariners

, they are now at sea; I keep my brother's house; I had seen the things the night before; I went to bed between ten and eleven, and when I got up, about half an hour after four in the morning, they were gone, and I found the back door open: the man at the bar lodged in the house about two months; he came in about half an hour after eleven, my sister-in-law let him in. I believe he did not go to bed, but lay cross the bed; he was missing in the morning.
Q. What is he?
S. Nicholls. He is a stocking-weaver; we have found some of the things again.


                  Margaret 
                  Costan 
               



            . The two prisoners came to my house as man and wife, between eleven and twelve, on Friday night, a week ago last Friday; they said they were going out of town the next day: the woman sent me out to pawn a table-spoon for her, for 7 s and a shirt and a shist; I carried and pawned them to Mr Steel.


                  Henry 
                  Steel 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Costan 
               



             brought the three things she has mentioned, and pawned them with me; after that I had three tea spoons brought and eleven Bristol stone waistcoat buttons set in silver, brought by another person: (six table-spoons, nine tea spoons, and a pair of tea-tongs, produced in court, and deposed to.)
Steel. (Takes up a table spoon marked E. G) The table-spoon that I took in was marked as this is.


                  Abraham 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            . I am a publican. The woman at the bar left two table-spoons in my care.
Q. Where do you live?
Wilkinson. I live in Stretton's-ground, Westminster; she left also half a dozen tea-spoons, a pair of tea-tongs, and a gold ring. I was to keep them till the next morning, for her to call for them; the two prisoners were taken in my house, and I delivered the things to Justice Manley.


                  James 
                  Brown 
               



            . I had intelligence the two prisoners were at Mr. Wilkinson's house; I went there about eleven at night and secured them; Mrs. Wilkinson delivered the things which the prisoners had left in her care to Justice Manley, who was there with me: then I had a search-warrant, and went to Mr. Steel's house; he delivered three tea-spoons to me, which I brought to Justice Manley.
S. Nicholls. Three of the tea-spoons are marked T. M. C.
Steel. There were three marked so.

S. Nicholls. Six of them are my property, the other three are the property of my brother.


                  Mary 
                  Tucker 
               



            . I take in pawns, and keep a chandler's shop; the prisoner Ayres, left a ring with me, for a debt which she owed me, which I delivered up when they came for it, and she pawned a handkerchief to me.
S. Nicholls. I was present when Mrs. Tucker delivered up the ring and handkerchief; this was before the prisoners were taken. (Three gold rings and a handkerchief produced and deposed to.)
S. Nicholls. I was present when the prisoner Taylor pulled off a shirt and a pair of stockings in the Gatehouse, and Ayres had a shift of mine on at the same time; the shirt was marked D. G. on the hip, my brother's property; they carried six large table-spoons into the Gatehouse, four of which we found, but cannot get intelligence of the others.
Taylor's defence.
I lodged in the house of the prosecutor some time, and used to go out every morning about four or five to my work; I worked in Castle-street, by Shoreditch-church; I went out that morning, and found the things bundled up in the garden; I took them up, and did not know what they were. I called upon this woman, and told her what I had got, and she gave the things to people that she was acquainted with to pawn. We knew one another when we were children, and were intending to go home together.
Ayres's defence.
I never was in the gentlewoman's house in my life, neither did I ever see her in my life, till I was in goal; this man (meaning Taylor) gave me the things to pawn for him.
For the prisoners.


                  Sarah 
                  Odenand 
               



            . The man at the bar was at my house, and he went to a public house where the prisoner Ayres was, and had some beer, and staid half an hour together; this was the afternoon before the robbery was committed; whatpassed between them I cannot say; he went away about half an hour after ten o'clock, and she came home a little before eleven, and went to bed in my house; she lodged at my house; and about half an hour after five in the morning he came and called her up, and took her out with him: I never saw her afterwards till I saw here in trouble.
Q. Is she a married woman?
Odenand. No, she is not.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Miles 
               



            . I lay in the same room; I heard the prisoner Taylor ask Ayres to get up; I believe it was between five and six o'clock in the morning; I got up, and went and drank along with them; I saw him give her a ring, a pair of cotton stockings, and a shist; she enquired which way he came by them; he said, he bought them at a shop the night before.


                  Mary 
                  Osley 
               



            . I lay in the same room with her that night.
Q. Is it a lodging house?
M. Osley. It is only for women; he called her up, and gave her a stone ring, a pair of cotton stockings, and a shist; and he laid a black silk cardinal down on the feet of the bed; she had another ring on, and she threw that out at the window and put the other on.
Q. What time was this?
M. Osley. To the best of my knowledge it was about five o'clock. She asked him how he came by them; he said he bought them. I got up, and went and drank along with them.
Q. to S. Nicholls. Did you find the cardinal?
S. Nicholls. That was produced at the Justice's, but I have not got it here.
Taylor 


               guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
Ayres 

               guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
