





160. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six pewter pots, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Flood 
                  




                
            , Feb. 20
. +


                  Margaret 
                  Flood 
               



            . My husband's name is John: We keep the Castle and Falcon in Holborn




. The prisoner and a woman came in and called for a pint of beer; they drank it and called for another; when we lighted up candles he moved from the window near the fire, and called for a pint of hot; then came in a young man, and called the prisoner Mr. Brown, and asked him how he did; then he moved from the fire, and came and sat in a seat overagainst the fire for a little time; then he came and sat against the middle seat where the pots lay; I was then called away; when I returned, the child told me he was putting pots into his pocket; he was then writing with a piece of chalk upon the table; I said, What is become of the pots that were here? I touched his coat and felt something heavy in it; I said, You villain, you've robbed me; we searched, and took two quart pots and a penny pot out of one pocket, and two quart pots and a penny pot out of the other; (produced in court) Here are our names upon them: They were taken from among more, that were some lying on the table, and some on a shelf by them.
Q. Was it possible that his pockets could contain two quarts and a penny pot each?
M. Flood. My Lord, his coat was almost all pocket.
Prisoner's Defence.
I don't know how they came into my pocket; I believe they were put in by the company that were there; I was very much in liquor.
M. Flood. There was nobody sitting in that seat but himself.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
