






182, 183. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Collop 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Gordon 
                     







            , were indicted, the first for 


               stealing fifty yards of cotton, value 50 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Calwin 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Foster 
                  



               
            ; and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , Jan. 20

. ||


                  Joseph 
                  Hulme 
               



            . I did live with Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Stapler 
               



            , a linen-draper in Watling-street; I delivered 36 pieces of cotton to a printer's man on the 20th of January, to be carried to be printed; each piece contains about twenty-eight yards; the man with the cart is named 
               
                  Robert 
                  Bulpink 
               



            , he is a Quaker, and will not be sworn.


                  George 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I am town-clerk to Mess. Calwin and Foster, callico-printers

; I was going collecting the duty for the excise, and sent the cart to take up these goods in Watling-street; my son went with Bulpink; they told me there were 36 pieces of cotton; we did not count them till Mr. Brebrook came and brought a piece, then we missed two.


                  John
               


             M'Namara. I am going into my fourteenth year of age; I have been acquainted with the boy at the bar two or three months; I used to go about the streets with a jack-ass selling greens and things, and sometimes help my father, he is a cooper at Mr. Clempson's brewhouse; one Saturday the prisoner, I, and 
               
                  William 
                  Clark 
               



            , Clark is not taken, he jumped up into a cart (which had three horses to it in Whitechapel) and handed out two pieces of cotton to me, and I handed one to Collop; we went to Saltpetre-bank with them to the prisoner Gordon's house; she cut the marks out of one piece, I think they were figures, they were black; she cut one piece in halves, and pawned one of the pieces for 7 s. and put the other in her box; one piece we gave to a lame man to sell, he was to sell it for a guinea; he carried it to Mr. Brebrook, who came and took me; we told Gordon we got it in Whitechapel; if I had not been taken, I and the prisoner Collop should have laid at Gordon's house that night; (the cotton produced in court.)
Hulme. I believe these to be the same cottons.
Q. Whose property do you look upon them to be?
Hulme. After we deliver them, they cease to be our property till they bring them back again; the printer is accountable if they are lost.
Q. How many horses were in the cart?
Hulme. I think it was a broad-wheel cart with three horses.


                  James 
                  Brebrook 
               



            . On the 23d of January, being Saturday in the evening, one 
               
                  Robert 
                  Martin 
               



            , a lame fellow, (he is very lame, and cannot attend) came to me with this whole piece of cotton, and told me there was M'
               
                  Namara
               


             the prisoner, and another, had gave him this piece to sell; I and two others went, as he directed, to Saltpetre-bank: I took M'Namara, he told me that Collop and Clark were some where on the Bank; he told me they got the cotton out of a cart in Whitechapel; I went on the Monday to Gordon's house, and in searching for the other piece I found this parcel of tea on her dresser (about two pounds of tea produced,) it being directed for 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Kent 
               



             at Bow: then I imagined they got this cloth from some of the callico-printers there; I said to Mrs. Gordon, you had better tell where the other piece is, and get yourself out of trouble; what she said to 
               
                  Jenny 
                  Stevens 
               



            , her maid, I do not know, but she sent her out, and she came back with two short pieces; there wants about thirteen yards still; I took the pieces, her and her maid, the next morning, before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; I believe the boy at the bar was taken on London-bridge, on suspicion of picking pockets; he is 15 or 16 years of age; had he been admitted an evidence, he could have made a greater discovery.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Holland 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Morrison, a pawnbroker in East Smithfield; on the 23d of January, Mrs. Gordon's servant, named 
               
                  Jane 
                  Stevens 
               



            , brought seven or eight yards of cotton to pawn, I think it was one of these pieces here; I said I did not chuse to take it in till Mrs. Gordon came, herself; she came and said it was her own, and she was going to have it printed; I then took it in: in about ten minutes after 
               
                  Jane 
                  Stevens 
               



             came for it, and said her mistress had a customer that would buy it, and she took it out.
Collop's defence.
I am thirteen years old from the 16th of December, my father is a barber in Fenchurch-street; I am charged wrongfully, I know nothing about it.
Gordon's defence.
One 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Etherly 
               



             told me she had as much cotton as would make her a gown; she said she wanted money, and did not care to have it made up till summer; she desired me to let my servant go and pawn it; I said she might go; she went to the pawnbrokers; they said they would not take it in till I came; I desired Etherly to go; she said it was very honestly come by, one Williams had given it her; she desired I would go; I said I was not afraid, as I know myself to be honest; it was delivered by my maid to Mr. Brebrook.
To her character.


                  Gilbert 
                  Gardener 
               



            . I live in Rosemary-lane, I have known Gordon above four years.
Q. What is her character?
Gardener. I do not know her character; as to the way of her getting her living I am a stranger to that.


                  Patrick 
                  Farran 
               



            . I live at Saltpetre-bank, I have known her seven or eight years.
Q. What is her general character?
Farran. I cannot tell what her character is.
Brebrook. I took Gordon in this man's necessary-house.


                  Sarah 
                  Allen 
               



            . I live in Mill-yard by Goodman's-fields; I have known her between nine and ten years, she has dealt with me, and paid me very honestly.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Watson 
               



            . I have known her about three years.
Q. What is her general character?
E. Watson. I never knew any thing of her character in my life.


                  Michael 
                  Connor 
               



            . I live in East-Smithfield, I have known her less than twelve months.

Q. Has she a good character or a bad one?
Connor. I know nothing of her, but that of a very good one.
Collop 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Gordon 

               Guilty
            . 


               T. 14
            .
