





151. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Flintham 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two yards of rattinet, value 4 s. one yard of cloth, value 15 s. five yards of shalloon, value 6 s. and four yards of canvas, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Jewell 
                  




                
            , March 15
.


                  Joseph 
                  Jewell 
               



            . I am a taylor
. On the 15th of March my foreman told me he saw the prisoner selling something black to Mrs. Bagurs.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Jewell. She was my servant
. Then I ordered him to go there, to know of her what she had bought of the prisoner. She said she had bought two yards of black shalloon. Then I went there myself, and she produced the shalloon, and said she gave 14 d. a yard for it. (Produced in court.) I brought it home, and compared it with a piece of rattinet, and found it tallied exactly. I did not know at first that it was rattinet, but asked for shalloon. I found four yards of canvas upon the prisoner, also my property. I took her before the justice, where she own'd the taking the rattinet and the canvas, that is, she and Buckland the accomplice together.


                  Samuel 
                  Buckland 
               



            . One night when my master was out she brought a key to me, and we went upstairs and opened the cutting room door, where we got another key, which opened another place Then we went down stairs, opened a door, and took two yards of rattinet, and four yards of canvas at the same time.
Q. What did you do with them?
Buckland. She had them, and gave me three shillings, and bid me never say any thing about it.
Prisoner's Defence. 
The boy gave them to me to sell.
Q. to Buckland. Did she take them, or did you give them to her?
Buckland. I did not give them to her; she took them indeed.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


