








477, 478, 479, 480. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Donnoly 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Webb 
                  



                
             were indicted, 


               together with 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hull 
                     



                   not taken, for stealing five pair of cotton and worsted stockings, value 15 s. nine pair of worsted stockings, value 9 s. a worsted piece for breeches and waistcoats, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Day 
                  



                
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Taylor 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Powell 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving two pair of worsted stockings, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , October 17

. ++


                  John 
                  Day 
               



            . I live in Chandler-street



. On Friday the 17th of this instant, I just went out to a neighbour's house, and another neighbour came and told me there were some people about my house, they thought on no good design; before I got out, they had broke my shop and taken the goods; I had shut my door and locked it, and was absent about five minutes.
Q. How was your shop broke?
Day. They had broke a square of glass in the window, which looks to the counter; I had left my candle burning just opposite the glass which was broke; I missed five pair of fine cotton and worsted stockings, and nine pair of worsted, and a five yard worsted piece; they were lying within a quarter of a yard of the pane that was broken; we went in pursuit of the men that had been seen at the window; my neighbour said he should know one of them from five hundred, but could not meet with them. I got bills and delivered them to the pawnbrokers; I found one pair of stockings pledged in Catharine-street, at Mr. Styles's; he said he knew the woman that pledged them very well: she was soon taken; she said she had them of Donnoly. I have since seen two pair more in the custody of Mr. Cawdey, which he stopped: I was sent for to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             on Monday morning, and in the evening there were all the prisoners brought before him, except Donnoly; there was 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Barlow 
               



             shewed me a pair of stockings; I got all my stockings again within about four or five pair.


                  John 
                  Cawdey 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Berwick street; the two women at the bar came to my shop on Saturday about ten in the morning, with these two pair of stockings to pledge; (produced in court) I asked them if they were their own; they said they bought them at the Black-horse door; I said, a public-house is not a hosier's shop; they said they sold oysters there; I asked what they gave for them; they said they did not know; then Webb came in; he said they were his stockings, and said he was husband to one of them; I asked him where he bought them; he said he bought them in Bond-street of such a person; I asked what he gave for them; he said 7 s. he said he could fetch a man to give him a character, and that he rented a room of 9 l. a year: I said, fetch him; he went, but nobody came. On the Monday morning I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and gave him an account of the stockings; then we went and took the two women and Webb; (the stockings produced.)
Prosecutor. I am a stocking maker, and from circumstances in the workmanship I can swear to one of the pairs, and the other I believe to be mine.


                  Thomas 
                  Hutchens 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Styles, a pawnbroker in Castle-street; I took this pair of stockings in of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Stevens 
               



            ; she told me that 
               
                  John 
                  Donnoly 
               



             was her husband; (produced in court and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Edward 
                  Wingate 
               



            . I was coming home last Monday evening, betwixt six and seven; turning the corner of Wyld street, I saw Donnoly and another man halting together; I heard Donnoly say, D - n my eyes, nobody there; they then were standing betwixt the Bell and Dragan alehouse and the shop, Mr. Dv's shop is directly cross the way they seemed very busy; this gave me a suspicion they were upon some thing they should not; I crossed the way and stood at my door to make observations, that is about 50 or 60 yards higher, near the King's Bagnio; they went up the street; a neighbour said he thought they were upon no good began; then they went down, and crossed the way to the prosecutor's shop, they stood and turned their backs to the window; I walked towards them, then they walked away four or five yards; then I withdrew; then Donnoly came up to the window again, and turned his back to it again; then my neighbour said, let us go round and come up the alley, and we shall come upon them; we did, and then we saw them in the dark of Wyld-street, we could not tell whether they had done any thing; then they went away; then Donnoly came up again, and slapped his hat and crossed the way, and went up to the window, but we did not see him take any thing; he went away, and we saw no more of them.


                  Sarah 
                  Barlow 
               



            . I live in Oxford Road. Webb was a lodger at my house before I took it, and he remained in the house after; he paid his rent very well, but used to keep but very indifferent hours: I mistrusted he was a bad man, he used to come in at one, two, or three o'clock in the morning, and sometimes later; he never did any work; I gave him warning three or four times to go out, and told him I would forgive him a quarter's rent; he bid me defiance, and said he would stay as long as he pleased; the two girls at the bar are like servants to him; I have a little lame boy that goes a begging, he told me there were some stockings under his daddy's bed; I went up and found two pair; I carried them before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; I know the girls to be hard working poor girls; (the stockings produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.) 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Powell 
               



             told me there were two pair of stockings stopped at a pawnbroker's at the Hoop and Magpie.


                  Mary 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I sing ballads. Donnoly came to me while I was singing last Friday night, between 6 and 7 o'clock, in Cranbourn-alley, he asked me how Kitty did.
Q. Who is Kitty?
M Stevens. She used to sing with me; he said he was short of money, and desired me to be kind enough to go and pawn a pair of stockings for him; I took and pawned them for 1 s. 9 d. at Mr. Styles's, and brought the money and duplicate to him.
Q. How came you to say he was your husband?
M Stevens. I did not think there was any harm in that, I knew him before by his being acquainted with Kitty.
Donnoly's defence.
I bought the stockings of a woman in Covent-garden for 3 s. 6 d. coming through Cranbourn-alley, I asked that woman to pawn them for me; I had but half a crown of my own, and I borrowed a shilling of a soldier to pay for them; she pawned them for me, and brought me the money, and I gave her some gin; 
               
                  John 
                  Pearson 
               



             was by, and 
               
                  William 
                  Wadsley 
               



             lent me the shilling when I bought them.
For Donnoly.
The witness were examined apart.


                  John 
                  Pearson 
               



            . I sell fish and oysters. Last Friday night between seven and eight, I was going through Covent-garden, I saw the prisoner taking stockings of a woman; he had but half a crown, and that all of a piece.
Q. Whereabouts was this in Covent-garden?
Pearson. This was under the piazzas.
Q. On which side?
Pearson. On the right hand side near the playhouse door.
Q. How near?
Pearson. Within two doors of the play-house gate.
Q. How long have you known Donnoly?
Pearson. I have known him in St. George's Hospital; I was there for a sore leg, and I left him there when I came away.
Q. How long is this ago?
Pearson. He was there about three weeks before I came out, and I came out seven weeks ago today.
Q. Did he buy the stockings?
Pearson. The woman asked him 3 s. 6 d. for them. A man was going by, he happened to know him; he asked him to lend him a shilling, which he did; he bought and paid for them, and I gave him a pot of beer at the corner house, as we came out from under the piazzas to Russel-street.
Q. What became of the man that he borrowed the shilling of?

Pearson. The soldier left him as soon as he lent him the shilling.
Q. What coloured stockings were they?
Pearson. They were lightish coloured stockings.
Q. What makes you so particular as to the time?
Pearson. Because at that time I was up there with my oysters.


                  William 
                  Wadsley 
               



             I am a soldier in the first regiment; I have known Donnoly/ 15 months; I lent him a shilling on Friday or Saturday night to bay a pair of stockings.
Q. Where was this?
Wadsley. This was under the piazzas in Covent-garden.
Q. Whereabouts under the piazzas?
Wadsley. It was just at the bottom of James-street, on the same side the play house is on, at a bagnio door.
Q. What person did he buy them of?
Wadsley. He bought them of a woman, she took them out of a bundle.
Q. How came you to be there?
Wadsley. I met him by chance.
Q. What did he give for the stockings?
Wadsley. He gave 3 s. 6 d. for them, he paid her a half crown, and the shilling I lent him.
Q. What time was this?
Wadsley. This was about eight o'clock, within a quarter of an hour over or under.
Q. What colour were they?
Wadsley. They were whitish.
Q. Did you drink with him afterwards?
Wadsley/. No, I did not.
Q. Was he alone?
Wadsley. There was another man along with him, but I did not know him.
Q. How long have you known the prisoner?
Wadsley. I have known him about 15 months; he used to work at the new buildings.
Q. How has he been employed lately?
Wadsley. I do not know.
Q. to prisoner. Can you give the jury a reason why you pawned them so soon after you bought them?
Prisoner. I had no money, and I did not know what to do; I thought they were cheap or I had not bought them.
Webb's defence.
I was drunk, and I bought some stockings of a young man last Saturday morning; I gave 16 s. for fourteen pair; I had but 2 s. left, and I owed my landlady some money, and I pawned them to raise my rent.
Taylor's defence.
Webb is my master; he said he had broke into a little of his landlady's rent, and he sent me to pawn these stockings; we went to the gentleman; he said, how came you by them; Webb said he bought them of a pedlar; Powell said they were bought where we sell oyners, by the Black Horse; then the gentleman said, bring the man to give you a character and I'll buy them.
Powell's defence.
Webb called for some purl; we drank it; he bid us both come home; he said he had broke into his rent, and desired us to pawn the stockings to make up his rent, and the stockings were stopped; when he went in at the pawnbroker's, we went out; I pawned one pair at Mr. Bland's for 1 s. and gave him the money.
Taylor. Webb pawned two pair at one place in a strange name, and a young body pawned two or three pair for him; he said he had bought 14 pair for 16 s. of a pedlar.
For Webb.


                  Thomas 
                  Webb 
               



            . The prisoner Webb is my son; I never knew him to wrong any body in my life; as to this affair I know nothing of it.
Q. Do you know whether he and Donnoly are acquainted?
Webb. I do not know that they are.
Prosecutor. Donnoly asked Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             if he would take his oath to admit him an evidence, but Sir John would not; then he said to Sir John, he should get no more out of him.
Hutchens. At first Webb would not own he gave these women these stockings to pawn, but when he came before Sir John he owned it.
Donnoly and Webb, 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
Taylor and Powell 

               acquitted
            .
Donnoly was tried for a burglary, and cast for transportation, No 183, in this Mayoralty, after which he received his Majesty's most gracious pardon.
