





285. (M.) 
               
                  Lampley 
                  Noel 
               



            , was indicted for 


               stealing half a pound of green tea, value 4 s. 10 guineas and one half guinea, and 10 shillings and 9 halfpence in money, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Moses 
                           Barwick 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Moses
            , Sept. 10
. ++
Moses Barwick. I keep a publick house
, the prisoner was my servant very near a year and half; he has robb'd me of money, but it is impossible for me to know what he has taken; I have miss'd money many a time out of a cupboard, where I us'd to put it, and I laid a shilling in halfpence to see who took it; I miss'd nine pence out of it; then I challeng'd him with it, and he acknowledg'd he took it; he acknowledg'd also he had robbed me of upwards of 5 l. which he had spent, and I have some green tea in my pocket which he acknowledg'd he took.
Q. How did he say he took it?
Barwick. He said he took it by about a tea cup full at a time.
Q. Where did you find that?
Barwick. In his box; he own'd he had robbed me of a great deal of liquor, which he had carry'd out of the house; on searching him, we found 10 guineas in gold, and a half, ten shillings and four pence halfpenny in his pocket; he confess'd he had taken it out of my cupboard in halfpence at divers times, and chang'd them into silver, and then into gold, and that it was my property.
Q. Did you ever keep gold in that cupboard?
Barwick. I have had many a guinea in it; sometimes when I have chang'd money, but I never us'd to let them lie long there; and I never miss'd no gold from out of that cupboard, I us'd always to put halfpence in that cupboard. and have miss'd a crown's worth at a time. I took him before justice Wright, there he confess'd he took it from me in halfpence, and that it was my property; this was in my hearing.
Q. Did he confess to the taking the tea?
Barwick. He did.
Hen. Pain. I live in Broad-street near the prosecutor; I was with the prisoner before the justice, and heard him confess he had stole all that money from time to time from out of a dish in his master's cupboard.
Q. to prosecutor. Where is that cupboard where you put your halfpence?
Prosecutor. It is in my bar.
Q. What do you value the tea at?
Prosecutor. I value it at 4 s.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


