





9. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robinson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Newport 
                  




               
            , November 13.
 *


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . I went into Guildhall


, the first day of drawing the lottery, about one o'clock, where I saw the prisoner and a companion of his together. His companion left him. I keeping my eye upon him, saw him follow a country young man, the prosecutor, but who is not here: his name is Newport. While I was looking at him, the other witness that is here, 
               
                  John 
                  Gale 
               



            , said, That is a pick-pocket. I said, I saw his hand in several pocket, but do not know whether he has got any thing yet. Presently I saw him put his hand into a pocket, and after that he stooped down. I put my hand upon the man's shoulder, and said, I believe you are robbed. The prisoner seemed to be putting something between his waistcoat and shirt. The young man said he had lost his handkerchief. I pulled the handkerchief out from under the prisoner's waistcoat. Mr. Newport appeared before the alderman, and swore to the handkerchief, but has not appeared since, so we have found the bill at our own expence. (The handkerchief produced in court.) The prisoner said before the alderman it was his first offence, and hoped we would pardon him.


                  John 
                  Gale 
               



             confirmed the evidence given by Pain, and almost in the same words.
The prisoner in his defence said he picked it up from off the ground.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
