





525.(M.) 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Robinson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one looking-glass with a mahogany frame, value 2 s. three pair of woollen blankets, value 20 s. one yard of bays, value 1 s. and a cloth jacket, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Sharp 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Alexander
            , July 15
. *


                  Alexander 
                  Sharp 
               



            . I live in Upper Well-alley, in the parish of St. John's, Wapping


. The prisoner came to my house, on the 13th of July, recommended by a publican for a bed for a night; he came at ten at night: I let him a bed, and he lay in it two nights; the third night, I lighted him to bed, and pulled the door to after me; he took the key withinside, and locked himself in. The next morning, I found he had torn the sheets to pieces, to make a rope to let himself down from the window; they were on the outside: I went and broke open the door, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment: the sash at which he got out, was left open, which was before fastened down within side: he was taken at Newington-butts the last of August. I found none of my things again but the jacket, which he had on his back: the justice ordered it to be taken off when he went to goal. He would confess nothing: (the jacket produced): I have wore it many a hundred leagues at sea.
Mary, his wife, confirm'd the account he had given.


                  Edward 
                  Butler 
               



            . I remember the prisoner being at Mr Sharp's, the Friday, Saturday, and Sunday night; he and the things mentioned were missing. On the Monday after that, I saw him at Rotherhithe with the jacket on; I knowing it, followed him to the Elephant and Castle, at Newington-butts, where I took him.


                  John 
                  Ransom 
               



            . On the last of August, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Butler 
               



             came to my house, and said, he had dodg'd the prisoner from Dock-head to Newington, and he was sitting on a bench, at the Elephant and Castle; he desired I would go and assist in taking him. I went, and he was then gone towards the Dog and Duck: I went and stopped him: Butler asked him where he had that jacket? he said, he bought it for half a crown. Butler said, it was his landlord's: we brought him back to the Elephant and Castle: Mr. Sharp came there, and owned it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I bought the jacket in Ratcliff highway, of a waterman: I have advertised that waterman several times, and can get no account of him.




               Guilty, 30 s
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him for a single felony.
