





431. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Clements 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a copper pot, value 10 s. a copper saucepan, value 3 s. a copper tea-kettle, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Sharpe 
                  




                
            , August 18
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Sharpe 
               



            . I lived in old Bridewell


 before the house was burnt. On the 18th of last month I had the misfortune to be burnt out. On the Sunday morning a person came and told me they had taken a man up with some things, that they apprehended he had stole from the fire, and I was desired to attend at St. Margaret's hill. I could not go myself, so I sent my servant, who I thought was better acquainted with these sort of goods than I was, she being my cook. She went, and when she returned, she said they were my property. After that I was sent for to my Lord Mayor, and was bound over to prosecute.


                  George 
                  Lobb 
               



            . I was constable of the night. About twelve at night, on the 18th of last month, a man came to me at the watch-house, and said a man had got some things, offering them for sale at the Bridge-foot, and he apprehended they were stolen. At that time there was a fire at Bridewell precinct. I went and met the prisoner; they had stopped him in Tooley-street. There were a copper pottage-pot, and a copper saucepan, but the tea-kettle was not there. I found that the next day. I examined him in the watch-house; he was quite different in his story. I put him in the Borough Counter, and the next day he was examined at St. Margaret's hill. After this Mr. Sharpe's cook came, and claimed them to be her master's property.


                  William 
                  Leek 
               



            . I saw the prisoner offering the things to sale, on the Friday night that the fire was, about eleven o'clock. I suspected he had stole them. I followed him down Tooley-street, He would have made away from me; and he turned up a court that goes to the King's-head tavern, but the door was shut; then he went farther down Tooley-street. I followed, and charged the constable with him.


                  William 
                  Hall 
               



            . I am a watchman. As I was going my rounds in Tooley-street, I saw this man offer a copper pottage-pot to sell for 9 s. While I was going my rounds he set off, and the last witness followed him.


                  Sarah 
                  Metcalf 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sharpe. (The goods produced in court.) I know these to be my master's property. I know them by my daily using them. I was sent for, and saw them at a tin shop over the water.
Constable. I keep a tin shop. I left them at a tin shop by St. Margaret's hill, because I would not have the trouble to carry them down to my house.
S. Metcalf. We had not above a quarter of an hour to get our goods out. We do not know who we delivered them to.
Prisoner's Defence.
As I was going along from Newgate-street into Cheapside, I bought these things of a man in the street. I was going to carry them home to Greenwich the same night. I am a journeyman turner
, and work on Snowhill; but my wife and family live at Greenwich. I never was nearer the fire than the top of Snowhill. My master would give me a character if he was here.
Lobb. We met his master going with the prisoner to the Mansion-house; he said he would not stir a step to save him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
