





29. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Puttyford 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Twyford 
                        




                      
                  , and stealing one cheese, value 3 s. half a bushel of flour, value 2 s. one loaf of bread, value 4 d. and one pair of stockings, value 1 s. the property of the said John, in his dwelling-house
            , Dec. 5
. +


                  John 
                  Twyford 
               



            . I live in the parish of Kingsborough, near Edgware


. I hired the prisoner to live with me for a year. He staid with me about six or seven weeks, and went away on the second of December instant. Last Sunday morning, when my maid got up, she found a casement open, which I knew was shut when I went to bed. I missed about a bushel of flour out of a sack in the kitchen, two cheeses, a loaf of bread, and a pair of stockings from off a line.
Q. Are you sure your house was made fast over night?
Twyford. It was; I bolted the door with two bolts between nine and ten o'clock. A neighbour of mine had lost an empty sack on the Saturday, and he was inquiring about; and at last the prisoner was found in a barn, about a mile and a half from my house. There I went and found about half a bushel of flour, a loaf of bread, and a cheese, and my stockings on the prisoner's legs. I knew the stockings to be my property by a hole at the heel, and the bread of our own baking. He owned before the justice that he took these things for want of victuals.



                  Robert 
                  Larking 
               



            . I saw the prisoner in the barn with these things, and was before the justice when he was examined; he then owned the things were Twyford's property.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.




               Guilty of Felony only
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


