





209. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Price 
                  , otherwise 
Thrift, otherwise 
Church




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pritchard 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            . March 15
. ||


                  William 
                  Pritchard 
               



            . On the 15th of March I was in Russel-street, Covent-garden


; I knocked at Murphey's door between the hours of twelve and two in the morning; the prisoner came up to me, and said they will not let you in; then said I, I must go somewhere else; I was going to turn away, he struck me in the belly, and snatched away my watch; I said, you villain, you have got my watch; he said, who me, Sir; he held his hand behind him, to give it to two of his companions; he ran away, I pursued and overtook him, and pushed him down. I asked him for my watch; he said he had not got it. I charged the constable with him, and we were both put in the watch-house all night; after that a watchman brought in the watch with the glass broke; I paid him for finding it; he still denied that he ever had it; his hand was cut, and he said I cut it, but we found a knife in his pocket bloody.
Q. Are you sure he took the watch, or did you drop it in running?
Pritchard. I saw it as he took it from me.
John - I was constable of the night;
Mr. Pritchard brought the prisoner to the watch-house, and accused him with stealing his watch; I searched him, but could find no watch; I found a knife bloody in his pocket; I took the charge, and put him down in the hole, and the prosecutor had a bed; a little after a watchman, who is a very honest fellow, came in, and said he had searched about for the watch, and had found it lying up against a door; he produced it, the glass was broke; when Mr. Pritchard came down in the morning, I asked him the particulars of the watch; he told me the maker's name, seal, chain, and every particular; the prisoner told me his name was Church, but before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             the next morning he said it was Price.
Q. Was the prosecutor drunk or sober when he came first with the prisoner?
Constabie. He was far from being drunk, he might be a little chearful; he never varied from the account he first gave, the same he has mentioned here.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing at all of the watch, the gentleman has accused me wrongfully.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
