





143. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Jenings 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four fowls. val. 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Read 
                  




                
            , March 30
 ++


                  Richard 
                  Read 
               



             deposed, he was a Poulterer
, and lives in St. James's market


. That he went for a pennyworth of beer, and returned to his shop again in about six minutes, when he missed six fowls, and in about half an hour after the prisoner was brought to him, and four of the six fowls; that he knew them to be his property, two of them having been gnawed by mice.


                  George 
                  Benson 
               



             deposed, be saw the prisoner go into the prosecutor's shop, when he was gone to the alehouse, and take out some dead fowls, that he went and told the prosecutor of it.


                  Nicholas 
                  Martin 
               



             deposed, he saw the prisoner go by the shop where he was with four dead fowls, he suspected he had stole them, he followed him, the prisoner ran, but upon observing he followed him, he laid the fowls down upon an empty cask in the street; he went and stopped him, and asked him why be did not take his fowls with him? the prisoner said he would have nothing to do with them; he asked how he came by them? he answered he bought them. That then he brought him and the fowls back to the prosecutor's shop, that coming along he much desired he might be let to go.
The prisoner, in his defence, said, a friend of his desired him to carry them for him to the Fox in Brewer-street.
He called 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Barton 
               



            , who lives in Cross-street, Hatton-Garden, who had known him two years, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
