





142. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Lawrence 
                     Comings 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing eleven silk handkerchiefs, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Johnson 
                  




                
            , widow
, January 9
. *


                  Margaret 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I keep a linen-draper's shop
 in Russel-court


. On the 9th of January, between three and six in the afternoon, I turned round to take a piece of cloth, and a little girl told me a man had taken some handkerchiefs; she ran and called, Stop thief, and the prisoner was brought back and the piece of handkerchiefs; there were eleven of them that just before had been lying, so that they might be taken on the outside the shop.


                  John 
                  May 
               



            . A little girl came running by me, crying, Stop thief; I seeing the prisoner run, I ran and took hold of him by the shoulder; he dropt the piece of handkerchief in the dirt. (produced in court and deposed to) I brought him back to the prosecutrix: I believe he was not got above fifty yards from her shop: He had got the piece, so that I did not see it till he dropt it.


                  Mary 
                  Nichols 
               



            . I was taking in the things at the next window to the prosecutrix, and saw the prisoner as he came by take this piece of handkerchiefs out of the side of the window: I called, Stop thief, and the last witness ran and catched him, and brought him and the handkerchiefs back.
Prisoner's Defence.
That morning I came from Hammersmith; my mother gave me six shillings to buy a pair of shoes, and a shilling to bear my expences. I stopt with some friends at Kensington and drank; and in London I met more company, and spent best part of the money, and was so much in liquor I did not know what I did, nor where I was. I know no more of taking the things than the child unborn.
To his Character.


                  John 
                  Merriday 
               



            . I have known the prisoner three years and better; he served his mother; she is a baker: I never heard any ill of him in my life.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
