






104. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three ounces of silk, value 2 s. one linen shirt, value 4 s. three yards of cotton, value 3 s. one yard of lace, value 2 s. three quarters of a yard of linen cloth, value 1 s. and three yards of blond lace, value 4 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Simon 
                     Mackensie 
                  




                
            , Jan. 23
. ++


                  Simon 
                  Mackensie 
               



            . I lost the goods laid in the indictment, mentioning them by name.
Q. Where do you live?
Mackensie. I live in Broad Street.
Q. When did you lose these things?
Mackensie. In the month of January. They were missing when the prisoner was our servant
; but when she was gone away we had information of her having some of my things. I went and got a warrant, searched her lodgings, and found the goods mentioned.
Q. What are you?
Mackensie. I am a haberdasher
. I charged the prisoner with having taken the things from me, and she confessed she did.
Q. Did she say from what part of your house she had taken them?
Mackensie. She said she had taken them from out of a box in the two pair of stairs room. We took her before justice Fielding, and he committed her. The constable has got the goods, but he is not here.
Q. What is his name?
Mackensie. His name is 
               
                  Michael 
                  Saunders 
               



            .


                  Mary 
                  Riley 
               



            . I live in Market Street, St. James's Market. I had recommended the prisoner to Mr. Mackensie, and found afterwards she was not worthy the character I had given her. She being in custody for some other offence, I went and informed the prosecutor, that if she had wrong'd him, he might know where to find her. He took out a search warrant, and got a constable. I went with them to her mother's house, where she lodged, and found the things in a box mentioned in the indictment.
Q. Do you know whose box it was?
M. Riley. The prisoner had the key of it in her pocket. She took up first one thing, then another, and said, this is your's, and this is your's, acknowledging them to be Mr. Mackensie's property.
Q. Was you before Mr. Fielding?
M. Riley. I was.
Q. What past there?
M. Riley. I do not recollect what past there.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you make the prisoner any promise of pardon, on condition of her confessing?
Prosecutor. No, I did not.


                  Michael 
                  Saunders 
               



             the constable was called upon his recognizance, but did not appear.
Prisoner's Defence.
A young woman, an acquaintance of mine, sat up with me to wash and iron, and I went to lodge with her in the same house, but not in the same room. She desired she might be paid for the box before it was broke open. If I had known of these things being there, I had time enough to have made away with them, as Mrs. Riley said she would be as great an enemy to me, as she had been a friend.



               Guilty
            .
[There was another indictment against her.]




[Transportation. See summary.]


