





29. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Henry
                      M'Neal
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two linen shirts, value 10 s. and one linen apron, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Bragg 
                        



                      
                  ; and one linen apron, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Ring 
                        



, widow
, Nov. 6
. *


                  Stephen 
                  Bragg 
               



            . I keep the Fleece at Edmonton


, a public house
. On the 6th of November, between 6 and 7 at night, the prisoner, his wife, and another woman, call'd at my house, and desired to stay all night: they said they were going with goods to Hertford fair: they had a horse: they supped, and went to bed betwixt 8 and 9: the maid was ironing: she carried up the linen into a one pair of stairs, after they were gone to bed: they laid in the room above: he made an excuse to come down again for a quart of water, about half an hour after he was gone to bed; he took the water up with him: about 10 o'clock I was call'd up by my wife and maid: they missed the things mentioned in the indictment, from the room they had been put in: I went up to the prisoner's room-door: it was locked: I insisted upon going in: after some time he opened the door: I began to search about, and told him I thought he had things that were not his own: he said he had not; we took up his coat, and in his pocket found the two aprons, one my wife's, the other her mother's: from underneath him we pulled out one of my shirts, from between the feather-bed and the bedstead. I seeing the window open, sent the ostler down to look under it; he went down, and brought up the other shirt, and said he found it under the window: I sent for a constable, and he took the prisoner in charge, and has had the things in his possession ever since (produced in court).
The prosecutor deposed to the shirts, and his servant, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Rud 
               



            , to the two aprons, as being the property of the prosecutor's wife and her mother.
The other woman was in another bed in the same room: his wife was in bed with him.


                  Sarah 
                  Rud 
               



             deposed to her carrying the linen up into the room below the prisoner; and leaving the door upon the latch, and missing it, and finding them again, as the prosecutor had related, and that she mistrusted it, by finding some water spilt in that room.
The prisoner in his defence said, The maid had put the aprons in his pocket out of spite, and done it all, because he huffed her for finding fault with his goods before he went to bed.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
