






92. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     West 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hussey 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing one duffil cloak, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Juckson 
                  




                
            , November 2
. *


                  William 
                  Juckson 
               



            . On the first of November, in the evening, I had two cloaks, and eleven yards of sattin, stole out of my shop, in the Cloysters , West-Smithfield


. I advertised them that same night; and Mr. Lane, a pawnbroker, in Purple-Lane, stopt the cloak next morning, and brought it to me, (produced in court): I cannot swear to it; but here is an evidence that can.
John Lane. On the second of November, about eleven in the morning, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Davis 
               



             brought this cloak to me to pawn; I having read the advertisement, stopt it: I knew her before.


                  Mary 
                  Davis 
               



            . The two prisoners desired me to go and pawn this cloak, and said they had found it: I went to Mr. Lane's, to pawn it, and he stopt it.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Waklin 
               



            . (She looks at the cloak) This is the property of Mr. Juckson: I had laid it in the window, where it had lain several days, before it was taken away.

West's Defence.
I was coming along with this yong man, (meaning Hussey) and I picked up this cardinal, in a handkerchief; we asked this young woman if she would sell it: she said she would pawn it, but could not sell it.
Hussey's Defence.
I had been of an errand for my father, and coming down Holbourn, saw this lie against a post; so we took it up, and got her to go and pawn it.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
