





580. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ephraim
                      M'Done
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three hundred pounds weight of sugar, value 4 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Holliday 
                        



                      
                  , in a lighter, on a navigable river, to wit, the river Thames; it was laid also for stealing sugars the property of 
                     
                        
                           Anthony 
                           Woodell 
                        



                      
                  ; and it was laid also for stealing sugars the property of persons unknown
            , Sept. 25
. +



                  Anthony 
                  Woodell 
               



            . I am master of a ship
 that lies at Wapping Old stairs


; we lost upwards of three hundred pounds weight of sugar, part of that cargo, from out of a lighter; the prisoner was put on board a lighter to watch her; he was found absent, and the lighter robbed; a hogshead was found open.


                  Anne 
                  Bowling 
               



            . On the 24th of October, about eleven at night, the prisoner came and knocked at my door; my husband opened the door, he came in, and called for a pint of beer; he asked me if I wanted any sugar; my husband told him to bring it, and he would get somebody to buy it (thinking to get the Custom-house officers to take it.)
Mr. Pitt. The prisoner was employed as a lumper on board the ship; he solicited the captain to let him look after the lighter, which was loaded with part of the ship's cargo; he was put on board her, and after that he left his charge; I desired him to go to his duty; I and my brother officers missed him from his charge; at twelve at night a brother officer and I went on the lighter, and found some sugar in a lighterman's frock; the sleeves were done together, so as to hold a great quantity; we took it into the ship, we found a shovel lying by, and a good deal of sugar spilt; about two o'clock the prisoner was secured by an officer; he said he had been for a pint of beer, we found nothing upon him, but his clothes had sugar upon them.


                  Thomas 
                  Ellison 
               



            . I am an officer, I was on board the same ship; I went on board the lighter, and found the prisoner had left his charge; there I found a frock with about fifty pounds weight of sugar in it (produced in court;) the frock belongs to a lighterman that was on board; the prisoner came all of a sweat, I took and tied his hands behind him, he got loose, and I catched him again, and put shackles on him; I believe there might be between three and four hundred weight of sugar taken out of a hogshead on the lighter.


                  John 
                  Wood 
               



            . I am a Custom-house officer; I was on board the next ship but one to this, it was very dark; between eleven and twelve o'clock the prisoner came over the vessel, and lighted a candle with me; I observed he was fresh with sugar over his hands and clothes; he went into his vessel, I thought he was about no good; presently I saw a boat go on shore, I heard him paddle backwards and forwards two or three times, I called to my brother officers; the prisoner was gone, when he came again he was secured.
Prisoner's defence.
I know no more of it than the child unborn.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
