





104. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Healey 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing two silver table spoons, value 10 s. a silver candlestick, value 2 s. five linen shirts, value 10 s. one crape gown, value 1 s. five table cloths, value 10 s. and three sheets, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Baildon 
                  




                
            , January 6
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Baildon 
               



            . I live in Roll's buildings


, and am an organist
. The prisoner was my servant
 two years and a half. I had given her warning to quit my service the 30th of this month, but she ran away on the 10th. From that time I suspected she had done something very bad, because she had left a quarter's wages in my hands. I sat up that night till 2 o'clock, expecting she would return; she did not. The next morning I looked over my things. I missed four silver spoons, a small silver candlestick, two pair of sheets, some napkins, a table cloth, a crape gown of my mother's, and five or six of my shirts, almost new. I had been particular with regard to my shirts, in taking an account of them but a little before. Upon this, I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             to have them advertised; this was on the Monday, and on the Wednesday after she was taken and carried before Sir John. We could not get all the pawnbrokers where she had carried the things that night, so Sir John committed her to the round-house till the next morning. The next morning we found all the things. She confessed the whole affair before Major 
               
                  Spinnage
               


            .


                  Abel 
                  Boyket 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. Here are some table cloths, a shirt, and a gown (produced in court.) These I took in of the prisoner at the bar, on the 6th of this instant January. She pledged them in her own name. I lent her 4 s. upon the table cloths, 3 s. 6 d. on the shirt, and 2 s. upon the gown.
Prosecutor. The table-cloths are marked with my and my wife's initial letters, of our names. The shirt I know to be my property also.
Samuel -. I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pledged a table cloth to me on the 6th of January. I lent her a shilling on it.
Q. In what name did she pledge it?
Pawnbroker. In her own name. She came several times with other things (produced in court.)


                  Thomas 
                  Cotterill 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner brought things at several times to me.
Q. What things did she bring?
Cotterill. She brought a shirt, a gown, and two silver spoons.
Q. What did you lend her upon them?
Cotterill. I lent her 2 s. upon the spoons; she said they were her own: she brought them the last day of November (produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence.
I had no intention of a defraud. My master required me to lay out my money for the support of his family, and I was unwilling to let him know my circumstances; and through this way I have involved myself, by changing one thing for another, carrying one thing to the pawnbroker's to fetch another out that was wanted. My wages was seven guineas a year. I desired my master to lend me six guineas to get them again, and I would serve him a year for it, and told him that a quarter's wages should lie in his hands for security till the whole was made up. My master was so kind as to advance this money for me at three different payments. I had first two guineas, and about a month after that I had two guineas more, and some time in November I had another guinea, and the last was 15 s. and I released the things that I had in pledge. After that I told my master, if he would do as other masters had done, to let me have a guinea every Saturday night, then I could go on.
Prosecutor. She always had the money before hand.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
