






172, 173. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Buller 
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cox 
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of stone knee-buckles set in silver, value 5 s. and one brass half pound weight
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Walsingham 
                  




               
            , Jan. 15
. ||


                  Joseph 
                  Walsingham 
               



            . I am a coach-maker
, and live in White's-alley, Little Moorfields; my wife keeps a chandler's shop
. On the 15th of January I was out; when I came home, my wife told me she had been robbed of the things mentioned, and described the boys at the bar. Buller was taken that night for another offence, the other was taken the next morning; I went to Buller and asked him about the things; he owned he took them, and that they had sold one buckle for a penny, and that Cox had the other in his hat; he denied the brass weight then.
Q. How old do you take Buller to be?

Walsingham. He told me he was fourteen years of age. We took him to Clerkenwell; he gave us an account where Cox lived; we called upon Cox's mother in Bunhill-row, and found him in a cock-lost; his mother told me he was but 11 years old; he owned to being with Buller in taking the buckles, but would not own to the weight; we found at last where that was sold, and the person that bought it is in court.
Margaret his wife deposed the two prisoners came to her shop for some beer; she imagined while she went to draw it, one of them had been in the parlour and took the things, she finding the print of a dirty shoe on the floor; she described the boys to her husband as he had mentioned.


                  James 
                  Hederly 
               



             a brass-founder, deposed, that Buller brought the weight to him, and told him his mother used to sell potatoes, but had left that business off, and having no occasion for the weight, sent him to sell it; that he gave him three-pence for it. (Produced in court.)


                  Isaac 
                  Gallier 
               



             a lad of fourteen years of age, deposed he bought a knee-buckle of Cox for a penny, and sold it again for 6 d. and did not know it was silver.
Prosecutor. I found the person that gave 6 d. for it, and the buckle is here; (produced and deposed to.)
Buller's defence.
My father has been passed to his settlement in Lancashire; I live with my mother, she is a mantua-maker.
Cox's defence.
I was but eleven years old the 14th of this month.
Buller 


               Guilty 10 d.
            . 


               T
            

Cox 

               Acq
            .
