





433. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     White 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing four guineas and one half guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Gifford 
                  




                
            , August 15
. ++


                  Benjamin 
                  Gifford 
               



            . I am a seafaring man
. I was drinking in a public-house on Salt-petre bank on the 15th of August, about eight or nine o'clock, and drank three or four pots of beer with some of my shipmates; this was at the sign of the Black-boy. The prisoner came into the house, and forced herself into company without being asked: she asked me to go home to her lodgings with her. I did: she asked me to go to bed with her; we agreed, and went to bed together. After we had been to bed some time, she hawled my breeches from under my head softly, and in her getting up, I catched fast hold of her hand and said, where are you going; she gave me a very rude answer: another woman came up stairs; they went both down together; I found my breeches were gone; I went to the head of the stairs and called for a light; they brought up one; I found my breeches in the middle of the bed, and my money was gone; four guineas and a half and some silver.
Q. Was you in liquor?
Gifford. No, I was not at all in liquor.
Q. Are you sure you had your money in your pocket before?
Gifford. I am; I had received my wages about two o'clock that afternoon.
Q. How long had you been in bed?
Gifford. About an hour and a half; I went in pursuit of her, and found her at the sign of the King of Prussia, and desired some people there to assist me in taking her up; they did: I found her in company with two soldiers. When she went to bed with me, the woman wanted money of her; she turned her pocket, and had no more than twopence halfpenny about her; and she paid the reckoning for treating the two soldiers, which came to 8 s. and 9 d. she was carried to the watch-house. The constable searched her, but no money was found upon her; she abused me very much going along; she took all the money I had in the world from me.


                  John 
                  Williams 
               



            . I was the officer of the night. When I came to the watch-house, the gentlewoman at the bar and the prosecutor were there. I thought they were both pretty fuddled; I locked them both up till morning; he told me the same story he has here.


                  Nicholas 
                  Foy 
               



            . I have 2 l. 14 s. 3 d. here, which the prisoner delivered to me to take care of for her (produced in court.)
Q. When did she deliver it to you?
Foy. That night that she was taken.
Q. How long have you known her?
Foy. I have known her about a year and a half.
Q. How did she tell you she came by that money?
Foy. She told me her husband was lately come home from sea, and he gave it her, in order to clothe herself, that she might get into another way of life. The prosecutor and she have been acquainted before this.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you know the prisoner before?
Prosecutor. She has been on board the ship that I belong to.
Q. Was you ever in her company before?
Prosecutor. I have; I was in her company two nights before this.
Q. to Foy. Did she say who was her husband?
Foy. No, she did not.
Q. What are you?
Foy. I am a publican.
Q. Was it at your house the prisoner was treating the two soldiers?
Foy. It was; she changed a guinea with me to pay the reckoning, which was 8 s. 9 d.
Prisoner's defence.
I was just come up from Gravesend that day; I happened to meet with this man, he had been an old acquaintance of mine; he carried me into a strange house where I never was before; he said if I would lie with him, he would make me a very handsome present. I knew he was a terrible fellow; I was obliged to go to bed with him whether I would or not. I had not been long in bed before a woman came, and said a person wanted me; when I returned, he was disputing with a woman; I went to hear what it was about; the woman ran away, and he vowed revenge against me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
