





333. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Bourk 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he on the 17th of May
, about the hour of one in the morning, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Robinson 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and steal five hats, value 40 s. the property of the said Richard, in his dwelling-house
            . +


                  Richard 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I keep a hatter's shop
 upon Holborn-hill


: on Saturday night the 17th of May, I went to bed a little after twelve o'clock, after fastening the doors and windows. On the Sunday morning about eight o'clock, I had occasion to go down into the cellar; I observed the cover of a box full of books was loose; then I went to see my hats, and found five were gone: I went to look at the street-door, and found the staples were drawn, and the door open. The next morning my next door neighbour's house was broke open and robbed, upon which Bourk was taken up; then the evidence Ashbridge was apprehended, said he had no concern in my neighbour's but he had in breaking mine; upon which to the prisoner, who was in custody, and said, I understand you have my hats, let me know where they are: he said he knew nothing of them; I offered him half a guinea, in case I could have them again. That evening he sent me a letter, mentioning, if I would come to him, he would let me know something about them; I went to him; he said, do you remember what you said last night; I said I would give him the half guinea, in case I had my hats, and offered him a shilling of it; he said, that will not do; I said, he should have the rest of the money when I had the things; he said it would do, and took the shilling: then he took me on one side, and told me, one of my hats was sold to a baker in Golden-lane for 4 s. 6 d. which was a hat that I made for a clergyman, and worth above 15 s. he told me, the other four were sold to a man named Cantrell, that buys stolen handkerchiefs, in Field-lane, for half a guinea; two were worth 15 s. each, and the other two 12 s. each. Then I applied to my Lord-Mayor for a search-warrant, to search his house; but before I got there, he was got off, and not to be found since; I went to the baker, and he readily delivered that hat up: (produced and deposed to, by a brand mark on the inside the crown.)


                  John 
                  Ashbridge 
               



            . The prisoner and I went together from the Globe on Saffron-hill, between eleven and twelve that Saturday night: we walked about till almost one; then we went to the prosecutor's street-door; he broke a piece of wood from the top of the door, and put his hand in, but could not reach the bolt: then he went to work and forced the door open; I was with him; then he went in, and staid there about a quarter of an hour, and brought out five hats and five books; the books were sold to a bookseller in Long-lane, by one 
               
                  John 
                  Davis 
               



            , who was to have all he got over a shilling for selling them. Davis and the prisoner carried the hats out, and would not let me go with them; I said at the Globe; when they came back, Bourk said they had sold one to a baker, and brought the other four back again: Bourk said, he had a good mind to cut them all to pieces; then he desired 
               
                  William 
                  Welch 
               



             to carry them, and sell them to Cantrell; Welsh came back, and brought in half a guinea, and said, he had sold them all four for that to him; we had 5 s. each, and Welch had 6 d. for his trouble.
Q. Did you know Cantrell?
Ashbridge. No, I did not.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with Bourk?
Ashbridge. About five weeks before we did this thing.
Q. Where did you first become acquainted with him?
Ashbridge. At the Hog in Armour. There were 
               
                  George 
                  Trotman 
               



            , and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Trotman 
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Scales 
               



             with him. Bourk then wanted to persuade us to go upon the highway.
Q. from prisoner. How have you got your living?
Ashbridge. Since I got into their company, I did as they did; but I'll go to my parents in Cumberland, as soon as I get clear here.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw the baker in my life.




               Guilty of stealing the hats, value 39 s
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried with 
               
                  John 
                  Jones 
               



            , for forging an order for the delivery of plate at Goldsmiths-Hall, the property of a silversmith, to whom Bourk was apprentice, No 580, 581. in Mr. Alderman Bridgen's mayoralty.
