





571. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Watkins 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two silver table spoons, and two silver tea spoons
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bule 
                  




                
            , October 9
. ++



                  John 
                  Bule 
               



            . I live on the back of St. Thomas's Hospital in the borough


. On the 9th of this instant, I lost one spoons mentioned, from out of a drawer; the prisoner was my servant nine days: he and the spoons were missing when I got up: about an hour and a half after, a man came and asked me I had lost any thing? I said, I had lost two large silver spoons, and two small ones; I went with him, and found the prisoner and spoons, under the care of a constable.


                  Godfrey 
                  Philips 
               



            . On the 9th of this instant, I was called to 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Abrahams 
               



            's, about half an hour after seven o'clock; he had those spoons in his hand: he told me a man had stopped the prisoner with them, and gave him charge of the prisoner. I asked the boy now he came by the spoons? he said he got up about half an hour after six in the morning, and took them out of his master's drawer: I asked him if there was any thing else in the drawer? he said, no; nothing but a tablecloth. He told me his master's name was Bule, and that he lived on the back of St. Thomas's Hospital: he said he was going to sell them, and the man stopped him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I got up about half an hour after six, and took these spoons, and went by the Monument; I saw a man with a blue bag; I asked him silver? he took the spoons, and into his pocket, and ran away: a gentleman heard me cry, and he came to me: the man ran into a lawyer's house, in Duke's Place.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
