






396, 397. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sell 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  John 
                  Child 
               



              were indicted for 


               stealing a pair of leather breeches, value 4 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 2 s. 6 d. a linen shirt, value 1 s. a pair of worsted stockings, value 6 d. a pair of mens shoes, value 9 d. a pair of metal buckles, value 6 d. two linen handkerchiefs, value 6 d. a pair of Bristol-stone studs set in silver
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Flint 
                  




                
            , July 13
. *


                  James 
                  Flint 
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Wardour-street. On the 30th of July, about half an hour after 11 o'clock at night, I was in Prince's-street, Leicester-fields


, and 
               
                  William 
                  Christy 
               



             was with me; he had the things mentioned in the indictment, in a bundle, going home; the two prisoners were one on one side the way, the other on the other; Child came and snatched the bundle out of Christy's hand, and then ran away up a street where was no thoroughfare, where he had dropt the bundle and was coming back; I met him; he said, what is the matter, have you been robbed? I said, yes, you rascal, and you are the man; I stopped him, and charged the watch with him; the other prisoner followed us to the watch-house; I told a watchman he was a companion of the other I believed, so they secured him; as soon as Child had taken the bundle, Sell came and said hold of Christy and held him, and said, is your honour robbed?
Q. Why did you not secure him at that time?
Flint. There was a little boy with us; he had another bundle; I was afraid Sell would take that; I took that in my hand, and ran after Child.


                  William 
                  Chrisly 
               



            . I was with Mr. Flint on the 30th of July at night in Prince's-street; he walked first, I next, and the little boy last; I had the bundle in my hand, containing the things mentioned in the indictment; Child came and snatched away the bundle, and ran round the corner with it; he was soon taken; after that the bundle was found, by searching where had he been (the things produced and deposed to.) Sell came to me as soon as the other had taken the bundle, and said, has he robbed you, has he robbed you, and held me fast; I said, let me alone, you belong to him; I gave a spring from him; I am certain he meant to hold me.


                  Henry 
                  Smith 
               



            . I heard the first cry, stop thief; I saw Child go round the corner with the bundle; I ran, and was at the taking him; then came Sell and said, leave him to me; by which means he had like to have got him from me and the constable; I told them where I had seen Child go, and they went and found the bundle.
Child's defence.
I had no intent to take the things away; Sell and I had been drinking together; I was much in liquor.
Sell's defence.
I know nothing of it; we had wished each other a good night in Piccadilly, and parted; we are both soldiers; I was locked out of my quarters, and coming along, I presently heard the cry, stop thief; I asked that gentleman if he had been robbed; he said, yes; after that, I thought as soldiers are often used ill in the streets, they were going to fighting; I went to take Child's part.


                  James 
                  Akeman 
               



            , a serjeant. I have known Child three months, the time he has been a soldier; he had been a footman; he behaved well as a soldier; I know Sell is given to drinking, but I never heard of any dishonesty by him.
Child, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Sell, 

               Acquitted
            .
