





259. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cartwright 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 3 ounces weight of silver, value 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cafe 
                  




                
            , March 30
. ++


                  William 
                  Cafe 
               



            . I am a working silversmith
 in Gutter-lane


; I hired the prisoner as a yearly servant
, to sweep the shop, blow the bellows, and carry out goods: when we have been melting, we have missed 2 or 3 ounces of silver at a time. On Easter Sunday, being the 30th of March, when I came home, I was told the prisoner had robbed me, and he was in the garret. I being a constable, went up and examined him; he denied it; and at last he confessed he had robbed me; and after that he confessed it to me and another person.
Mrs. Cafe. The maid went up to see for the boys dirty linen; in looking about, she saw silver appear out of the prisoner's breeches; she came down, and gave it to me; I desired her to search farther; she did, and brought me a paper of pieces of silver. The prisoner was not at home; he came home between 5 and 6; then I sent for Mr. Cafe: he came, and went up stairs, and brought the prisoner down; and I heard him confess he took the silver out of the sand.


                  Sarah 
                  Wigmore 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cafe; I found these 2 parcels of silver in the prisoner's breeches pocket; he owned to the breeches when my master asked him. I heard the prisoner say he took the pieces, to see how much it would make up in such a time; he took it all out of the sand; (the silver produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor, by some remarkable pieces.)


                  Francis 
                  Cromp 
               



            . I was sent for to the prisoner; I heard him say he took the pieces out of the sand, in order to see how much the waste would amount to.
Prisoner's defence.
There are 3 other people lie in the same room; some body else might put them into my pocket; I am innocent as the child unborn.
He called 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hughes 
               



            , a bookseller's servant, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Morris 
               



            , a victualler, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
