





53. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel Jos 
                     Cooper 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a turkey oyl-stone, value 12 d. a tennant-saw, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Willson 
                        



                     
                  , a jack-plane, value 8 d. a pairing chissel, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Milligan 
                        



                     
                  , a hand-saw, value 12 d. a rabit-plane, value 6 d. and one wooden square, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hugh
                            M'Dowell
                        



                     
                  , one carpenter's plough, one long-plane, and a hammer, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel
                      M'Donald
                  



               
            , May 29
. ++


                  William 
                  Willson 
               



            . I am journeyman carpenter
. I was at work at a building behind the queen's palace at Pimlicoe


, for Mr. Beech. We missed the tools laid in the indictment on the 30th of May; we suspected the prisoner, and went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and took a warrant, and took the prisoner; the justice was tender in committing him; as nothing then was found he was discharged. After which he used us with a good deal of ill language; we heard nothing more of him till the 30th or 31st of October; one of our men went to work near Tyburn; he saw the prisoner go into a new house; he spoke to the foreman and told him our suspicion; he desired us to come at night and see his things which he worked with; we went there; we found on the bench where the prisoner was at work a tennant saw of mine, a jack-plane of 
               
                  William 
                  Milligan 
               



            's; we went and got a search warrant; the next morning we went; he saw us; he endeavoured to make his escape. He did himself, but we found him, and brought him out to the constable; then I asked him how he came by these things; he said he bought them at an old iron shop. I asked him where was my oyl stone? and said he had better deliver it up than give us so much trouble. Then he went and delivered up all the other things except the plough.
Q. Did you make him any promise of favour?
Willson. The first time we did promise him to let him go if he would tell us, and let us have them. He would not then. But we made him no promise the last time. He had pawned the plough to pay for being married; he went with us to the pawnbroker where we found it; he delivered up the other things. ( Mentioning them and the respective owners.) He acknowledged he took them, and begged for mercy. ( The tools produced and deposed to by the respective owners.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I worked at Pimlicoe; a young man lent me these tools; his name is 
               
                  John 
                  Rose 
               



            ; he was going into the country. When these people came to me, they asked me after some tools, and said, they found some upon my bench; they said, they would forgive me if I would let them have them; so I went with them, and let them have them, and they committed me to prison.
To his character.


                  James 
                  Sufford 
               



            . I have known the prisoner from his infancy; he always bore a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
