





27. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bradley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a man's hat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Brown 
                  




                
            , Nov. 17
. ++
At the desire of the prisoner the witnesses were examined apart.


                  Robert 
                  Brown 
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Holbourn


. On the 17th of November the prisoner and three others came past me, as I was at the bottom of Holbourn-hill, going home, about eleven at night; the prisoner took my hat from my head, and threw it to another man; I ran after the other man, the prisoner after me, and knocked me down; I got up again immediately; seeing my hat lying by the side of a house, I made to it; he came again a second time, and threw me down in the channel; there came three gentlemen and took him; the watch was charged with him; he said to the watchman, don't hold me, I'll go with you quietly; he let him go; he got from him and ran through Fleet-market, and up some high steps; they followed and took him there; then he was carried to Wood-street Compter; I never saw my hat since.
Q. from prisoner. Was you drunk or sober?
Brown. I was neither; I had had a little liquor.
Q. from prisoner. Did I demand any thing of you, or put you in bodily fear?
Brown. No, you did not.
Q. Was you sober or drunk the next morning before the Alderman?
Brown. I was a little troubled about the affair, by being confined all night in the Compter.
Q. How happened that?
Prisoner. Because I charged him with an assault first of all.
Q. from prisoner. Whether you did not say if I would give you 6 s. for the hat, you would not prosecute me?
Brown. No, I did not.


                  Samuel 
                  Hughes 
               



            . On the 17th of November I was turning down Fleet market from Holbourn-hill, I perceived Mr. Brown running down Holbourn-hill after one of these chimney-sweepers, (the prisoner is a chimney-sweeper) and the prisoner was running after Mr. Brown; he overtook him just opposite the Fleet-market, there he knocked Mr. Brown down; I went to see what was the matter; a chimney-sweeper took up a hat and ran up the hill.
Q. Had that man a hat on his head at the same time?
Hughes. He had a sort of hat on; I called to a watchman who turned him; then he ran down and through the Fleet-market; by that time Mr. Brown had recovered himself, then I told him where to find me, if I should be wanted to give evidence.


                  John 
                  Cowell 
               



            . On the 17th of November, about a quarter before twelve at night, I saw Brown knocked down by some person, I know not who; I went up; Mr. Hughes was there; he told me Mr. Brown had lost his hat; I saw a hat thrown to another person; Mr. Hughes shewed me the person that did it; I seized the prisoner; taking him along by St. Andrew's watch-house, he made his escape; I ran after him, he ran down Fleet-market; one of his accomplices I believe joined him at the top of Turnagain-lane; coming upon Snow-hill, there I took him; the other man was I believe five feet ten inches high; he was a chimney-sweeper; he went off as soon as the prisoner was taken; after that I learned by the people at the watch-house, he came several times and peeped in at the window.
Prisoner's defence.
I am a chimney-sweeper
 by trade, and had that night been at work with a night cart; coming along I met the prosecutor running after three or four men in the highway, as if they were at football; he was challenging one and another with having his hat; he came to me and said, have you got my hat, and laid hold on my collar; I said, let me alone, I have not got it; he was going to strike me; I first charged the watch with him for striking me, and he after that charged me with this robbery; they took me towards the watch-house; I said, where is my antagonist; they said, never mind that, so long as we have you; I said, I will not go without him; I ran away down Fleet-market and up Turnagain-lane; they call'd, stop thief: a man came, I said I am the man they mean, I am your prisoner; there came my antagonist; we were both carried to the Compter, and the next day before Mr. Alderman Crosby; the Alderman asked him if he was drunk or sober; he owned he was in liquor. I am as innocent as the child unborn.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
