






242, 243. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Christopher William 
                     Tanner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 12th of March

, about the hour of eight in the night, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Farr 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and steal one china punch-bowl, value 2 s. one china bason, value 1 s. two brass sconces, value 1 s. two earthen cows, value 2 s. two china swans, value 1 s. ten china cups, value 2 s. twelve china saucers, value 2 s. one china tea-pot, value 1 s. one branch of shell-flowers, value 1 s. one glass decanter, value 6 d. one bar of iron, value 6 d. one ostrich's egg, value 6 d. one leather bag, value 1 d. one pound weight of gunpowder, two pounds weight of shot, three stone bottles, and six quarts of brandy, the property of the said John, in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Canner 
                  



                
            , his father, for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            . *


                  John 
                  Farr 
               



            . I live near Fishmonger's-hall. I have a house at Hagerstone



: I had left the keys of the garden with an old woman. I was informed, on the 14th of March, that house was broke open. I went and found the buffet stripped of punch-bowls, and the other things mentioned in the indictment were taken away.
Q. Had you any servants in the house?
Farr. No, I had not. I found a window up stairs had been broke, the sash was screw'd down: they had broke the bottom and upper part of the glass, in order to get the shutters open. Upon enquiring about, I was informed the boy at the bar was seen to come from my garden, with flower-roots. I got a warrant from the Bench of Justices, to take up the boy, and likewise to search the boy's father's house. When we came to Hager-stone, the boy was at play: when he saw the constable and me coming, he took to his heels: the constable went through a house to meet him, but the boy seeing that, returned, and I catched him by the arm: he sadly wanted to call his father. When we came to his father's house, the door was shut, and upon the latch; when we opened it, the father was behind the door: I saw him go out: the first thing I saw was the ostrich's egg hanging up in the house. I found the china tea cups and saucers, and punch bowl, a pair of brass sconces which were put up: after that, I found the leather bag, with gunpowder in it; the mother owned the boy brought the things all there: this was within the hearing of the boy. She said, he got them at a fire in Kingsland road: the boy said, mother, you make a mistake; I told you I got them at an auction. Said I, will they give you brandy and rum, powder and shot at an auction? In the corner of the room was a stone bottle: I said to the boy, that is my bottle: the boy said no, it is my daddy's, touch it if you dare. I said, there is Bradley, Covent-garden, if it is mine, at the bottom. I looked, and found it so. The boy said, he had assisted at an auction, and they gave him all these things for his trouble: then he began to cry, and said, they gave him them: I said, who is they? if any body was concerned with you, tell the truth, and don't accuse an innocent person. We took him to the Bull alehouse; at last he said, if I would be favourable to him, he would tell the truth: he there impeached one 
               
                  John 
                  Bonam 
               



            , of being an accomplice with him, in breaking the house; and said, Bonam cut his hands with the sash, in breaking the window. We found Bonam in Smithfield; he threatened to kill the boy, and said, he knew nothing of the matter. We examined his hand where the boy said, and there we found a cut in his finger. When he found there was some proof against him, he begged pardon, and said, if he had known it had been my house he would never have done it; after that he said he did not know the house: he said there was a person in the neighbourhood would be bound for him for a thousand pounds; but that gentleman would not be bound for a farthing for him; he took an opportunity and slipt away from us, and got off. The boy at the bar accused one 
               
                  James 
                  Brodrick 
               



            ; we took him up; he was committed for further examination: I could not accuse him any farther than the boy had said, so he was discharged: now the boy says that Brodrick was innocent of the fact; the justices said I must get the father: on coming home one Saturday night I met the father and mother: I took him to the Bell tavern: I asked him how long he had had these things in his custody? he said he had had them three weeks; but I had seen them since that time in my own house. The boy is about thirteen or fourteen years of age: there is no bed in the father's house for the boy to lie on. The father is a shoe-maker by trade. I have lost about half a hundred weight of iron, and I found a bar of iron in Mr. Smith's shop, by his forge: he will give an account how he came by it. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  Samuel 
                  Smith 
               



            . About a month ago the old man at the bar brought some old iron to my shop to sell; he said he brought it from Mr. Banbridge, who kept a shop at Hagerstone. (The goods produced and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Lilley 
               



            . I am a constable: I found these goods, here produced, in the old man the prisoner's house.
The Boy's Defence.


                  Jack 
                  Benham 
               



             persuaded me to go; he told me he would give me many things.
The Father's Defence.
The boy came home to me with various excuses, uncommon for a boy of his age: I am as innocent as the child in its mother's belly.
The Boy 


               guilty of felony only
            . 


               T
            .
The Father 

               guilty
            , 


               T. 14
            .
