





248. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Saunders 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing seven pounds weight of soap, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Walton 
                  




                
            , March 4
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Walton 
               



            . I am an oilman
, and live in Little-Britain


: on the 4th of March I had 300 weight of soap piled up in my shop, which came in that morning: soon after I miss'd a single cake. I asked my young man if he had sold any; he said no: about three o'clock I went out, and said about half an hour; when I came back again there were two cakes more gone; and with one he had detected the prisoner: I found her in the shop: she desired I would forgive her, and said she never would do so again; she being an old offender, I charged the constable with her, and charged her with taking the other two cakes. I hearing her husband was an honest man, I applied to him, and had a cake of soap brought to me from him.


                  William 
                  Walton 
               



            . I am a relation to the prosecutor, and his apprentice; just after the soap came in, the prisoner came in for half a quartern of tea, and while I turned my back there was a cake of soap missing; she was just gone: about an hour and half after I went in to dinner; she came in again and asked for half a quartern of tea; as soon as I had weighed it she would not have it, but would have a halpennyworth of sugar; after she was gone there was another cake missing: I went in again to dinner, and in less than five minutes she came in again, and asked for half a quartern of tea: I challenged her with taking some soap, and having some under her arm; she went out at the door: I followed her, and pulled her cloak aside; there I saw a cake of soap under her arm; there had been about half a pound cut off, at one end, for a sample: I brought her into the shop, and in two or three minutes my master came.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
