





19. (M) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Baker 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one featherbed, val. 12 s one bolster, val. 6 d. one rug, val. 6 d. two linen sheets, val. 2 s. and one blanket, val. 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Carrione 
                        




                      
                  , the same being in a certain lodging room lett by contract
            , &c Oct. 31
.~


                  Margaret 
                  Carrione 
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me several years in a two pair of stairs room: I lett it him ready furnished at 18 d. a week. I was informed by one of my other lodgers, that he had carried a bed out. I went and followed him, and saw a corner of my rug hang out of the bundle. I desired him to bring them back. He said, if I would not go away, he would rip me open. I cry'd out, and people came about us, and he was secured. He had got the bed, the bolster, and the rug, in a sack. I took him before justice Fielding; he said there, he was going to make a little money on the bed.


                  Bridget 
                  Hughes 
               



            . I lodge in the house of the prosecutrix, in St. Giles's: I saw the prisoner, with a large sack on his back, coming down the stairs. I saw the bed tick through a hole in the sack. I told my landlady; she went after him, and he was taken with the things.


                  Owen 
                  Dermont 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since he lodged with the prosecutrix. I was told he came out of the house with a bed. I heard her cry murder in the alley. I ran to her assistance, and took hold of him. She desired me to take care of him till she got a constable. He owned he had taken them out of his lodging-room; and, before the justice, he owned he was going to make money of them, but he would give no account of what was become of the blanket and sheet.
Prisoner's Defence.
I lived almost seven years with the prosecutrix; I buy old cloaths. When her husband was alive, I asked him to lend me a trifle of money, and he gave me leave to pledge some things in my room; and, when I had sold the things that I bought with the money, then I used to fetch the goods back again. A great many times I have been obliged to do so, even to pay her my rents; and when I was sure of a bargain, then I used to bring them all home again. A serjeant came to me in New Prison, and inlisted me, and gave me a shilling, and I am to have two guineas more; I hope I may serve my king. I have been in the service before.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


