





461. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Barden 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six guineas
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Carnon 
                  




                
            , June 10
. ++


                  James 
                  Carnon 
               



            . I had six guineas in my pocket going to bed, seven weeks ago to day, in a purse, about the hour of one, at the house of Mr. Lacy, in St. Giles's in the Fields


: I lay in a bed with an old gentleman that I always lie with; the prisoner lay in another bed in the same room; I missed my money about half an hour after five in the morning.
Q. Did you go to bed sober?
Carnon. No, I did not. The prisoner was up and gone. Mr. Lacy and the constable can give a farther account.


                  Thomas 
                  Willson 
               



            . On the 10th of June I was sent for to Mr. Lacy's: he said, he had found a purse, half a guinea, and 4 s. upon the prisoner, which he supposed to be the prosecutor's; I took him to the round house; after he was there, the round-house keeper told me, he had given him a guinea to change; there I searched him, and found another guinea upon him.


                  Michael 
                  Lacy 
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner; I asked him, if he had got the prosecutor's money; he said, he found the purse on the floor, as he was getting up to go to work, and that he had but half a guinea left: I asked him, what he had done with the rest; he said, he got drunk, and lost it out of his pocket: I found the purse and half a guinea upon him. (The purse produced, and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  John 
                  King 
               



            . I keep the round house. The prisoner was brought to me; he wanted to send a messenger of an errand; I said, how can you send a messenger, when you have no money to pay him; he said, they have searched me, but have not found all; and pulled out a guinea, and delivered it to me; he sent for his coat, hat, and wig; he had a new shirt, new shoes, and a new scarlet waistcoat; I said, how came you by these; he said, I got up at four o'clock, and found the purse on the floor; and he changed the first guinea in Cold Bath Fields: then I sent for the constable, and he found another purse with another guinea in it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have nothing to say: I found the purse under the threshold of the door.



               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
