





33. (M.) 
               
                  Ann
                  wife
 of 
                     
                        Oliver 
                        Evitt 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing five pounds weight of leather, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Silvester 
                  




               
            , December 7
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Silvester 
               



            . I am a leather cutter
, and live in Great Russel-Street


. Yesterday morning, between eight and nine o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop for leather (her husband is a shoemaker) my son was in the shop; I was at breakfast in a little room joining. I heard a noise, and saw her looking at some leather, and going from one part of the shop to another. I gave my son a hint to watch her. I staid some time at breakfast; when I came into the shop she still was there. She bought a piece for three half-pence, and went out. My son said, after she was in the street, See how she walks. I thought she was drunk, as she walked lamish. Presently a large piece of sole leather dropped from her petticoats; she was but about five or six yards from the door. I desired my son to fetch her back. My son went, and took hold of the sleeve of her gown, and in turning her round short she dropped nine pieces more from under her clothes. I saw them drop. When she was brought into the shop, she went down on her knees, and begged I would excuse her, as she was very poor. (The leather produced in court and deposed to.) Here is my own mark on all the pieces; they were taken out of a small bing, where she had been on her knees looking out the pieces, about a quarter of an hour.
Q. What is the value of these pieces?
Silvester. They are worth about 6 s.


                  John 
                  Silvester 
               



            . I am son to the prosecutor; I suspected the prisoner all the time she was in the shop, knowing her to be a thief before. She was some time on her knees at the bing, where the pieces of sole leather lies; she bought a bit for three-halfpence ( produced in court) this is it; after she went out of the shop my father sent me after her. I gave her a short turn round, and she dropped nine pieces; they are my father's property. When she was brought back into the shop, she begged pardon.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am not guilty. I had not that leather in the shop.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
