






149, 150. (M.) 
               
                  Margaret, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        King 
                     







            , and 
               
                  Mary, wife
 of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Granvile 
                     







            , were indicted; the first for 


               stealing one worsted green purse, value 2 d. thirty guineas, forty-six half guineas , and one 36 s. piece of gold
            , the property of 
               
                  Felix 
                  Donnelly 
               



             , and the other for 


               receiving four guineas, part of the said money, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , April 9

.


                  Felix 
                  Donnelly 
               



            . I was making my way home.
Q. Where was you?
Donnelly. Near Rosemary Lane



. I met the two prisoners by accident; they proposed to shew me my way home.
Q. When was this?
Donnelly. This was on the 9th of this present month.
Q. What time was it?
Donnelly. It might be betwixt eight and nine o'clock.
Q. Where is your home?
Donnelly. My home is in Chiswel Street, by Moorfields.
Q. Did they shew you your way home?
Donnelly. No; instead of that they brought me under a gateway. I said, I am sure this can be no thoroughfare They said, Well, well, stop up here. There were two or three stairs that went up into a fort of a room, where was a fire and candle. and two other women; they desired me to sit down, and they would shew me my way directly. I sat down I had not sat long before they asked me for something to drink, so I gave them something, but how much it might be, I cannot tell. By this time I wanted to go. Two of them said, you shall not go, and surrounded me, so that I did not know which was best to do. There was a sort of a bed, but of no account. They told me it was the best and safest way to say there, and I should be as safe as can be till morning. I took off my coat and breeches and laid me down, and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  King 
               



             came and whip'd my breeches from under my head.
Q. Was you awake?
Donnelly. I was as wake as your honour is now. She took my purse from out of it, in which was 56 or 60 l
Q. Was you drunk or sober?
Donnelly. Indeed I had been taking pleasure in drinking, but I was not drunk.
Note, The Remainder of these Proceedings will be published in a few Days.






THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE King's Commissions of the Peace, Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Delivery FOR THE CITY of LONDON, And also the Gaol Delivery for the County of MIDDLESEX, HELD AT JUSTICE-HALL in the OLD-BAILEY, On Wednesday the 16th, Thursday the 17th, and Friday the 18th of APRIL,
In the Thirty-third Year of His MAJESTY'S Reign. NUMBER IV. PART II. for the YEAR 1760. Being the Fourth SESSIONS in the MAYORALTY of The Right Honble Sir 
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CHITTY 
                  



               , Knt. LORD-MAYOR of the CITY of LONDON.
LONDON:
Printed, and sold by G. KEARSLY (Successor to the late Mr. Robinson) at the Golden-Lion, in Ludgate-Street, 1760.
[Price Four-pence.]

THE PROCEEDINGS ON THE
King's Commissions of the Peace, and Oyer and Terminer, for the City of LONDON, and at the General 
                  
                     Sessions
                  


                of Gaol Delivery of Newgate, holden for the said City of LONDON, and County of MIDDLESEX, at Justice-Hall in the Old-Bailey, &c.

Q. CAN you tell the just quantity of your money?
Donnelly. I cannot, because I had laid out some.
Q. When had you seen it last?
Donnelly. I saw it not half an hour before I met with them.
Q. What happened after this?
Donnelly. Then, Sir, they made off every one of them, all four, and the place was left to myself, nobody at all there. I got up, and made into the street as fast as I could; going there I cried out, murder, I was rob'd, and the like. I met a man, who said, the whores and bitches are gone off with your money towards East Smithfield. I ran this way, that way, and the other way, but could see nothing of them till it appeared day-light. Then one of them came to me, and said, one of the bitches ran down such a place, shaking a purse of gold, and saying, here is money enough, buying goods here and there.
Q. How did you find them?
Donnelly. I found them in a gentleman's shop, where they had bought several things, the next morning very early.
Q. At what hour?
Donnelly. Perhaps between seven and eight o'clock. I found them myself, with the help of a young woman that guided me, and so on
Q. At whose house did you find them in East Smithfield?
Donnelly. In a shopkeeper's house there.
Q. What does he sell?
Donnelly. He sells cloaths of one sort or another. The two prisoners were both there. I took upon myself to stop them, with the assistance of the girl that guided me. Then I sent for an officer. When he came I charged him with them, and upon searching the prisoners, found the quantity of money that he has to give an account of.
Q. Was you by at the time?
Donnelly. Indeed I was.
Q. Where were they searched?
Donnelly. They were searched in that place. We took them before justice Scot, before whom King declared, that one of the women had rob'd her of thirty guineas of the money, and ran away with it.
Q. How much was found upon King?
Donnelly. I know partly, for there were three that received of my money, and King's daughter had most of it.
Q. Can you tell what money was found upon 
               
                  Margaret 
                  King 
               



            ?
Donnelly. I cannot tell separately, but there was some money found upon her; her daughter had six guineas and seventeen half guineas about her in a parcel of rags.


                  Benjamin 
                  Dixon 
               



            . The prosecutor gave me charge of 
               
                  Margaret 
                  King 
               



            , saying, she had rob'd him. When I first came into the room there were a great many people, who said a robbery had been committed of 56 guineas. I found in King's pocket two half guineas, eleven shillings in silver, and five pennyworth of halfpence. She had a little child about ten years of age, which I searched, but found nothing upon it. The child pull'd a cloak from out of its pocket. Then I searched again, and found a green purse with eight guineas and seventeen half guineas in it. I asked 
               
                  Margaret 
                  King 
               



             if that money which I took out of her pocket belong'd to that purse. She said, yes, all but two shillings and eleven-pence halfpenny, which she said she had laboured hard for, and desired I would give it her again. The justice ordered me to return her that, which I did.
Q. What did the prosecutor say to that purse?
Dixon. I think he did say he would swear to that purse, assoon as I took it out.
Donnelly. I'll be sworn to this purse, my own wife made it, and the money I was all in this purse (he kissed it.)
Q. from King. Was I the person that pick'd you up in the street?
Donnelly. Yes, you was the very person, you was one of the two. This was all the money I had to live upon in the world.
Q. from King. What place did I pick you up in?
Donnelly. I think it was in one part of Rosemary Lane, or joining to it; I can't say justly, it was in the night.
Dixon. I searched the other woman at the bar, and found a guinea and a half between her stays and her shift; that I have separated here by itself. (He produced some new cloaths.) This parcel of goods were found upon the two prisoners, being just bought, a gown, the lining, a cardinal, a silk hat and handkerchief.
King's Defence.
I was out all that day at hard labour, with my two small children, and I am big with another. I had been a begging all that day
. This other woman carries chips about to sell. She came home and had lost the heel of her shoe. She asked me to be so good as to lend her my shoes. I lent them to her. She met 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Tisham 
               



             and this man coming together. They called me to bring a light I said, who in the name of God is coming, for I pay 9 d. per week and she 6 d. Said she, I have got an acquaintance, which I have known upwards of thirty years. She insisted upon my going to an alehouse, but I would not. The man gave 
               
                  Mary 
                  Granvile 
               



             6 d. to go for a pot of beer. He declared he had not a farthing about him but three shillings. This Tilham, he, and 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Butler 
               



            , sat together. Then he wanted some snuff. Granvile went for a halfpenny worth for him. When I came up with the pot of beer, I found him and the two women close together. As for any thing else I know nothing of his money. I said, what are you about? One of them said, hold your tongue, or I'll run this knife to your heart. He wanted to lie with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Granvile 
               



            , and the other woman said she had got the pox. He said he liked his country woman better. He took me and used me very odiously, too bad to be spoke of; he put me in fear, and wanted to be rude with me, and gave the old woman a shilling for the bed, desiring she would coax me to lie with him; I said I had but one man that was father to all my children, and I would lie only with him. I never handled the purse, only the small money that was loose, which the child picked up in the high way and on the stairs in Blue Anchor Yard. I was barefooted and bare leg'd. Tilham was the landlady of the place. The prosecutor was rolling about in the street d - ning people, and calling them bitches, in the night.
Q. to prosecutor. What is your employ?
Prosecutor. I am a bookseller
 and bookbinder
; I deal for some hundreds a year.
Q. Where had you been?
Prosecutor. I had been at Portsmouth some time.
Q. Where do you carry on your business?
Prosecutor. I had been eight months at Portsmouth, because it was a place of trade; I came up to replenish.
Q. Replenish what?
Prosecutor. To buy goods. I had above 140 l. when I came to London.
Q. Did you bring it up, or receive it in town?
Prosecutor. I brought it up.
Q. Where did you pass the remainder of the night after they all four quitted the room?
Prosecutor. When I could not find the women, I thought it was my best way to go up the same stairs into the room again, and pass my time there till they came back again.
King 

               Guilty
            .
Granvile 

               Acquitted
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


