






296. (L.) 
               
                  Mary, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hughes 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing one man's cloth coat, value 16 s. one cotton gown, value 14 s. one apron, value 2 s. one handkerchief, value 1 s. and two clouts
            , the property of 
               
                  Humphry 
                  Poole 
               




             , Sept. 27
. ++
Humphry Poole. I am a ticket-porter
, the prisoner was my servant
, she lived with me three weeks and three days, she told us she had carried the gown out to be washed, and aprons, and handkerchief: we asked her after them several times; she said the washerwoman had not done them: we did not miss the coat till after she was gone; on a Saturday night, between 10 and 11 o'clock, she said she could not stay any longer, and she must go away that night. I said that was leaving us at a nonplus; she said, it does not signify, I shall not lay another night in your house: she said she would come for her wages in the morning. When she came on the Sunday morning, she trembled as she was taking up her money. I said, What is the matter? She said I do not know, but something frightens me. She said she was going to hire herself on Tower-hill. After that, we had word brought us that we should never have our things any more, tho', by looking about, I missed my coat. I found out the prisoner, and charged her with taking the things; she owned she had given the gown to one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Tillet 
               



             to pawn. I have found the gown and coat again.


                  Mary 
                  Poole 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor, I left the prisoner to look after my family; I wanted my gown to be cleaned, she said she would wash it; then she pretended she could not please me, and had put it out to be washed. She has since owned she took my apron and handkerchief out of the drawer to wear.


                  Thomas 
                  Hall 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, (He produced a cotton gown) this the prisoner pledged with me the 19th of last month, for 8 s. (Deposed to by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Poole 
               



            .)


                  Joseph 
                  Ward 
               



            . I was ordered to go to the pawnbroker by Mr. alderman Cokayne, with the prisoner, and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Tillet 
               



            , who said the prisoner gave her the gown to pawn; there it was delivered to us. I found the coat also where the prisoner directed me. ( Produced, and deposed to.) Tillet carried that also.
Prisoner's Defence.
The woman that carried the coat paid the money for it.
Prosecutor. I asked the pawnbroker, (he is not here) he says there is not a farthing paid.
Ward. The pawnbroker delivered the coat readily, without any money at all. I told him he must attend the sessions, but he is not come.
Prisoner. This is thro' a bad husband he has been at the expence of this prosecution.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


