





398. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Dust 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two hogs, value 40 s. and one barrow pig, value 12 s. and one sow pig, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Clark 
                  




                
            , June 30
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Clark 
               



            . I live at Hounslow


. Last Sunday was se'en-night, at night, my wife and daughter put my hogs into the stye; I saw them there, and fed them as usual: when I got up in the morning they were gone, two hogs and two pigs: two of them were almost 12 months, the other two were about four months old. My wife, children, and I, went about to see for them, and could hear nothing of them, till a team was coming from Hounslow-Heath; the waggoner told a bargeman a poor man had lost all his hogs; the bargeman told him he saw three russianly fellows driving four pigs through Old Brentford, a little before two o'clock: the bargeman came and told me this; I was directed to Mr. Turner, near Hyde-Park Corner, who keeps hogs, thinking he might have heard of people with hogs. While I was there, a dog-skinner came, and said a parcel of pigs were sold cheap at Brumpton: Mr. Turner and I went there, and met with a gardener, who gave us farther intelligence, by which means we found the two biggest alive, in the custody of widow Hore: we went to a public-house just by her, and the landlord had brought one of the little pigs; he had killed it, and some of it was left: this was at Mr. Tutt's, at the Bell and Horns at Brumpton; then we went to the prisoner's house, and found one alive there; he lived at Hay-Hill, in a cellar, between Berkley-square and Piccadilly: we took him to Justice Fielding; he said he bought the pig of one 
               
                  William 
                  Gentleman 
               



            , whom he could not find; so the Justice ordered him to go along with us, to see if we could find him: we walked about. a good while, as long as he thought fit; then he went away and left us: the next day we went and took him before Justice Miller; he committed him to Tothilfields-Bridewell: we were informed 
               
                  William 
                  Prince 
               



             was with the prisoner when the hogs were sold; the people at several houses said there was such a man as 
               
                  William 
                  Gentleman 
               



            , but we could not find him.


                  Thomas 
                  Tutt 
               



            . I live at the Bell and Horns at Brumpton. On Sunday was se'nnight, about 10 in the morning, the prisoner and Prince were at my house; they drank some beer, and talk'd to Mr. Blake, a gardener; they said they should bring some pigs on the Monday morning, and he should have the preference of them. Accordingly, on the Monday morning, about a quarter before five, Prince and two more men came with him with the pigs, and about a quarter of an hour after the prisoner came. Before the first pot was half oat, they ask'd for Mr. Blake; I said he was gone to town; they waited three hours about my door; I ask'd what they would have for one of the great pigs; they ask'd a guinea; I said it is worth 18 s. they said they would not take less: they called for another pot of beer; I then ask'd the price of one of the small ones; they ask'd 9 s. I said I would give eight and a pot of beer; then Dust said to Prince, Take the money: I accordingly gave the money to Prince; after that Dust came and ask'd me to buy the two large ones, and said I should have them worth the money: said I, What is that? the pigs that I offered 18 s. a-piece for at first: he offered me the two at 32 s. I said that would not do; then he came back to me, and said I should have them for 31 s. then I began to think they stole them; I said, I will have nothing to do with you nor your pigs neither; I wish I had not bought the other: that I bought weighed 32 pounds when dead: I gave after the rate of 31/4 d. a pound.
Q. What colour was it?
Tutt. A white barrow pig.
Q. to prosecutor. Was yours such a pig?
Prosecutor. It was, and weighed about that weight.
Tutt. The prisoner said he would have the other pig himself for a breeding sow.
Q. Did he pay for it?
Tutt. I did not see him give any money for it.
Q. What were the other mens names?
Tutt. One was nam'd Kitchen, and the other Gentleman.
Q. What were the pigs worth which they ask'd you 31 s. for?
Tutt. They were worth 20 s. a-piece.


                  Joseph 
                  Hore 
               



            . 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Dust 
               



             called me up one Sunday morning at 5 o'clock; I live near Mr. Tutt; we went to his house and drank; he told me he had some pigs coming out of the country, and he could help me to them worth my money; there was Prince with him; Dust said the pigs belonged to him. On the Monday morning he came again to Mr. Tutt's; he said to me, If you will have my pigs, here they be: my mother came there and saw them; she bid 30 s. for three, and at last agreed for 30 s. for two.
Q. What are you?
Hore. I am a gardener; my mother keeps a garden, and goes to market and sells things: I heard Mr. Tutt bid 18 s. for the best pig.
Q. Who appeared to be the owner of the pigs?
Hore. Prince did; Dust made the bargain with me.
Q. Did you know Dust before?
Hore. I have known him about a year and a half.
Q. What is he?
Hore. He is a bricklayer.
Q. Where are the pigs?
Hore. Mr. Clark has got them now.


                  Martin 
                  Harris 
               



            . On a Sunday morning I was called up, near six o'clock, by Mr. Dust and his sister.
Q. Where do you live?
Harris. I live at Earl's Court, near Brumpton; we went to the White Hart, and had some gin; then we went to the Bell, and had some beer: Dust said he knew a man in the country that had some pigs to dispose of, and he had not a place proper to keep them in.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went out that Sunday, as I usually do; I lit of Prince; knowing him to be a country butcher, we went to Harris's; we drank together; he was talking about a brother that had some pigs to sell. On the Monday, about 7 o'clock, he came and desired I'd come to Brumpton; he said he had four pigs to sell. When I came there, there were 
               
                  William 
                  Gentleman 
               



            , Kitchin, and Prince, drinking. Mr. Tutt had agreed for a little barrow pig for 8 s. and a pot of beer. I bought one, and gave him a shilling earnest for it. Hore's mother came and offered me a shilling for my bargain; I said I would not par with it, because I wanted it for a breeder; then the young man came and bid money for two pigs; he said his mother would give no more than 30 s. so they let her have them. I drove mine home, and put it into the stye; I gave 7 s. for it; then I went about my business to my work: the next day Mr. Turner came and ask'd to see my pig; I shewed him it; the prosecutor was there; he said it was his, and took it away; they said I must go before Justice Fielding; I went there, and said I had the pig of three men: the Justice sent me to see if I could find them out; we went all about, and it began to be night; then Mr. Turner said we might as well go home about our business; so I went home. Please to examine Mr. Hore, whether he did not see me give earnest for it.
For the Prisoner.


                  Joseph 
                  Hore 
               



            . I know nothing of his paying for the pig; I never saw him pay a farthing.


                  Mary 
                  Howard 
               



            . I have known the prisoner since he came from abroad, which is about two years ago.
Q. What is his business?
M. Howard. Sometimes he has been a drover, sometimes a bricklayer's labourer.
Q. What is his general character?
M. Howard. I know nothing but honour and honestly by him. Here is Mr. Turner, that is the head of those against him; he can't give him a bad character.
Q. to prisoner. Do you desire he should be called?
Prisoner. Yes.


                  Robert 
                  Turner 
               



            . I have known too much of him; his business has been that of hog stealing; I don't know he ever followed any business besides.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
