





83. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Levi 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a printed book, called, The Adventures of Telemachus, a Common Prayer Book, a French Testament, a French and English Dictionary, the Universal Gazetteer, and divers other books, with other goods, a wooden box, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wilkie 
                  




                
            , November 19
. +


                  Mary 
                  Ramsay 
               



            . I live in Cornhill. Mr. Wilkie had a box, in my shop, left to the care of Mr. Sallicoffer; I do not know what was in it; we went backwards into the parlour, and my sister had neglected to bolt the shop door; we did not miss the box till the prisoner at the bar and that were brought back again; I sent for my brother; the prisoner would not speak; he was committed to the Counter.


                  John 
                  Baillie 
               



            . About seven in the evening, I was going by this Lady's shop, I saw the prisoner come out of her shop with a box: he ran cross the way immediately: I thought he had taken it feloniously by the manner of his coming out with it; I crossed the way after him; he was then assisted to hoist the box on his back by a woman that seemed to be in confederacy with him: I said, what are you going to do with that box? upon my second application, he threw it down, intending to throw it on my legs, and ran away: I ran after him; he never was out of my sight, till I took him; I brought him back to the box, and from thence to Miss Ramsay's shop; the box was pretty weighty.
Cross Examination.
Q. How long have you known Miss Ramsay?
Baillie. I never had the pleasure of knowing her before that circumstance happened.
Q. Did you take notice of the man, so as to be sure of knowing him?
Baillie. I took notice sufficiently of him.
Q. Whereabouts is her shop?
Baillie. A little before you come to Michael's Alley.
Counsel. How near was you to the man when he came out of the shop?

Baillie. I was much nearer to him than I am to you, I was close to him; I saw him in the door-way, with the box in his arms.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner?
Baillie. I am.
Q. How far from the place where the box was drop'd, did you take him?
Baillie. Not fifteen yards distance from it.
Q. How soon after?
Baillie. In about three quarters of a minute, I had him back again to the box.
Q. What are you?
Baillie. I am a stationer under the Royal Exchange.
Miss Ramsay. The same box that was brought back by Mr. Baillie, is the property of Mr. Wilkie: It had been in my shop about eight or ten days.


                  James 
                  Ramsay 
               



            . I am brother to Miss Ramsay; I was sent for to her house, there I found the prisoner in the back parlour, and Mr. Baillie with him: I was told, the prisoner had stole this box out of the shop, and Mr. Baillie had brought him back; I got a constable and brought him to the Counter. The next day, I took him before the Alderman at Guildhall; we took the box there; the things were taken out, there were things of great value not mentioned in the indictment, then they were put in again, and the box nailed up again: the prisoner would not speak one word; he would give no answer at all to what was asked him.
Prisoner. When I went to speak, they would not let me; the gentlemen said, I shall have the pleasure to make a day's holiday, to see you hanged.
Mr. Ramsay. He was asked several questions there and at the Compter; he never opened his mouth to speak.
Mr. Baillie. I asked him several questions; he would not make any answer at all.
Prisoner's Defence.
They all said I was a Jew. I was afraid of getting my brains knock'd out, which made me afraid to speak: when I was coming along. I heard a cry, about something being lost; a man slipt by me, and away he ran. The gentleman says, he laid hold of me; it was the mob that laid hold of me.
For the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Hatton 
               



            . I never knew the prisoner before that time, only I saw some part of the affair that night. I was standing at the next shop to Miss Ramsay's, it is a milliner's shop, looking through the glass, having some jeweller's work to sell: there were people in the shop; I saw a man come out of the shop with a slapt hat, and an apron on; he unbuttoned the door and came out, with a box under his arm; and, in about two minutes after, Stop thief was cried out; the mob laid hold of the prisoner: some gentleman was there said, he had drop'd the box on his toes. I saw the man, as soon as he dropt the box, run cross the way again; it was not the prisoner; the prisoner is not the man that I saw come out of the shop with the box.
Q Are you sure of that?
Hatton. I am sure of it: I am sure that man was taller than this man: I saw him unbutton the door, and go in, and button the door again, when he came out.
Q. Are you sure he is not the man?
Hatton. I am sure he is not: that man ran cross the way; I did not see this man before he was taken hold of, and I saw the other man run cross the way when Stop thief was cried.
Q. Do you know Mr. Baillie?
Hatton. No, I do not.
Q. Look at him. (Mr. Baillie stands up.)
Hatton. I think I saw this man among the crowd. I think he had hold of the man at the bar afterwards.
Q. How long after the box was down on the ground, was it the prisoner was laid hold on?
Hatton. It was not above two or three minutes, I believe.
Q. Where was the other man, at the time Stop thief was first called?
Hatton. The man had crossed the way, and, I believe, ran a dozen yards then. - He ran immediately as soon as Stop thief was cried out.
Q. Did you see the prisoner run?
Hatton. I can't say I did.
Q. Do you say you never saw the prisoner before that night?
Hatton. My lord, I never did.
Q. How came you to be known, to give evidence here?
Hatton. I work among the Jews. I am generally at the King's Arms in Hounsditch on a night. While I was telling the story, some of the Jews went out and brought the prisoner's wife in.
Q. Which side of the shop, where the box came out, was the shop you was looking through the window?
Hatton. That is on the right hand of the shop; it is a milliner's shop.

Mr. Ramsay. That shop was shut an hour before that time.
Q. What time of the night was this?
Hatton. It was about 5 o'clock - I think thereabouts.
Mr. Baillie. It was about 7.
Hatton. It could not be 7 o'clock.
Q. Will you venture to swear it was not fix?
Hatton. I will venture to swear it was not.
Q. What day of the week was it?
Hatton. It was a Saturday night, the 18th or 19th of November.


                  Richard 
                  Nash 
               



            . I am a constable. When Mr. Ramsay came to me, it was between 7 and 8 o' clock that night.
Q. to Mr. Ramsay. What time was it when you was sent for to your sister's?
Mr. Ramsay. It was after 7 o'clock: I went out immediately; I went for another man: I met this constable, and carried him with me, and he took hold of the prisoner, and brought him out of the shop directly.
Q. to Baillie. How long had the prisoner been in your custody before Mr. Ramsay came in?
Mr. Baillie. I believe it was about ten minutes; it was rather after 7 o'clock.
Q. to Hatton. Where do you live?
Hatton. I live in Wormwood-street, two doors on the left hand from Bishopsgate-street, by Bishopsgate.
Q. What business do you follow?
Hatton. I work in the filagree way, making things for ladies hair, and dress caps in the fancy way; and I was looking to see it they had the same sort of goods as I had. The shop was not shut indeed, at that time.
Q. to Baillie. Did you observe that shop to be open?
Mr. Baillie. The only shop open was Miss Ramsay's.
Q. to Hatton. Where abouts is this shop you was looking in at?
Hatton. The very next door to where the box came out.


                  Samuel 
                  Levi 
               



            . I have known the prisoner eleven years; he was always very honest to me.


                  Simon 
                  Abraham 
               



            . I have known him between seven and eight years; I never heard a bad character of him in the neighbourhood.
Rose Solomon. I have known him fourteen years; he never wrong'd me of a farthing; and if he should come clear, I would trust him again.


                  Elias 
                  Abraham 
               



            . I have known him between nine and ten years; I never heard any harm of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I am a staymaker, and work for his daughter; I never heard any thing amiss of him.
Q. In what way of life is he?
Taylor. I do not know.


                  Solomon 
                  Barnard 
               



            . I have known him about fourteen years; I have lent him money, 6 or 8 l. and would do the same again, was he clear.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Hatton was committed for perjury on the trial.
