





362. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cook 
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               assaulting 
                     
                        Humphry 
                        Pugh 
                     




                    with a pistol, with a felonious intent to receive his goods and money, against his, Majesty's peace, &c.
            
June 9
. *
Humphry Pugh. As I, my wife, and little boy, were going home on the 9th of last month, going through St. Paul's church-yard, it had just struck 12 o'clock: there were a parcel of young fellows and women of the town quarrelling; we past them, and said nothing to them, nor they to us: I believe the prisoner came from them: I did not see him till we came to the Mansion-house; then he was sometimes by my side, and sometimes by my wife's side, and sometimes a yard before us: I suspected him to be a pick-pocket. When we came a little beyond the end of Devonshire-street, in Bishopsgate-street


, he was about three yards before us; he turned short, and put a pistol towards my breast, and said, D - n you, Sir, I'll blow your brains out. I can't say he asked for my money. I said, Hey! Hey! what is all this? My wife said, For God's sake don't let it off; I'll give you all I have, I thought it a shame to be robbed by such a little urchin as he. (The prisoner appeared not to be above 14 or 15 years of age.) I rush'd upon him, and trip'd up his heels; he threw his hand back, and fell against the side of a house; he recovered himself, and took to his heels, with the pistol in his hand: I ran after him; my wife called, Stop thief, and I the same: a watchman met us, and took him: he was never out of my sight: the watchman took this pistol out of his pocket; ( produced in court) it was charged: he was taken to the watch-house; the constable asked him who he belonged to? he answered. What was that to him? and would give no answer.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am not 14 years of age.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
