






300 (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Walker 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing half a guinea, and eight shillings in money, the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Park 
                     




                   , privately from his person
            , May 30
. +
James Park. I am a labourer
, and lodge by Turnstile, Holborn


. I have known the prisoner about three weeks before the fact was done: he said he was a printer
; he lodged where I did, and lay about six nights with me before this happened. On the 30th of May, my money was in a leather purse, in my pocket, when I went to bed; there was eight shillings and half a guinea: I laid my breeches under my head, and when I awaked about four o'clock, I missed him out of bed, and found the door was locked. I went to see for my money, and it was gone: I made a noise, and somebody came and opened the door: I took the prisoner up in Middle-row, Holborn; and before Justice Fielding he confessed he took my money: he was searched, and but 12 d. 1/2 was found upon him. I asked him what he had done with it? he said he had given 5 s. 3 d. in gold, and 5 s. in silver, to another man.
Prisoner. Pray, Sir, how came you by that money?
Prosecutor. I have had more money than ever you had; I brought that money from my father when I left Ireland. I was just come to London.
Mr. Rock. The prosecutor and prisoner lodged together in my house. Between four and five in the morning, the prosecutor cried out Murder, murder; he was robbed. I got out of bed, and ran out of doors, into the street, thinking somebody wanted to get in; I found it to be in the house: I then went up stairs, and found it to be him; he was locked in: whether he had money to lose, or not, I cannot say.
Q. How long had he lodged in your house?
Rock. About a month: they paid a shilling a week each for their bed.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a printer, and have been but three months in London. I have no friends here: I came from Edinburgh: my master broke there, and I came here to get work.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
