





175 (M.) 
               
                  Jane, wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Spencer 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing a linen apron, value 2 s. and six guineas and a half
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Gallell 
                  




                
            . Feb 12
. ||


                  Stephen 
                  Gallell 
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Cold Bath Fields


; I had lost money at divers times, to the amount of about 12 guineas, out of my chest of drawers; the prisoner was my servant
; the week before last I lost between 6 and 7 l. six guineas I'll swear to; yesterday was a week I took all my money out, only six guineas, in order that I might find out who was the thief; I left five guineas and two half guineas; after which I went out, and when I came back, one of the half guineas were gone. I asked my wife if she had been at the drawer to take money out; she said she had not; my mother said, then call the apprentices, let all stand search. While I was about to send for a constable, the prisoner desired to speak with my wife; I went up stairs to my wife with her; she confessed to the taking the half guinea; I asked her to give it me; she said she had hid it below stairs in the kitchen, and if I would go down with her, she would give it me; we went down; she then pulled off her shoe, and took it out of her shoe, and gave it me; she confessed she had taken it that morning; then I asked her, if she had robbed me before, and told her how much money I had lost.
Q. Did you promise her forgiveness?
Gallell. No, not at all; I only said they should all stand search, and after the half guinea was found, I said if she would confess it, I should have the better opinion of her, and it might be better for the rest of my servants. My wife having lost an apron, looked, and found the prisoner had it on; the prisoner said it was her own; the prisoner declared she had taken no more; I said she should go before the Justice; then she declared she had taken two guineas, and fell on her knees and begged pardon, and said she would make recompence, if I would not take her before a magistrate; I said she should go; I was taking her before Justice Welch; as we were going there, she confessed she had taken six guineas besides the half guinea; we came back, and was going before Justice Girdler; then she wanted me to let her send for some of her friends before I took her before him; her friends would not come nigh her; then I took her before Justice Girdler; there she confessed the same, and had redeemed some of her things out of pawn with part of the money.


                  Anne 
                  Gallell 
               



            . My husband missed money several times; the day before the prisoner was taken up, my husband put six guineas into the drawer, and went out, and when he came home again, there was half a guinea missing.
Q. Did you see him put it in?
A. Gallell. No, I was ill at the time.
Q. Who were in the room the time the money was in the drawer?
A. Gallell. Nobody but my mother, two of our apprentices, and the prisoner; my mother said, they must stand search; a constable was sent for; after that, the prisoner and my husband came up stairs to me; she owned before me to the taking the half guinea.
Q. Did she say how she got at the money?
A. Gallell. She said she got the key, which was hanging up in a different part of the room; my apron she had on at the time; (produced and deposed to) she confessed to the taking it clean out of the drawer, before she went out of the room.
Q. Did your husband promise her to be favourable, in case she would confess?
A. Gallell. My husband did say he would be favourable if she would confess the rest, after she had confessed to the half guinea.


                  John 
                  Fowler 
               



            . I am the constable; as we were going to the Justice's, the prisoner confessed to me, she had taken a couple of guineas out of her master's drawer; I said, your master says he has lost more; then she said she had taken six guineas; she begged her master would give her leave to send for her friends; he took her home, and she sent for her friends, and they did not come; then we took her to Justice Girdler.
Q. Was any thing said to her to prevail with her to confess?
Fowler. No, not as I heard.
Prisoner's defence.
When the half guinea was found upon me, my master told me if I would confess any more, he would clear me directly; then I owned to six guineas.
The prosecutor, his wife, and his mother being all asked. declared there was no pro of savour made the prisoner, till after the half guinea was found.
Q. to prosecutor. What was done with the key of the drawer when it was locked?
Prosecutor. The key generally hung up in the room where the drawers are, it being more handy for my wife; I did not know that any body in the house besides knew of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
