





245 (L.) 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Carrington 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one guinea
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Lewis 
                     Combecrose 
                  




                
            , Dec. 31
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Potts 
               



            , Esq. I am comptroller of the Post-office. The prisoner has been employed in the Post-office this nine years.
Q. In what capacity?
Potts. As a sorter


Q. Have you several houses about town, that receives letters for the office?
Potts We have.
Q. Have you one in Coventry-street?
Potts. We have; there is a person that collects all, receives bags, and brings them to our office.
Q. May it not happen, that these letters might come into the prisoner's hands.
Potts. It might naturally happen so.
Q. When a letter is put into that office in Coventry-street, do you consider it, as put into your own office in Lombard-street?
Potts. Yes, we do, as much as if put into that.
Q. Must those people in that situation the prisoner is in, have all the letters come thro' their hands?
Potts. They might not all fall into the prisoner's hands; this particular letter might fall into his hand.
Q. Can you tell that it did?
Potts. No, I cannot; there are several of them, and they take them away to sort them. The prisoner might come by this letter after it was sorted.


                  Lewis 
                  Combecrose 
               



            . I put a letter into an office, in Coventry-street, directed to Mrs. Sherlong, (be produced a letter) this is it, there was a guinea sealed up in it. I went to Mr. Lloyd, in Coventry-street, and he sealed it up for me, after the guinea was in it; and he was by when I put it into the office.
Q. Is there any mention in the letter of a guinea being sent.


                  Lewis 
                  Combecrose 
               



            . There is; Mrs. Sherlong's husband was gone abroad, and desired me to send her a guinea, which I did, and desired an answer by the next post; but I never received an answer to it. But I wrote to her afterwards, and she sent word she had not received any letter, nor guinea neither. [The letter read in court, dated December 31, 1761.] These words part of it, [I have sent inclosed a guinea] Directed to Mrs. Sherlong, &c. Portsmouth-point, or elsewhere.


                  John 
                  Lloyd 
               



            . I was along with Mr. Combecrose, when he put the guinea into the letter, I saw it enclosed; my father sealed the letter, and I saw him put it in the Post-office, opposite where I live, in Coventry-street. (He looks at the Letter.) I know Mr. Combecrose's handwriting, this is his writing, it was put in the office on a bye-night, on a Wednesday, and a penny was put in with it.


                  David 
                  Wishart 
               



            . I live at the Post-office, Coventry-street. I receive the letters that are brought in there, and make up the bag, and seal it, every night at nine o'clock; a man comes from the office in Lombard street, on purpose to collect them, to carry them there; I constantly do send them so.
Q. Do you know a letter that came from your office?
Wishart. I do, for if they came from my office, there is the initial letters of my name upon them all.
Q. Look at this letter. (He takes it in his hand.]
Wishart. This has the initial letters of my name upon it. This I sent with others sealed up as usual to the Post-office, by one that is imployed on purpose to fetch them.


                  George 
                  Oxleade 
               



            . On monday the 7th of this month, I was sent to the house of Carrington, the prisoner at the bar, with others belonging to the office, to search his drawers.
Q. What are you?
Oxleade. I belong to the Post office.
Q. Where was the prisoner at that time?
Oxleade. I believe he was committed to Newgate, by justice Fielding. I went with an order from Mr. Carrington, to his wife, for her to let me (the bearer) search his drawers. I told his wife the affair, and shewed her the note from her husband. She began to search a bureau in the kitchen, and said, she had not the key of the upper part of it; but we searched all the other drawers. She then went up stairs, and shewed us every drawer and place above; we found nothing; she said, she was very sure there were no letters at her house. I said, it was very material to break the upper part of the bureau. She said, her husband had the key of it. A person with me told her, her husband said, she had the key. She said, she had a key that would unlock it sometimes, but at that time it would not; and said, I was very welcome to break it open if I pleased. She took up a pair of scissars, and tried to pick the lock. I pulled out a bunch of keys, I had in my pocket, and with one I opened the lock. As soon as it was open, I saw a great number of letters lying, and among them, I found this letter here produced. I marked the initial letters of my name upon it, ( Here they are.)
Q. In what situation was it?
Oxleade. It was open as it is now. I put this and others in a handkerchief, and carried them to Mr. Potts, in Pall-mall, and there Mr. Potts and I looked them over, and found this, and several others, had had money inclosed in them; it never was out of my custody till now, from the time I took it out of the bureau.
Q. How can you tell it appears to have money in it?
Oxleade. It mentions to have money in it in the letter, a guinea.
Q. Are your certain there was no money in it, when you found it in the bureau?
Oxleade. I am certain there was not any.
Q. Who were by at the time?
Oxleade. There were two people, Mr. Wright and Mr. Griffin.
Q. What was the purport of the note you carried with you?
Oxleade. The note was, Mrs. Carrington, let the bearers search my drawers, as I have the misfortune to be in custody.
Q. to Mr. Potts. Did he say what part of the drawers?
Mr. Potts. It was mentioned to Mr. Fielding, that his house should be searched. Mr. Fielding said, he could give an order for it; but if Mr. Carrington would do it voluntary, it would be best. Mr. Carrington said, with all my heart; and he appeared so little concerned in his condition, that one would imagine he was innocent. He sent a note to his wife, desiring she would let those people examine his drawers. We said, Mr. Carrington, will you not send your keys. He said, I have no keys, my wife has all of them.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did he make any scruple at all about it?
Mr. Potts. No, he made none at all.
Q. Did he send the key of the upper part of his bureau?
Mr. Potts. No, he did not.


                  William 
                  Griffin 
               



            . I was in company with Mr. Oxleade, and Mr. Wright, at the searching the bureau; I saw it opened by one of Mr. Oxleade's keys; there I saw a great number of letters, I cannot tell the quantity. Mr. Oxleade took them out, and tied them up in a handkerchief, and brought them away.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did his wife assist in the opening the upper part of the bureau?
Griffin. She did attempt to open it, and desired us to break it open.



                  John 
                  Wright 
               



            . I was at the searching the prisoner's lodgings; I saw the bureau opened, and a great quantity of letters taken out.


                  Thomas 
                  Pecup 
               



            . I am employed by the Post-office to receive bags from the Receiving-office.
Q. Whether those letters you receive from Mr. Wishart's office you carry instantly to the Post-office?
Pecup. Mr. Wishart has a seal with the two first letters of his name; before I take the bag, it is sealed with it. I have 11 Receiving-offices. I give the bags to the receiver, and then I have authority to cut them open; and 'till that is done, I have no authority to open them. I carry all to the Post-office, and never concealed any bag. The letters that might come into Mr. Carrington's hands, are those. Mr. Wishart puts the letters that are paid, with the money, into a piece of paper in the bag; and when I cut them open on a bye-night, I throw them over for Mr. Carrington to open the paper, if he was on duty that night, to see if they agree with the receiver's accounts. The letters that are not paid for, are emptied, to be stamped; the others are put separate, and the money with them. The person that sorts them, tosses them over the table to the person that takes them in at the window. Carrington was a person at the window at the time. The person at the window is a sorter.
Q. Was you employed in December last to carry in letters from the office in Coventry-street?
Pecup. I was, I am sure of that, the whole month; but cannot tell whether Carrington was upon duty the night I carried this letter.
Mr. Potts. Carrington certainly was upon duty, because there is his hand-writing that morning; and he could have no leave to be absent, without leave from me; he would have run the risque of being suspended, was he to be away.
Q. Look at the superscription; suppose that letter had been carried to Portsmouth, would it have had a farther mark upon it?
Mr. Potts. It would have had the stamp of the day of the month upon it.
Q. Is that stamp upon it now?
Mr. Potts. No, it is not; we put the stamp of the day of the month upon every letter.
Q. In the course of the vast hurry of business, where the stamper stamps very fast, does not the stamp sometimes miss the impression?
Mr. Potts. It may; here is not the least appearance of a stamp upon this.
Q. Whether it does not happen sometimes that letters are not touched at all?
Mr. Potts. It does happen sometimes.
Q. What was the prisoner's character in the office?
Mr. Potts. I never heard he was dishonest before this affair; but his character was between idle, and given to liquors.
Q. Did he hear the character of a honest man before this?
Mr. Potts. I cannot say he did, for he has been a suspected person for a year past, and has been watched.
Q. Is it customary, in this case, where you have an officer that you suspect, to dismiss him?
Mr. Potts. No, not till we have a sufficient proof that he is a dishonest person. There was a case where his honesty was called in question; but it was not clear, so as to discharge him; since that he has been very narrowly watched.
Q. to Oxlede. Where are the other letters you took from the prisoner's bureau?
Oxlede. They are at the Post-office, I have one of them here. [ Producing it.]
Q. to Mr. Potts. Look at this other letter; if this letter had gone out of your office, would it not have a stamp upon it?
Mr. Potts. This should have gone to Spithead; Carrington received the money himself; the figures appear like his hand-writing; they are marked afterwards; but this has no stamps upon it. This letter certainly never went out of his hands, after he received the money for it. It would have had two stamps on it, had it gone out of our office; one on the back, and the other on the front; the paid stamp, and the other.
Q. to Oxlede. Where had you this letter?
Oxlede. I had this with the others out of his bureau.
Q. to Mr. Potts. Whether you really believe the first letter was ever sent out of the Post-office?
Mr. Potts. I really think it never did go.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
For the Prisoner.
Kendall Marchant. I have known the prisoner ever since he has been in the Post-office; I have belonged to the Post-office longer than he; I never suspected the least affair of him, 'till this affair happened; his general character has been that of an honest man.
Q. What is your employ at the office?

Marchant. I am an inspector of the letter carriers.


                  Jacob 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I have known him about nine years, during which time his character always appeared to me to be very honest; I have heard his character was suspected, and was enquired into, but nothing appeared; and I have been told, he has been very diligently inspected into since that time.


                  John 
                  Haines 
               



            . I have known him six years.
Q. What are you?
Haines. I belong to the Post-office, the prisoner always bore a very honest character.


                  James 
                  Petoe 
               



            . I have known him about seven years, to the best of my knowledge, I never heard but he is an honest man.


                  Jonas 
                  Mills 
               



            . I knew him when he first came out of the country, I never heard to the contrary but what he bears a very honest character.


                  Thomas 
                  Brown 
               



            . I have known him about nine years, ever since he belonged to the Post-office, I never heard but that he was a very honest man.


                  John 
                  Cox 
               



            . I have known him about six years, his general character is that of a very honest man.
Mr. Mason. I have known him about five years and a half; his behaviour has always been very well; I have had dealings with him, he always paid me very honestly, and has the character of an honest man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


