






484. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Brown 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 64 lb. weight of butter, value 27 s. and one wooden cask, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Strange 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     More 
                  



                
            , Oct. 4
. +
At the request of the prisoner the witnesses were examined apart.


                  James 
                  Strange 
               



            . I am a cheesemonger

 in Bishopsgate-street


, in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  More 
               



            ; on the fourth of October in the evening. I was sitting in the counting-house, 
               
                  James 
                  Oxley 
               



             called out, Sir, Sir; I stepped out, he had hold of the prisoner at the bar, who had got a firkin of butter; I ordered him to take him into the warehouse, which he did, and I sent for a constable; he was taken to the Compter.
Q. What was the weight of the butter?
Strange. The gross weight was eighty-seven pounds, the butter was sixty four pounds; he begged for mercy, and said he was very poor.
Q. Did you know him before?
Strange. I never saw him before to my knowledge.


                  James 
                  Oxley 
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors, Mess More and Strange; last Saturday was a fortnight I saw the prisoner with a firkin of butter in his hand in our cellar; I took him before he got it on his shoulder: I took him into the shop, and sent for a constable.
Q. from the prisoner. Did you not hear me say a man offered me a pint of beer to fetch it up?
Oxley. No, I did not.


                  Martha 
                  Butter 
               



            . I live at Mr. More's; I was sent on an errand out at the door, and as I came back again, I saw the prisoner go down into the cellar and take a firkin of butter, and came up with it; I called to Oxley, the porter, and told him of it, and he went and took him directly; he was carried into the warehouse till a constable was sent for.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
To his character.


                  John 
                  Townshend 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about four years.
Q. What is his general character?
Townshend. I know very little of his character; he has dealt with my father for shoes; he is a weaver by trade.


                  Thomas 
                  Fisher 
               



            . I have known him two or three years; I never heard any harm of him; I don't know a great deal of him.


                  Peter 
                  Beef 
               



            . I have known him five or six years; he worked along with me six or seven months; he is a weaver by trade in the silk way; he has been out of work six or seven weeks.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
