





180. (M.) 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hill 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing four hempen aprons, value 1 s. one pair of man's shoes, value 6 s. two quarter guineas, and one shilling and four-pence halfpenny, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        French 
                     



                   ; one silk handkerchief, value 18 d. and one pair of worsted stockings, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Richardson 
                  



               
            , January 30
. +


                  John 
                  French 
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Cox a brewer. I lost four sacking aprons, a pair of new shoes, and 13 s. in money, three weeks ago last Friday night. The next morning I found the prisoner within an hundred yards from where I lodge, with the four aprons tied about his body, and my shoes on his feet; he had lodged six or seven nights in the room where I do; there is my name wrote by the maker in the inside the shoes, (the aprons and shoes produced and deposed to;) there were two 5 s. 3 d. pieces, and a 6 d. and some halfpence found upon him, a pair of stockings and a silk handkerchief, which 
               
                  William 
                  Richardson 
               



            's wife has owned, she is not here.
Prisoner's defence.
I was got a little in liquor; I went up stairs and pulled off my wet things; the next morning I went into a shop and had some bread and cheese, and found I had put these things on by mistake.
He called 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Williams 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Tompkinson 
               



            , and 
               
                  Anne 
                  Hill 
               



            , his brother's wife, who gave him the character of an honest man, and when in liquor was apt to be disordered in his mind.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
