





122. (L.) 
               
                  Ann 
                  wife
 of Joshua Richmond


            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pewter dish, val. 5 s. three other pewter dishes, val. 10 s. one pewter plate, and three pewter ink-stands
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , spinster
, and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Gibson 
                  



                
            , widow
, Feb. 7
. *


                  Elizabeth 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I am a pewterer
, in partnership with 
               
                  Ann 
                  Smith 
               



            ; about a month or 5 weeks ago I missed some ink-stands and dishes, about a fortnight after I missed some more; the second time I missed some, I advised with a neighbour what to do, he advised me to set a watch: on the Saturday before the prisoner was taken ( which was on a Monday) was the first of my setting a watch; on the Monday I missed a large dish; Charles Dunlop, whom I set to watch, saw her take it, he went and brought her back with it; then I went for a constable; she confest she had robbed me 3 times, and had pawn'd the goods: the constable went by her direction, and brought the goods to my shop, and carried her and them before my Lord-Mayor. (Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Charles 
                  Dunlop 
               



            . I was set to watch; on the Monday the woman went twice by the door, and the third time she came in; I was sitting in a closet, and looked through a sash window; at first she came in about half the length of the counter, then she came on to the end of the counter, and took a dish, and clapt it under her arm, and went out directly; I followed her, she went into a baker's shop, then I charged her; she delivered the dish to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dennis 
               



            , Mr. Gibson's apprentice, who went with me.


                  Thomas 
                  Dennis 
               



             confirmed the account given by the last witness.


                  George 
                  Curtoice 
               



            . On the 22d of Jan. last the prisoner brought 3 ink-stands to pawn, she said they were her husband's, and that he was a maker of them, and lived in the Minories; after that the constable came and demanded them, and I delivered them to him.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence, but called 
               
                  John 
                  Wilson 
               



            , who had known her 20 years. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hornby 
               



             25, 
               
                  John 
                  Thorn 
               



            , as long as he has known any body, 
               
                  Francis 
                  Lawley 
               



             almost 4, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Pugh 
               



             and Mrs. Keys from an infant, Mrs. Lewis 7, and Mrs. Ludford 8 or 9 years, all which gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
