





596. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Segware 
                  , otherwise 
Fowler




            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing a coloured linen gown, value 5 s. a silk and stuff gown, value 5 s. a blue silk gown, value 5 s. a yellow silk gown, value 5 s. a silk petticoat, value 8 s. two white petticoats, value 5 s. two black silk cloaks, value 10 s. a cardinal, value 5 s. a linen bed-gown, value 2 s. a pink and black stuff gown, value 2 s. 6 d. a pair of linen sheets, value 5 s. two linen tablecloths, value 5 s. five white aprons, value 5 s. a striped muslin apron, value 5 s. a coloured silk handkerchief, value 1 s. a muslin handkerchief, value 2 s. a crape gown, value 2 s. a coloured cotton handkerchief, value 1 s. two yards and a half of purple and white linen, value 2 s. a pair of women's black leather shoes, a pair of women's purple and white shoes, three pair of stockings, a silver tea-spoon, seven linen shifts, two damask napkins, and one flat iron
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Jarvis 
                  




               
            , spinster
, Sept. 17
. +


                  Catherine 
                  Jarvis 
               



            . I live by the Rolls in Chancery-lane


; I was lame of the palsy, and could not get into the room where these things were; the prisoner was my nurse
, she went from me on Saturday last; and left that door locked; I was forced to get a smith to open the door; then the things laid in the indictment were missing ( mentioning them by name;) I had her taken up, and upon being charged, she owned she had taken and pawned them; they were found again, all but one sheet and some odd things, at a pawnbroker's, by her direction.


                  Paul 
                  Holloway 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, I live in West Harding-street, Fetter-lane; the prisoner brought these things, and pledged them with me at above twenty different times (the things produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutrix.)
Mr. Wassells, who was at the taking the prisoner, deposed to her confession, and finding the things at the pawnbroker's.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
