





191. (L) 
               
                  Eleanor, wife
 of - Lloyd


            , was indicted for 


               stealing one quilted petticoat, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Halley 
                  




                
            , June 12
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Halley 
               



            . My husband was a very bad man, and I took a garret in Bear-alley, by the side of Fleet-market.
Q. What is your husband's name?
M. Halley. His name is 
               
                  William 
                  Halley 
               



            , the prisoner lodged in the same house where I did, in a two pair of stairs room. I went out on a Sunday with a quilted petticoat on. I took it off at coming home, and put it down upon three linnen gowns on a shelf in my room, and put a silk and stuff gown upon it, and white under petticoat to keep the dust from it. I had a trunk lent me on the Friday following, which was the 12th of this instant, then I missed the petticoat. I mentioned it to my landlady, she said, she believed the prisoner had taken it, for she had been drunk all the week. The next morning I met the prisoner. I keep a shop in the New market, I said to her, you have got my petticoat, and have pawned it; tell me where it is, and I will fetch it out. Said she, give me the money and I will fetch it. I said, what is it pawned for? Said she, for six shillings. She said, if you will let me have six shillings, I will fetch it. I would not then. She gave me a paper, and I went with it, and saw my petticoat where she directed me; the pawnbroker's name is Harbin.
Q. from prisoner. Did not you lend me the petticoat?
M. Halley. No, I never did.


                  Agnes 
                  Harbin 
               



            . I lent the prisoner at the bar five shillings upon this petticoat. [ Producing one, and deposed to by the prosecutrix.]
Q. When was it pledged with you?
A. Harbin. It was pledged with me on the 7th of June, and the 13th the prosecutrix demanded it again. She came with one of our duplicates, which we give the person that leaves things, and I shewed it to her.
Prisoner's defence.
I found that petticoat on the stairs, she came and asked me for it. I said, I had pledg'd it, and would get it again as soon as I had done my gooseberries. She said, she would lay down the money to fetch it. I have not a friend in the world.



               Guilty
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


