






417, 418. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Curtis 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Wilkinson 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 18 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Mills 
                  




                
            . June 17
. ++


                  Robert 
                  Mills 
               



            . Coming down Fleet-street


, the 17th of June, betwixt nine and ten at night, below Fetter-lane, I was informed a man had taken my handkerchief out of my pocket, and he would shew me the man; he went with me, and we took the prisoners by St. Dunstan's church; we charged them with it; Wilkinson took the handkerchief, and I saw him drop it down behind him; I took it up: (Produced and deposed to); here is my name upon it. I told Wilkinson I saw him drop it; he denied it: I cannot say when I had it last. 
               
                  John 
                  Lee 
               



             told me of it the minute it was done.


                  John 
                  Lee 
               



            . I was coming home, through Fleet-street, that Sunday night, and saw the two prisoners following the gentleman; they turned back after him at Temple-bar: he there met them; then I thought they were about no good, and I watched them. I observed Curtis take the handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket, and put it behind him in his hand, for about half a minute, and Wilkinson took it out of his hand, and put it into his pocket: then I went and told the gentleman: he and I went on the other side the way; then at St. Dunstan's church we took hold of them. I saw Wilkinson take the handkerchief, and shuffle about, and let it fall by his feet.
The prisoners said they did not know their trial was to come on so soon, and had not their witnesses ready.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
