





401. (M) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Bridgman 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one stuff gown, value 3 s. one linen gown, value 3 s. one wooden tea-chest, value 3 s. three tin canisters, value 6 d. six silver tea-spoons, value 10 s. and one silver strainer, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Francis 
                  




                
            , August 21
. ++


                  Elizabeth 
                  Francis 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Francis 
               



            ; we live in Wardour-street, St. Anne's


. On the 21st of August I had been backward into the yard; when I returned, I perceived the prisoner going out at the street door; I seeing both my parlour doors stood open, I missed my tea-chest; I looked out at the street door, and saw the prisoner running cross the way; I called to a man that was by her, to stop her; he did; she told him she had only been quarrelling, and he let her go; she ran down a place where was no thoroughfare; I went to her; I took my two gowns out of her apron, which she had taken from my back room; I took the tea-chest from her, with the canisters, spoons, and strainer in it. She owned to the taking the things, and swore in a very bad manner, and said she would have taken every thing she could lay her hands on, had she had time.
Prisoner's defence.
I never took the things out of the house; I saw a woman come out of the house with a child sucking at her breast; she throwed them down, and I took them up and put them in my lap.
Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner you saw in the house?
Prosecutrix. I am; I never lost sight of her till she was taken.
To her character.


                  John
               


             M'Grew.
Prosecutrix. This man told me he was her husband.
M'Grew. The prisoner is not my wife; I have known her some years; I heard she kept company with a vile woman, so I licked her.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
