






211. 212. (M) 
               
                  Jemima, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Newman 
                     







            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife
 of 
                     
                        John 
                        Ingram 
                     







            , were indicted for 


               stealing six yards of German lawn, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Saunders 
                  




                
            , June 20
.


                  William 
                  Saunders 
               



            . On Saturday last, the two prisoner, came to my shop (I live in Radcliffe-high-way


) they said they wanted to buy some Howered lawn; they staid about a quarter of an hour, and went away, and in about two hours came again; then they wanted some plain lawn. While they were buying it, 
               
                  William 
                  Pearson 
               



            , a servant of mine, informed me that one of them had got a piece of cloth under her arm, which was Ingram. [She was the purchaser.] I desired him to take no notice, but leave it to me. They went both out of the shop about three minutes after. I followed them out, and desired them to walk back. When they were in the shop, I threatened to send for a constable to have them searched. While I was doing that, some of the people said, She has dropped it; that was Ingram. Then the other prisoner took it up, and put it upon the counter. Then I threatened them, and turned them out of the shop, desiring them to come there no more. After they were gone, I recollected they had been in the shop before; I went after them again.
Q. How far had they got that time?
Saunders. I believe they had got about 300 yards. Soon after they had got into the shop, Ingram dropped a piece of clear-lawn, while I had her by the arm. Then I sent for an officer, and had them committed.
Q. Where did it drop from?
Saunders. It dropped, I believe, from her petticoats; I felt it by my leg. [Produced in court.] It is German lawn, there is about seven yards and a half of it, my property.
Q. What do you know it by?
Saunders. I know it by my book-keeper's writing upon it; and likewise by the mark that I put upon it, after it was found.
Q. Had they looked upon such lawn in your shop?
Saunders. They had looked upon lawn of the same sort, I believe Ingram bought a small quantity of the same.


                  Daniel 
                  Brooks 
               



            . I was sixteen years of age last old Christmas-day; I saw my master, the prosecutor, bring the two prisoners in the second time; and when they were in the shop, I saw Ingram put her hand under her petticoat; and after that I saw this piece of lawn drop from out of her petticoats, it fell upon a piece of red buys.


                  William 
                  Pearson 
               



            . I live with Mr. Saunders, I saw Ingram with this piece of figured lawn under her cloak, [produced in court] and informed my master of it.
Q. Was you in the shop when they were brought back the second time?
Pearson. I was, but I was in a different part of the shop.
Q. Did you see it fall?
Pearson. No, I did not.


                  Mary 
                  Gainey 
               



            . I was in Mr. Saunders's shop at the time he wanted to take the prisoner Ingram to the body of the shop; but she would not go that way, but went towards a piece of red bays, and stood close by it. I had before been by it, there was no lawn upon it when I first saw it; when she stood there, I saw the lawn laying upon the bays.
Q. Did you see it fall?
M. Gainey. No, I did not, the boy stood more proper to see it fall than I did; but I know there was none there before.
Ingram's Defence.
I went into the shop to buy a quarter of a yard of lawn; I bought it, and paid for it; I went out of the shop; I did not intend to take any thing; I took nothing but what was my own; the other stuck to my cloaths.
Newman's Defence.
I came to London to buy my husband two files in the Minories, going along I met Mrs. Ingram; she shewed me a bit of lawn; I went in, and had a quarter of a yard of the same lawn. After we came out the gentleman followed us, and brought us back again; she opened her cloaths, and said she had nothing; he took her by the arm, and pulled up a bit of lawn, and said she had robbed him of it. I am innocent, and know nothing of it.
For the prisoners.


                  Mary 
                  Celey 
               



            . I live in Poplar, I know both the prisoners, and have done nine or ten years.
Q. What is Ingram's character?
M. Celey. It is very good, she is a very honest, sober person; in an honest way of getting her bread; she goes a washing.
Q. What is Newman's character?
M. Celey. She has a good character too, I never heard to the contrary; they both lived in the same house, and are acquainted with each other.
Newman 

               Acquitted
            , Ingram 

               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


