





10. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kennick 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver table-spoon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Baker 
                  




                
            , November 24
. ++.


                  Thomas 
                  Baker 
               



            . I am a victualler
; I live at the corner of Fetherstone-street, Bunhill-row


; the prisoner came to my house and called for a private room; he ordered a mug of home-brew'd ale, then he called for a sheet of paper and a pen and ink; there were three table-spoons in a closet in the room, which had no lock to it, it fastened with a button; he was quite a stranger to me; I observ'd him, as he could not see me, I saw him go twice to the closet and open it, and the third time he took out one of the spoons and put it in his right-hand coat pocket, and fastened the door with the button; then he came to the door, and said, Landlord give me change, and gave me a shilling; I went to the closet and found one of the spoons was gone; the prisoner went to make his escape without his change; I stept to him and said, Sir, you have not got your change; said he, it does not signify, I'll call again: I took him by the coat, and said, You have got one of my silver spoons in your pocket; he took it out of his pocket and put it down, and went down on his knees and begg'd I would not prosecute him, and said he would leave his coat and waistcoat behind him, if I would let him go about his business: I sent for a constable and secured him.
[The Constable deposed to the Prisoner's acknowledging he had taken the spoon.]
Prisoner's defence.
I had been in Spittle-fields, and wanted to write a letter; I went to Mr. Baker's house, he desired me to walk into the parlour; I did, and called for a tankard of beer; there were some crumbs of bread in the beer, the closet happen'd to be a-jar, I open'd it, there were four silver spoons, I took one of them in order to take the crumbs out of the beer, I laid it down on the table, I had it in my hand when I called Mr. Baker to give me change.
Q. to prosecutor. Are you sure he had not the spoon open in his hand?
Prosecutor. He had concealed it in his pocket, and had the door in his hand; and when I mentioned it, I saw him take it out of his pocket.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
