






246. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Bartholomew 
                     Savage 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Collins 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing one hand saw, value 2 s. one head plane, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Horner 
                        



                      
                  ; one plow plane, one stock and bitt, value 6 s. one trying plane, one moving pillaster, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Leddell 
                        



                      
                  ; one hand saw, one plow plane, one rabbit plane, one O G plane, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Livesay 
                        



                      
                  ; one plow plane, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lions 
                        



                      
                  ; one hand saw, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Curry 
                        



                      
                  ; one tennant saw
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel Henshaw 
                     Trurable 
                  



               
            , August 10
.


                  Christopher 
                  Horner 
               



            . I was at work at Farmer street, Shadwell; I lost a hand saw, and a head plain, on the 10th of August; I know nothing of my own knowledge who took them; I saw them again, and swore to them before justice Fielding.


                  James 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am an officer (he produc'd the saw and plane)
Horner. These are my property, and what I lost at that time.
Jones. I found these tools in the room of one 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Nash 
               



            , in Turnmill-street, Clarkenwell; she declar'd before justice Fielding they were brought into her room one sunday morning by the 2 prisoners at the bar; it was by the information of the prisoners that the things were found, after they were taken up; Savage was first taken up on the account of other tools.
Q. What did you find in 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Nash 
               



            's room?
Jones. I found 2 hand saws, one pannel saw, one jack plane, one O G plane, one smoothing plane, one bead plane, one rabbit plane, and I think one turkey oil stone, but I am not sure of that.
Q. What did Collins say?
Jones. He confess'd to another bag of tools that I found in Swan alley, at a pawnbroker's; they both said they were parties concerned; there I found an axe, a chissel, a trying plane, a moving planter, one O G plane, a hollow plane, a rabbit plane, and a head plane.
Q. Did Savage confess he was concern'd in taking these tools?
Jones. He did, in my hearing; they confess'd both of them before the justice that they took the things; they did not name the owners names, but mentioned the places where they took them from.


                  James 
                  Leddell 
               



            . I lost a plow plane, a stock and bitt, an oil stone, a trying plane, a moving pillaster, a bead plane, and a chissel (produc'd in court, and depos'd to.)
Q. Did you hear the prisoner confess any thing?
Leddell. I heard Collins say he broke in at the door at one of the places; and I heard Savage own he was at the taking the things mentioned; but Collins said, he only took things at the last time they went.
Q. Where did you hear this?
Leddell. At justice Quarrill's.
Q. What things did you lose the first time?
Leddell. The plow, the stock and bitt, oil stone and bead plane.
Savage's Defence.
These things that they found in my lodgings I do not know how they come there; it is an open room, I had no room to myself, I had no lock or key upon any thing.
Collins's Defence.
I know nothing at all about the things.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


