





536. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Rous 
                  



               
            , Spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing six ounces of silk, value 9 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Colmer 
                  




                
            , September 4
. ++


                  Henry 
                  Colmer 
               



            . I live in Great Pearl-street Spittal fields


, and am a weaver
. I delivered to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Harris 
               



             upwards of two pounds of silk: on the 4th of September she came to me and asked me if I would prosecute the prisoner? she brought the silk home; there wanted more than six ounces, but I have laid the indictment for only six ounces. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Harris 
               



             can give a farther account.
Marry Harris. The prisoner came into my house to see a child of mine that lay dying: she would treat me with a dram, she said, if I would go for it; I went for a quartern of gin; (this was the fourth of September) when I returned I miss'd three knots of silk: I went to her and told her, if she would return it, there should be no farther trouble; she called me names, and wondered I could say such a thing: after that she owned that she took the silk and gave it to another woman.


                  Rachel 
                  Weller 
               



            . Mrs. Rous took and put some silk under my cloak, and said she wanted to get something for her children.
Q. When was this?
R. Weller. This was the same night that she took it. I carried and sold it for her for half a crown and three-pence. I had no money for it that night.
Q. Who did you sell it to?
R. Weller. I sold it to Mr. Merryman. It was known the next day, and the officer went with me to his house, and he gave me the half crown and three-pence, and I delivered the money into the officer's hands.
Prisoner. Who is my prosecutor?
Court. Mr. Colmer is.
Prisoner's Defence.
I picked it up between the door and the entry, and gave it to that woman; she said, she knew what to do with it; for, my Lord, she is an old offender; she had a shilling that night, and the next morning she went for the rest of the money.
For the prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Satchwell 
               



            . I know the prisoner; she is a distant relation; we are not particularly acquainted; I believe she used to pawn silk; she was always very honest as far as ever I heard. I believe she is very poor.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
