






148, 149. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bunyard 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Price 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               breaking the dwelling house of Harbin Elderton, and stealing 24 yards of silk for handkerchiefs, value 24 s. the goods of the said 
                     
                        Harbin 
                        Elderton 
                     




                   , in the said dwelling house
            , February 8
. *
Harbin Elderton. I am a haberdasher and hosier
, and live in Bishopgate-street


. Yesterday was fortnight, about six in the evening, I was coming out of my parlour, my apprentice said, the thieves were at the window, that had been there before (we suspected some fellows that had been at the window the Monday before) I gave a look, being within a foot of the door, and saw Bunyard take some goods through the glass, and run away with them: candles were lighted in the shop, I went to the window, and found a bit of glass broke out, and some goods gone, I cannot swear to all that was taken; I asked my apprentice if he had seen the thieves? he said, he had; and said, he should know them again: then I thought it necessary to be a little upon the watch, in case they should return. In less than five minutes, Bunyard returned, and took the residue through the hole; he put his hand in, and pulled them out. I saw him move with them in his hand from the window: I followed him immediately. In his running, I cry'd, Stop thief: he ran against a woman, knocked her down, and fell over her; I had not lost sight of him. He was taken, brought back, and committed; he had conveyed the goods away. I can swear he is the man that put his hand in, and took goods out. My goods were taken up by a person and brought into the shop; the prisoner said, he heard the cry, Stop thief, and he ran, in order to catch the thief, and so he fell down. I saw no man running but him, nor none by him, when he took out the goods. (The goods produced.) These are my property, and were lying by the glass which they had broke, within the shop. He told me, he was a watch engraver.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Brittain 
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutor. He sent me to the Compter, to see whether I should know the prisoner, Price; I looked through the rails, and saw all the prisoners together; as soon as I saw Price, I knew him; I believe he is the man I saw with Bunyard, on Wednesday night, when these handkerchiefs were lost. I saw him at the shop window; I cannot swear particularly to Bunyard, but I believe upon my oath, Price was one of the two. I heard the other say, which I suppose to be Bunyard. Where is Joe? at the window, just before the handkerchiefs were taken.


                  Nathaniel 
                  Elbone 
               



            . Yesterday fortnight, I was going through Bishopsgate-street, about 20 yards from the prosecutor's door, I heard the prisoner, Bunyard, hallow out, Stop thief. There was a gentlewoman, she not giving way, he knock'd her down, and fell over her, and I laid hold of him: the prosecutor came up, and said, he had robbed him of some handkerchiefs, from his shop window. The prisoner said, he was running after a thief that was gone before: there was no other person past me, but the prisoner. As I had hold of his collar, I saw him pull his hand out of his pocket; I said, are you going to pull any thing out? he took his hand out; I did not see any thing fall; but in about ten minutes after he was in the prosecutor's shop, the handkerchiefs were brought in by a stranger.
Bunyard's Defence.
I was going past the shop, and heard the gentleman run out, and cry, Stop thief: a man ran; he was within three yards of me. I should have laid hold of him, but a woman was in my way; I ran against her, and threw her down, and fell myself. Then they came and took hold of me: the man ran down Spittal-square. I live in Cross-lane, High-Holborn, and can earn a guinea and a half a week. I was going to meet one 
               
                  James 
                  More 
               



            , at the Coach and Horses, in Shoreditch, the house of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Swift 
               



            .
Bunyard 


               guilty of Felony only
            . 


               T
            .
Price 

               Acquitted
            .
See Bunyard tried before, No. 366. in last mayoralty.
