





430. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Vaughan 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Atkins 
                  




                
            , June 15
. ++


                  James 
                  Atkins 
               



            . Coming down Fleet-street


, on the other side St. Brides's church, on the 15th of last month, about half an hour after nine in the evening, there were two or three people assembled together; before I came to them I buttoned my pocket, and put in my watch chain; as I came by the prisoner took my handkerchief out of my pocket, I turned and saw it in his hand, as well as felt his hand in my pocket; I catched him by the collar, I saw him sting it behind him into the kennel; I went to stoop to pick it up, upon my stooping he got away from me; I recovered myself, and ran after him down Black-horse-alley into Fleet-market; he fell down at the corner going into Field-lane, there I catched him; he was never out of my sight; I had left my handkerchief upon the ground, and desired the people to take care of it; when I went to see for it, it was gone; it was a red and white striped one, I am positive it was my handkerchief.


                  John 
                  Boyden 
               



            . The prosecutor and I were coming down Fleet-street together; we stopped to see what was the matter; he said somebody had picked his pocket, and turned about and took hold of the prisoner by the collar; I saw his handkerchief in the prisoner's hand, and saw it also fall in the kennel; Mr. Atkins stooped to pick it up; the prisoner took the advantage to slip away, he went down Black-house-alley into Fleet-market, and at the corner of Field-lane we took him, and had him to the watch-house.
Q. What sort of a handkerchief was it?
Boyden. It was red and white striped.
Prisoner's defence.
I seeing a crowd of people stopped to look at them; this man laid hold of me, and said I had got his handkerchief; I thought he had a warrant out against me made me run, but when he cried, stop thief, I stopped immediately, I had not the handkerchief.
Boyden. The prisoner called stop thief directly as soon as he got into Black-horse-alley, as he ran.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
