





122. (L) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Preston 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 10 yards of linnen-cloth, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Robinson 
                        




                      
                  , in the shop of the said Samuel
            , March 16
. +


                  Samuel 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I am a linnen-draper
 on Tower-hill


: on the 16th of March, about seven in the evening, the prisoner, with a woman in company, came in and desired to see some silk handkerchiefs. I shewed them three different sorts. They pitched upon one. I asked them five shillings for it. The prisoner said, it was a great deal too much. Then he desired I would shew him an India-handkerchief. I said I had none. He asked me if I had any Irish. I said they, as well as the India ones, were prohibited. I found them to be trifling sort of people, and I took the handkerchiefs in the window on my right arm. The woman said, she liked one of them, but he said he would have a better. He stood close to me, and the woman went and stood behind him. He said, He was very sorry we could not agree, and they went out of the doors. As soon as they were gone, my apprentice said, they had got a piece of check. I bid him run after them. I got over the counter, and when I was at the door, they were about fourteen yards from me. I went after them. The prisoner had his hands behind him, under his coat: I laid hold of him; and when he found I held him fast, he pulled the check out from under his coat behind with his left hand, and throwed it down upon my feet. I had felt it under his coat, and I saw it fall. I took him back to my house, and sent for a constable, and carried him to the Compter that night; and the next day before my lord-mayor, who committed him.
Q. How far was he got from your door when you laid hold of him?
Robinson. He was about 30 yards from it.
Q. from prisoner. Did I stand still, or did I run, when you laid hold of me?
Robinson. The prisoner walked on, he did not run.
Q. from prisoner. Had I any thing in my hand when I went out of your shop?
Robinson. No, you had not any thing.
Q. from prisoner. Was my face towards you when you called after me?
Robinson. I did not call after you at all; two boys had hold of your coat, but they could not stop you.
Prisoner. I am more out of pocket than he, for I gave the woman 3 s. 6 d. to buy her a handkerchief, and she is gone off with it.
Robinson. When we brought him back, he said he knew nothing at all of the woman at first, and denied that she came into the shop with him; after that he said, he had picked her up, or she him; and he was to give her a silk handkerchief, for lying with him at night.


                  Thomas 
                  Steward 
               



            . I am an apprentice to the prosecutor; I saw the check lying on the counter. The prisoner and a woman came into the shop, and asked to see some silk handkerchiefs. My master shewed them some. There were none would do. I saw the woman take a piece of check, and carry it out of the door; and when they were about 10 yards from the door, she gave it to the prisoner, and he put it up behind his back, under his coat. Then she made off. I saw the check drop on the ground when he was taken.
Prisoner. I was afraid the woman was going away from me, so I followed her quick out of the shop. I never saw any check upon the counter.



                  Thomas 
                  Cathrow 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Dawson, who lives next door to the prosecutor. I saw the woman give the piece of check to the prisoner; Mr Robinson's apprentice called out they had stole a piece of check. I ran with him, and we both had hold of the prisoner's coat, when Mr. Robinson came and laid hold of him, and I saw the check fall from the prisoner's hand.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am a master at arms on board a man of war, I had been all the day waiting to receive some money at the Navy-office. I met with that woman, and made an agreement to go together that night, and I was to give her a handkerchief; I gave her 3 s. 6 d. to buy it; I went with her to two shops, at the first shop she did not like what they shew'd us; then, when she was at this shop, she went out with the check, and I was afraid of losing her and my money: but God help you Mr. Robinson, for swearing that check against me. He swears I had this check under my coat. When he took hold of me I got hold of him with both my hands, and told him I would not be mobb'd in the street; he took me into his shop, and I pulled out my pocket book, to show him I was no such person.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


