





73. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Paldock 
                  , otherwise 
Balldock




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one wooden box, value 1 d. and three guineas and a half, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Palmer 
                        




                      
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , December 26
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Palmer 
               



            . On Monday night last, about a quarter after 7, my maid servant came to me in the back shop, and told me somebody wanted me; I went forward, and saw the prisoner lying cross my counter: he got up and ran away; I pursued him, but could not take him. I returned back, and examined my till; I missed a little box, and the gold mentioned in the indictment, which I had seen in the box about an hour before. The next day, I got a warrant from Justice Palmer, and gave it to the officer. About 6 the following evening, the prisoner was taken up, and carried before the justice. When we were coming from thence to the New Prison, he said he wanted to speak to his mother; the officer stopt till his mother came up; they talked together; after which, the prisoner went to a tree with us, and from a hollow place, about the middle of it, he took out the bottom part of the box, and 2 guineas and a half. He was carried before Justice Palmer again, and upon his owning he did take it, the justice committed him: he is very young, I hope the court will consider his youth.


                  Daniel 
                  Baker 
               



            . I am the constable. I heard the prisoner confess he took a little box, in which were 2 guineas and a half, and said there was no more, which money he had concealed in a hollow tree.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all about it. The prosecutor told me he would not hurt a hair of my head, if I would tell him where it was.
Prosecutor. I did promise to shew him favour, if he would tell me.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
