





261. (L) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Pritchard 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two shirts, two pair of stockings, one pair of shift-sleeves, one pair of muslin ruffles, two aprons, one muslin handkerchief, three linnen handkerchiefs, and one pair of shoes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Birch 
                        



                      
                  ; one pair of ruffles, and one linnen apron, the property of 
                     
                        Isabella 
                        Tiplady 
                     



                   ; one paper snuff-box, with a silver rim
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Williams 
                  



                
            , June 26
. ++


                  Ann 
                  Birch 
               



            . My husband is a linnen-draper
, we live in Bow church-yard. I went out of town about the middle of last May, and at my return, about the latter end of June, all the things in the indictment were missing. I left 
               
                  Ann 
                  Venables 
               



             in the house; she was my servant: I found she had harboured and secreted the prisoner in my house for about a fortnight. I took the prisoner up, and before justice Sydenham, she confessed having taken the things, and where they were: I went accordingly with a constable, and found the greatest part of them, and they are here in court.


                  Ann 
                  Venables 
               



            . I was Mrs. Birch's servant in the time of her absence. The prisoner being an acquaintance of mine, and coming out of her place, I gave her leave to come and lie with me; all the things mentioned were in the house at the time she came; and after that they were all missing: I did not see the prisoner take them: I heard the prisoner confess she took and pawned them.


                  Catharine 
                  Prigg 
               



            . I live with Mr. Warford a pawnbroker: [She produced two shirts, four handkerchiefs, a pair of treble ruffles, two aprons, a pair of woman's shoes, a pair of silk stockings, a pair of worsted stockings, and a pair of soist sleeves.] The prisoner brought these at several times, and pawned them at our house.
Q. to Venables. Did you give the prisoner these things.
Venables. No, I did not.

Prisoner's Defence.
Venables told me I might lie there, when her master and mistress were out of town, while I was out of place. She gave me these things to pawn, and said she bought them.
Mrs. Birch. The prisoner did not charge Venables before the justice with giving her them.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


