






155, 156. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Paston 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Waters 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing 140 lb. weight of lead, value 17 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , March 18
. ++


                  Henry 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have taken a little affair at Trig-stairs


, and am repairing the dwelling-house in order to live in it; there was a soil-pipe that went from the top of the house to the bottom, which I thought proper to remove, and desired Mr. Mitchel to send some workmen to cut it up, and carry it to his house, on the 18th of March. I desired my clerk to go and see it weighed the next day; he told me, it weighed 600 and some odd pounds, I thought there had been some ill practices; and in the afternoon I had word sent me, that some of the lead was found at a public house in the neighbourhood; I afterwards saw it in Messrs. Wills and Mitchel's shop in Nightrider's-street.


                  John 
                  Gold 
               



            . I measured the place where the lead was taken from, which was 32 feet, then I went to Mr. Willis's, and measured the lead after it was laid down in a proper manner, I found none diminished, it was cut into many pieces.


                  Henry 
                  Woodby 
               



            . On the 19th of March, between 8 and 9 in the evening, I was set to watch the lead by Mr. Mitchel, which he had information was at the Rummer alehouse on Labour-in-vain-hill. I was there and saw the two prisoners take it away; it was two pieces, they carried them to the south-side of St. Paul's church-yard, and pitched them on the stones by the rails. Paston called Tom; Tom was gone away from him. They had carried it from the ale-house up Distaff-lane into Paul's church-yard. After Waters had left him. Paston came to me and said, they had been at work and had got some lead, and his partner had left him, and if I would carry some of it to Chancery-lane, he would give me half a crown. I would not. Then Waters came again, and they took them up and carried them as far as Black-swan-alley, they threw it down and left it. Then I desired a young lad to go and tell the gentleman, they were gone and left the lead. Mr. Mitchel sent a man to me, then I carried one piece to his house, and then went and carried the other, he staid by it till I came. The young man that was with me, took the two prisoners, and they were carried to the watch-house.


                  Edward 
                  Starling 
               



            . I keep the Rummer on Labour-in-vain-hill. On Friday morning the 8th of March, about half an hour after 7, the prisoner Waters came through my house, and went into the yard, and returned, and called for a glass of gin, and said, I have left a bit of lead in your stable, will it be safe? I said, it would. After that he came again, and had a glass of something a bar. He said, he had lost a piece of wat e which he had set at the outside of the door, which a carpenter had taken in out of a joke; the carpenter said, it may be stolen to set it in so careless a manner, he had known a man hanged for such a pipe. After he was gone, the carpenter said, he thought the man had stole it; I said, he works for Mr. Mitchel. He went and fetched Mr. Mitchel. Mr. Mitchel desired, I would not let it go out of my house without watching it, that he might be able to detect the receiver. On Saturday at noon the two prisoners came and said, they would fetch it away at night. I sent to Mr. Mitchel to let him known of it, and he sent the last witness to be ready to follow them. The prisoners came about 8 at night, and asked for a candle to go backwards; I was in the cellar, and when I came up, they were gone with the lead, and the porter after them.
Mr. Mitchel. I am a Plummer, in partnership with Mr. Deputy Willis. Mr. Smith sent an order to have his soil pipe taken down; I sent the two prisoners at the bar to do it, on Friday the 18th of March, and expected he would send it to my house in his cart, I was then exceeding ill, I found the prisoners brought it in pieces on their shoulders; after that a carpenter came and told me there was some such lead at the Rummer on Labour-in-vain-hill. I went there and saw it, the man was described to me that left it there, I had great reason to think it was Waters. I desired the master of the house not to take any notice there was any suspicion about it, but to appoint somebody to watch, that I might come at the receiver. On the Saturday he sent a person to let me known he had been at his house, and he would fetch it away at night, on which I sent the porter to watch where they carried it. At night two gentleman's servants in St. Paul's-church-yard came and told me they had seen two men pitch some lead there, and they thought it was stolen. I said, I had sent a person to watch them. Soon after that they came again, and said they had flung it down and run away; then I sent word to the porter to bring it to my house, which he did at twice. I make no doubt but the two pieces are part of the soil pipe, there was one hundred and a quarter weight of them. I always had a good opinion of Paston till this affair; I have no reason to suspect him of any thing before.
Paston's Defence.
I had been to fodder up a coffin, the nastiness of the corps obliged me to drink, and I was so fuddled that I did not know what I did; and the next morning I did not know any thing of it, till I was told of it by my friends.
Waters's Defence.
I never was in that ale-house but once in my life, and that was four months ago.
Paston called Mr. Blewet and his wife, with whom he served his time; 
               
                  William 
                  Pemberton 
               



            , a fellow-apprentice with him; Sarah Firmin, who had known him a year and a half, with whom he had lodged; Mr. Chidwick, between four and five years; Mr. Tompson, about five; Jer. Williamson, near two years; 
               
                  William 
                  Bassom 
               



            , about ten; Robert Hawl, about three; and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Warner 
               



            , ever since he was born; all gave him a good character.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            . Paston 


               recommended
            .
