





414. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dick 
                  , otherwise 
Dickinson




            , was indicted for 


               obtaining goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           More 
                        




                      
                  , by false pretences
            , &c. June 3
. ++


                  Rebecca 
                  More 
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  John 
                  More 
               



            , who is a stocking-trimmer
. We live in Wood-street


. The prisoner came to me on Saturday the 3d of June, between the hours of six and seven, and said he came from Mr. Barnes, on the top of Moorfields, and that his master desired his compliments and requested I would send two pair of black silk stockings, for Mr. Barnes was going into mourning for his uncle. I went into the counting-house, and looked out a couple of pair. I said I did not know the size of his master's leg, but there were two pair, one much bigger than the other. I delivered them to him. He came again on the Monday in the evening, and brought a letter, and delivered it into my maid-servant's hand. She brought it to me, and said the man stays for an answer. It was read to this purport:
"June 17, 1769.
"Sir, I received on Saturday two pair of stockings
"from you. One pair fitted me, and
"the other pair fitted my wife. I should be
"glad if you would send two pair of a larger
"size for half mourning, and a bill of parcels
"for the whole; and in so doing, you will
"oblige your humble servant,
"
               
                  JOHN 
                  BARNES 
               



            ."
Then he said his master was extremely sorry he had not time to write, but desired I would send eight or ten pair of coloured stockings, of different mottles, for second mourning, for him and his relation to chuse out of. My servants all knew the prisoner, and that he lived with Mr. Barnes. I looked out eight pair of silk stockings, mottled as expressed, I tied them up in a paper, and delivered them to the prisoner at the bar. After he had got them under his arm, he said, Madam, I must have the two pair of black silk stockings, as the letter expressed. I told him I had none of that sort, but I would get a couple of pair, and send them the next morning. I got t wo pair, and sent my porter with them to Mr. Barnes. When he came back, he told me Mr. Barnes said he knew nothing of the matter, and that the boy that came was a good for nothing sort of a lad, and had been gone from him some time. Then I got a warrant to take him up. My servant and another person found him somewhere by Bagnigge-Wells.
Q. Do you deal with Mr. Barnes?
R. More. We do.
Q. What is he?
R. More. He is a pasteboard maker.


                  John 
                  Barnes 
               



            . I am a pasteboard-maker.
Q. Where do you live?
Barnes. I live in Upper-Moorfields. The prisoner was my servant. He was a turnover to me.
Q. Did you send him to Mr. More's for any silk stockings?
Barnes. No, I never did. He has been gone from me better than a year and a half. The first of my hearing of this, was on the Tuesday morning, by the porter, when he brought some stockings to our house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing about it. I knew the people, by having been backwards and forwards with goods several times: I could not help knowing them; but what is laid to my charge I know nothing of.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
