





431. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat and waistcoat, the property of Sir


                           Charles 
                           Saunders 
                        



                      
                  , Knight of the Bath
, one pair of leather breeches, value 3 s. and one violin, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Price 
                        



                      
                  ; and one violin, value 5 s. and one bow, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Norris 
                  



                
            , July 6
. ++


                  Edward 
                  Price 
               



            . I am servant
 to Sir 
               
                  Charles 
                  Saunders 
               



            ; we thought the prisoner an honest lad; we took him, and he was employed in the stable
; the things mentioned were taken away on the 6th of July, from the Crown-yard, Silver-street, Golden-square


; we judged it to be done by somebody that knew the yard; a person came and told me, he could tell me where some of the things were; I went with him to the prisoner's lodgings, there I found the two fiddles; the man and woman of the house told me the prisoner brought them there the second night after they were lost; we never found the other things.


                  Hannah 
                  Templeton 
               



            . The prisoner lodged at my house; he sold a coat and waistcoat in my house soon after he came to lodge with me; they were old clothes with yellow lining.
Price. The clothes were such as this evidence has described.
The prisoner, in his defence, said he was not guilty of the thing charged against him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
