





134. (L.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Gill 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five yards of silk for handkerchiefs, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Bayne 
                  




                
            , widow
, March 13
.


                  Ann 
                  Bayne 
               



            . I live in Old Broad Street, near St. Peter le Poor's church


.
Q. What is your business?
A Bayne. I keep a haberdasher's shop
. On the 13th of March two men came into my shop, and said they wanted some handkerchiefs; the prisoner was one of them I shewed them five handkerchiefs all in one piece, but they said they would not do. so I shewed them some others, when there came in two women, and asked for some silk lacing, the men said, serve the gentlewomen, for we want half a dozen: As I was giving one of the women change, she said softly, take care of these two men, who then stood near the door: After I had done with the women, I shewed the men another sort, which they said would not do, so I shewed them another sort, which they did not like neither; then I shewed them another, which one said would do but the other said it would not; this was the very first piece I had shewed them: The prisoner catch'd them up as they lay just within the sash, and they ran out; I ran after them, and called, Stop thief: The prisoner was soon taken, and brought back; he was got out of my sight first, but I am positive he is the man: He was searched, but nothing was found upon him.
Q. Did you get your handkerchiefs again?
A. Bayne. They were pick'd up by a person that is here, and brought to me (produced in court, and deposed to.)
Q. What did the prisoner say for himself?
A. Bayne. He said he never was in my shop, and he said the same before the magistrate.
Cross Examination.
Q. What time was this?
A. Bayne. It was the night before the fast day. between seven and eight o'clock.
Q. What sort of a dress was the other man in, that came in along with the prisoner?
A. Bayne. He was in a whitish coat; I never saw him before to my knowledge.
Q. Are you certain they both came in together, or as customers dropping in one after another?
A. Bayne. They did come in together.
Q. Was any body in your shop besides you, when they came in?
A. Bayne. There was only my mother and I.
Q. Did the two men come in as friends?
A. Bayne. They did.
Q. How do you know that?
A. Bayne. Because one said to the other, they will not do; and the other said they were for a sailor, and would do.
Q. Are you certain the prisoner is the man that took the piece?
A. Bayne. I am; I had hung them on a line in the window, and he took them away. I had my eye upon him all the time.
Q. Was the other man ever taken?
A. Bayne. No.


                  John 
                  Jackson 
               



            . I live in Broad Street. I was going down the street that evening between seven and eight o'clock, and at the end of Winchester-Street I heard the cry of stop thief. I saw the prisoner at the bar running, and I saw him fall down; this was about four or five hundred yards from the prosecutrix's house. I was on the other side of the way. I crossed the way and laid hold of him.

Q. Had he any thing in his hand?
Jackson. No, not as I could see; he was in a great deal of confusion, and I saw him hustling something towards the ground. He said, it is not me. it is a man in a white coat over the way, there he runs (pointing with his finger.) I looked, but saw no such person. He said, for God's sake, don't swear against me, don't use me ill, and did not offer to get away; but we were then about ten yards from the place where he fell. The prosecutrix came up and said, if he is the man that took the handkerchiefs, he has a leather apron on; a light was brought, and he had a leather apron on. She look'd at him, and said positively he was the man. When we brought him back to the place where he fell, there lay the piece of handkerchiefs; there was another person that laid hold of him rather sooner than I.
Cross Examination.
Q. Did he make any resistance?
Jackson. No, he did not.
Mr. Myer. As I was coming up from Old Bethkhem, between seven and eight that evening, I heard the cry stop thief. I ran directly cross the street, and just as I got to the prisoner, he fell down.
Q. Did you see the prisoner running?
Myer. Yes, he ran as fast as he could. He got up again directly, and I laid hold of him, so did Mr. Jackson. He said he was not the man, it was a man in a white coat, but I saw no such man: He was got some yards from the place where he fell. Another gentleman came and took hold of him, and I left him. We walked back again, and when we came to the place where he fell, Mr. Smith took up the piece of handkerchiefs.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . I heard the cry stop thief; I went up to the people, and about four or five yards from where the prisoner then was, I pick'd up the piece of handkerchiefs.


                  Margaret 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I went into the prosecutrix's stop with another woman, to buy some lacing, where was the prisoner and another man. We were served and went out. I thought they looked as if they were going to rob the gentlewoman, so we staid at the outside of the door. The prisoner was standing within the door, with the door part open, and seemed to keep the door from shutting. I saw him take the piece of handkerchiefs, and run away with them; he snatched them from off a line. (She looks at them.) These are the same. The gentlewoman came out, and said. stop thief and we did the same. We staid there till the prisoner was taken.
Cross Examination.
Q. Are you not mistaken; was it the prisoner that took the handkerchiefs?
M. Thomas. I am not mistaken; it was he.
Q. How was he dressed?
M. Thomas. He had on a blue surtout coat, and the other a white one.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have only to say, that I am innocent of the fact alledged against me.
For the Prisoner.


                  Robert 
                  Dowdle 
               



            . I live in a little house belonging to Gresham College.
Q. What are you?
Dowdle. I am a shoemaker.
Q. How far do you live from the prosecutrix's house?
Dowdle. About forty yards distance. I was standing at my door, and saw two men run by, one was a little before the other; the prisoner at the bar was the last of them.
Q. What sort of a man was the other?
Dowdle. I could not discern him. I saw he had a whitish coat on; it was not white, it was a colour that could not be discerned in the dark.
Q. Had he any thing in his hand?
Dowdle. There was something of a parcel under his arm, but I could not discover what it was.
Q. Did you see any thing drop from him?
Dowdle No; I ran after the last. As we were coming back, Mr. Smith kick'd the handkerchiefs out of the gutter. The prisoner at the bar call'd out, stop thief.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Dowdle. No; I never saw him before.
Q. Did they both run on the same side of the way?
Dowdle. They did; they went by very swist.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Harding 
               



            . I live over Mr. Dowdle's head, in the same house.
Q. What are you?
E. Harding. I am a married woman.
Q. What is your husband?
E. Harding. He is a gentleman's clerk, I saw the prisoner go by my door.

Q. Where was you?
E. Harding. I hearing a noise in the street, opened the window, and saw him, but he had no bundle, and seemed to be very fuddled.
Q. Did you see any other person running?
E. Harding. I did; one ran before him.
Q. Had he a bundle?
E. Harding. I did not see that he had. My husband came home very ill, so he lay down, and I saw no more of them
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?


                  E.
                   Harding No
               



            , I did not.
Q Might he have had a bundle, of the quantity of five handkerchiefs, and you not discern it?
E. Harding. His arms were very close to his sides when he pass by. I really think he had no bundle at all.


                  Michael 
                  Stoaks 
               



            . I have known the prisoner betwixt eight and nine years.
Q What is he?
Stoaks. He is a shoemaker.
Q. What is his general character?
Stoaks. That of a hard working honest man; he followed his trade, and kept men at work.


                  Samuel 
                  Newton 
               



            . I have known him about two years.
Q. What is his character?
Newton. He is an honest hard-working man; he made me the shoes I have got on.


                  Charles 
                  Clark 
               



            . I live in George Yard, Whitechapel, and have known the prisoner about two years.
Q. What is his general character?
Clark. I know no harm of him: I always took him to be an honest hard-working man.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


