





46. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wallin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 5 lb. weight of sugar, value 12 d.
             the property of persons unknown, Nov. 11
. *


                  John 
                  Skirrow 
               



            . On the 11th of November, about five in the evening, I saw some people at a hogshead of sugar on Somers Key


, they seeing me, made off: I went to it, there was the prisoner with his hat in his hand full of sugar, he put that in the hogshead; I took him to a house in Darkhouse lane, and sent for a constable; we found about 4 or 5 lb. more in his trowsers; he was asked, how he came by it? he said, he took it out of the hogshead; before my Lord Mayor, the next day, he said, he was going by, and some people called him, and said, Jack, will you have some sugar, here is sugar enough.


                  William 
                  Oxley 
               



            . I saw the prisoner searched, and saw 4 or 5 lb. of sugar taken out of his trowsers.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was on the Key, I saw some sugar lay on the ground, I picked it up; I thought I might as well take it, as let people walk upon it.
To his Character.


                  Matthew 
                  Garret 
               



            . I have known the prisoner three year: he is a sea-faring man; he mest along with me, on board a ship, in the East-Indies; I have known him to be trusted with a great deal of money, and never knew no harm by him.


                  John 
                  Spiller 
               



            . I have known him ten months, he was in the Greenland trade last voyage; I never knew any ill of him.


                  George 
                  Dickinson 
               



            . I have known him about nine months; he used my house, the Coach and Horses, in Kent-street; I never saw or heard any harm of him in my life.




               Guilty. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
