





277. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Williams 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 12 s. a pair of woman's silk shoes, value 2 s. 6 guineas, and 2 half-guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Passingham 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said James
            . April 9
. ++


                  James 
                  Passingham 
               



            . I live at a place called Cranford, in the parish of Hesson


; the prisoner did live with me in America; she left me, and came home with a gentleman at Chelsea, and lived there some time; she was destitute, and came to our house a little after Christmas: we took her in.
Q. When did you come to England?
Passingham. I came home next July will be 6 years. The prisoner complained she had pawned all her cloaths, and was like to lose them; I had but 4 guineas in the house; I let her have 40 shillings of it; she went and fetched some few things out; I had agreed to go abroad again, and take her along with me.
Q. Have you a wife?
Passingham. I have; she washed for several people, most of the gentlemen belonging to the navy; and the prisoner was a weekly servant there, and washed for my wife; we lived at Hallifax. I sold several of my things, and let the prisoner have 3 l. more, to go and fetch the rest of her things: she went, and I heard no more of her till the Sunday morning; then I had 2 letters; I could make neither head nor tail of them, only her name and Wood-street Compter. I think the Monday after she came again, and said she had been arrested, and put in goal; she staid at my house; I was at work in Admiral Holbourn's garden, and when I came home she was gone. When she came to us in America, she came big with child; that child I have brought up and kept ever since: she said her husband was drowned. I asked that girl where the prisoner was; she said she was gone to the doctor's for my wife, who was ill: my wife said she had not seen her all the day. I wanted something out of the chest; my wife went to give me the key out of her pocket, under her head; we could not find it: I went down stairs, and found the key lying under the prisoner's old gown; I went to the chest, and missed 6 guineas and 2 half-guineas; I went to the Compter, there was the prisoner: she was searched, and my wife's silver shoe buckles and silk shoes were found upon her, and 3 s. 6 d. in money. She took away every penny I had in the world, but 2 or 3 shillings.



                  William 
                  Reynolds 
               



            . I was sent for last Thursday morning to take charge of the prisoner, for stealing 7 guineas from the prosecutor. I asked her what she had done with the money; she said she had made away with some, in getting her things out of pawn, and that she had the rest in a leather bag when she came to the Compter, but did not know what was become of it. I searched her, and found 3 s. 6 d. upon her; she owned the shoes did belong to the prosecutor's wife: and when the women searched her, and the buckles were found, she said they belonged to the prosecutor's wife also: when she was before the Alderman, she said the things and money too were the prosecutor's property.
Prisoner's defence.
I leave it to the gentlemen of the jury; I was in liquor when I did the fact; I have earned the prosecutor many a fair pound.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
