





493. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Hume 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing nineteen live geese, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Whitney 
                  




                
            , Sept. 21
. ++


                  John 
                  Whitney 
               



            . I live at Hounslow


; I lost nineteen live geese out of a pen in the back yard, on the 21st of September, betwixt two and four in the morning; the prisoner was taken and brought back to me the same day, and the geese also, but they were all dead.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Whitney. No, I did not.


                  John 
                  Beds 
               



             worth. I came to the Turk's-head at Stainers on the 21st of September, there was the prisoner drinking a pint of beer; I put my horse into the stable; there was an ass, a sack, and a bag, in which were some dead geese; I brought them into the house, and asked who owned them; the prisoner said they were his; I asked him how he came by them; he said he bought them for a shilling a-piece; I asked him where; he said at Hounds, near the place, where we found afterwards, they were lost from; I took them out of the sack and bag that they should not spoil by lying together; there were nineteen of them, their throats were all cut; I laid them on some faggots, then we brought them and the prisoner back to Justice Bulstrode.
Q. What time did you first meet with the prisoner?

Bedsworth. That was about eight in the morning.
Q. to prosecutor. By what did you know the geese?
Prosecutor. I knew them as soon as I saw them; I had marked them on the foot (he produced a leg, and shewed the mark to the Jury)


                  William 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I was in my cart near the turnpike, the prisoner was coming with his ass; I got down out of the cart, and asked him what he had to sell, and clapped my hand upon the sack, and found they were geese; the prisoner said they were all sold; then I went on about my business to Staines; there I got the headborough, and took the prisoner up at the Turk's-head.
Prisoner's defence.
I shall clear myself as well as I can: on the Saturday before I was apprehended, I set out from the Turk's-head with intention to come to London, to pay a little money that I owed to Mr. Conner, at the Bull's-head in Kent street; coming to Brentford I met some acquaintance, and got in liquor, they persuaded me to go to Staines; coming thro' Hounslow some boys play'd the rogue with my ass; they cut the crupper, saddle and bridle, and used me ill; I was advised to make the best of my way to Staines, by people that came and took my part; when I came upon the heath, I lay down to sleep, and awaked about four in the morning; there came a man up to me and said, My cock, will you buy some geese; I said, where are they; he said they are not far off; I said, how came you by them here at this time of the morning; he said he drove them from Wiltshire, and they grew so tired he was obliged to kill them, and as you have an ass you are capable of carrying them; he took me to a ditch, there they all lay: I thought I could lose no great matter by them, so I gave him 19 s. for the nineteen geese: I cry about hair skins, rabbit skins, old rags, and old flint glass.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
