






79. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Pearce 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Butcher 
                        



                      
                  , privately from his person
            , January 3

. ++


                  George 
                  Butcher 
               



            . I was coming along Fleet-street; there was a crowd of people with two men going into the watch-house, at Fleet-ditch



, last Tuesday was se'nnight, about a quarter after eight at night: standing to see these two men, I felt something tug at my fob; I could not well get out of the crowd, and before I could cleverly get my hand down to my fob, the prisoner had got my watch out; I saw it in his hand, and seized his hand while he had the watch in it; he got his hand to his side as quick as he could, and dropt the watch down: I did not see it fall, but it was picked up by a boy who brought it into the Watch-house: I never quitted my hold of the prisoner, till I, with assistance, got him into the Watch-house; all he could say, was, Pray, Sir, Search me: We sent for the constable of the night, and sent him to the Counter, the next day took him before Mr. Alderman Cockayne, who committed him to Newgate.
Q. Was it light or dark?
Butcher. There was a lighted lamp just over my head.
Prisoner's Defence.
He laid hold of a chimney-sweeper; the boy struggled and got away, and, after I had been in the Watch-house about twenty minutes, a stranger brought the watch in.
Prosecutor. There was a chimney-sweeper's boy stood near the prisoner; I imagined, he had given the watch to him.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
(L.) He was a second time indicted, for 


               that he, on 
                     
                        
                           Levi 
                           Benjamin 
                        



                      
                  , on the King's Highway, did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person one silver watch, value 40 s. his property
            , December 20

. ||


                  Levi 
                  Benjamin 
               



            . I live in Shoemaker-row, near Aldgate, and keep a cloaths-shop
. Last Tuesday was three weeks, being the 20th of December, about five in the evening, I was coming by London-wall



; I received a blow on my face, and I dropt down by the violence of the blow; I was not able to speak for an hour after: my watch was taken from my pocket; I can give no account of what happened after I received the blow; I saw the man, as he came to me; he had a slapt hat on, in a blue surtout-coat, it appeared to me to have brass buttons on it: it was a dark evening; a gentleman picked me up, and brought me to Houndsditch.
Q. How came he to know where to carry you, as you could not speak?
Benjamin. I said, Houndsditch, Houndsditch; I know nothing of the prisoner: I did not see the man's face that struck me.


                  Thomas 
                  Barnivell 
               



            . On the 20th of December, about six in the evening, the prisoner at the bar brought this watch, and pledged it with me, in the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Jones 
               



            , for 27 s. he told me, he lived near the Harrow in Water-lane Fleet-street; he told me it was his own property: Two days after, I found it was advertised to be stolen, with directions to apply to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; I went there immediately, and carried it with me; Sir John asked me, if I should know the man that brought it; I sai d, I could pick him out from 500; he desired me to describe him, I did; Sir John said to his clerk, the description answers very much to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Pearce 
               



            ; Sir John bid me go home, and he would send for me when there was occasion: Upon the 23d, towards the evening, I was sent for, and desired to go to the Public-house, at the next door, and see if I saw the man; I went, and there saw the prisoner at the bar; he no sooner saw me, but he came up to me, and said, Pray, Sir, don't you live in Saffron-hill? I said, yes; he said, have you any business here? I said, yes; said he, I pawned a watch with you; I said, my business was about that: When we came to Sir John's, the office was so full of people, when the door was open, the prisoner, I believe, went out among the rest, and I saw no more of him, till last Monday, when Sir John sent for me again; he told me, the man was taken up for something else in the city: he was examined, I produced the watch, but the prosecutor did not attend, being then ill; but last Wednesday he did attend, and swear to the watch, as his property; the prisoner acknowledged he pledged it, but said, he knew nothing of the robbery. ( The watch produced, and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
About three or four weeks ago. I was going up Saffron-hill; I went into a house, I believe the London-prentice; I called for a pint of beer; a sea-faring man stood by me; he pulled out a watch, and asked me, if I would buy it; he asked 36 s. for it, we agreed, I gave him all the money I had, and said, if he would go a little way with me, I would help him to the remainder; I went to the pawnbrokers, and he staid without: I went out to him, and told him, the watch was not worth the money he sold it for: I know no more of the watch being stolen, than any gentleman in this court.
Q. To Barnivell. Did the prisoner go out and come in again, at the time he pawned the watch?
Barnwell. He did, and pulled out some money, and laid it on the counter.



               Acquitted
            .
