





360. (L.) 
               
                  Joshua 
                  Muns 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing a cotton handkerchief, value 18 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     More 
                  




                
            , June 29
. +


                  Henry 
                  More 
               



            . On Sunday last, about half an hour past eight in the evening, I was coming up Snow-hill


; as I crossed the way from one side to the other, I felt something brush against me; I felt in each pocket, and found my handkerchief gone; I turned round, and saw it dropping out of the prisoner's hands, and he was offering to stoop to pick it up; he stooped; I stooped and took it up, and seized him.
Q. Did you know him before?
More. No, I did not; he got hold of it at the same time as I did; first of all he begged my pardon; after I came a little way with him, the mob desired me not to forgive him, but take him to prison. A gentleman came all the way with me to the Counter, where I delivered him: (the handkerchief produced and deposed to.) I knew I had it in my pocket just before.


                  Robert 
                  Butler 
               



            . I was walking with Mr. More up Snow-hill; he called out, I have lost my handkerchief. I saw it hang between the prisoner and his companion; it was neither on the ground nor in their hands; the handkerchief fell on the ground, and the other man made off: the prisoner said, when Mr. More took hold of him, Sir, if I have offended you, I ask pardon.
Prisoner's defence.
On Sunday night last I was coming up Snow-hill; Mr. More dropped his handkerchief; I saw it drop out of a man's hand, and I saw him make away. Mr. More said to me, you have picked my pocket; I said, I am very certain I have not; I gave him the handkerchief, and he collared me. I am a shagreen case-maker by trade.
For the prisoner.


                  William 
                  Eagan 
               



            . I was coming from Islington down Cow lane, about half an hour after eight o'clock that night: I came cross the way, and saw the lad at the bar stoop to pick a handkerchief up, which lay on the ground: upon that, this negro fellow took hold of him.
Note, The prosecutor was a black, servant
 to a gentleman.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Eagan. I never saw him in my life before.
Q. What are you?
Eagan. I have not been home from the West-Indies above a month.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you see this evidence at the time you lost your handkerchief?
Prosecutor. I did not, as I remember.
Butler. The man that made off was much like this man, much the same size; if not him, he was much like him, only he was in other coloured cloaths.
Q. to Eagan. What coloured cloaths had you on that evening?
Eagan. The same I have on now.
Q. How came you to be here a witness?
Eagan. I was at Guildhall, and saw the prisoner there on Monday; then he begged of me to speak for him.
Q. How came you there?
Eagan. I went there for a summons, and was saying I saw it.
Butler. I saw the evidence Eagan on the Monday night; he had on then a brown coat, the same he had on when he made off, if he is the man.
Q. Describe the man that made off.
Butler. The man had a brown coat on, and wore his own hair.
Note, The evidence had his own hair.
Q. to Eagan. What was you bred to?
Eagan. I am a shipwright, and served four years in Port-Royal yard.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
