





439. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Knight 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a diamond ring set in gold, value 2 l. 2 s. a pair of mouse shirt studs set in silver, value 15 s. one fancy Mocho ring set in gold, value 5 s. a two guinea piece, two linen caps, two garnet ear-rings set in gold, a pair of paste-shoe-buckles set in silver
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Derry 
                  




                
            , July 30
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Derry 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Derry 
               



            . The prisoner was our servant
; I cleaned my buttons and put them into the case; there was a diamond ring, and the other things mentioned; she was in the room at the time; I put the case in my drawer, and locked my drawer; this was the very day the prisoner went away; I never missed them till the 3d of August; I know no body had been in the room but the prisoner; my husband went to see for her on the 4th, and brought her with him: she was charged with taking the things; she confessed she had taken them, and said she intended to bring them again when it was in her power; she took me to her lodgings in Stanhope-street, Clare-market, and delivered some of the things to me, After that, she was taken before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and owned she had the things out of my drawer; she denied taking the two guinea piece at first; she at last owned to the two guinea piece, and said she changed it at the corner of Berwick-street, when she bought an ounce of tea, but the people denied knowing any thing of it; I took her before Justice Fielding; there every thing was produced but the two guinea piece.


                  Christopher 
                  Curd 
               



            . I had a diamond ring brought and pledged to me the 31st of July, by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bready 
               



            .
Mrs. Derry. Here is the duplicate which the prisoner delivered to me in her lodgings; (producing it) she owned she sent it by that woman.

Curd. This is the duplicate I delivered to the woman that brought the diamond ring.


                  William
                   T. I
               



             live in Drury lane, and am a pawnbroker (he produced a pair of buckles, a pair of buttons, and a ring) these were brought and pledged to me by A Cartey in her own name, for her mistress, the 31st of July.
Mrs. Derry produced that pawnbroker's duplicate which she received from the prisoner at her lodgings.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
