






548, 549. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Tine 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Fox 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing a man's hat, value 12 d. one wig, value 1 s. a cloth coat, value 8 s. a striped linen waistcoat, value 1 s. a pair of nankeen breechees, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Glaister 
                  




                
            , Aug. 12
. ++


                  John 
                  Glaister 
               



            . I live in Chandler-street, Soho-square; on the 11th of August in the evening I went out to spend the evening, I had a brother come out of the country, we were going out together about eleven o'clock, we met with some brother upholsterers, and went to a public-house, and drank pretty freely till about one o'clock; going home alone I met a watchman in Gerrard-street, I invited him to drink a glass of gin; we went to the Two Blue Posts, and there drank two glasses of gin; about half an hour past one the two prisoners came in, they wanted me to go with them, and I refused it; I went out at the door, they followed me, and took me away to Banbury-street, St. Giles's


, to a house up one pair of stairs; I undressed myself, they stripped me of all my clothes; then they picked a quarrel with me for not having money enough, and turned me out of doors in my shirt; I then made my way to Russel-street, and then home to my lodging; I walked a considerable way in that condition; the next morning I went again into that street, to enquire after these women; I found the watchman that I had treated at the Blue Posts, by which means I found out who the women were, and on the Sunday evening I found them in Princes-street in a public-house, the watchman was with me; when he said to them, you must go with me to the watch-house, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Tine 
               



             made answer, I suppose it is for a robbery, this was before we had mentioned it to them; we took them to the watch-house, and after that to Justice Welch; I never got my clothes again.


                  Francis 
                  Miller 
               



            . I am a watchman in St. Anne's, Soho, the prosecutor came by my stand on the 12th of August last, after I had called the hour two; I saw the two prisoners standing by the Blue Post alehouse-door, opposite St. Anne's church, that is all I know.


                  William 
                  Squire 
               



            . My stand is in Gerrard-street, I saw the prosecutor about half an hour after one that night, he came to me as I was between Gerrard-street and Princes-street; he asked me if I would drink a glass of gin; I thanked him, we went to the Two Blue Posts; by the time we had drank the gin, the clock struck two, then the two girls at the bar were standing by the door (I knew them before;) I went and cried the hour, and left him there; about ten or eleven in the forenoon I was told the prosecutor had been looking for me; he came again in the afternoon, and asked me if I knew the two girls, saying, they had robbed him; I found them the Sunday after at the King's Arms; I said to Tine, Sal, you must go along with me to the watch-house; one of them said, I suppose it is for robbing the man; I called another watchman to my assistance, they went very quietly with me.
Q. Was the prosecutor drunk or sober when you first met with him?
Squire. He was not very drunk, I drank part of three quarterns of gin with him.
Q. Was it not thirteen?
Squire. No, it was not?
Q. Will you take upon you to say it was no more than ten?
Squire. It was not ten?
Q. How many will you swear to?
Squire. I drank eight pennyworths and two half quarterns, that was the most.
Q. Was you sober, so as to form a judgment how drunk he was?
Squire. I left him there, and the two girls with him; when I left him he was as sober as near as I can guess, as he is now.
Glaister. I have another watchman to prove I went through Hanover-yard naked in my way home.
Tine's defence.
I parted with him at going out of that house, I never saw him after.
Fox's defence.
I was with him at that public-house, but I never saw him afterwards.

For the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Odham 
               



            . I remember seeing the prosecutor lying flat on his belly naked, all but his shirt, asleep, about a quarter after three in the morning, about a month ago; I awaked him, and asked him how he came there; he could not resolve me some time, at last he looked up, and called out to his wife, Nanny, Nanny; the people said, take him away, no such person lives here, he was very drunk.


                  George 
                  Frankland 
               



            . I lodge in a house in Banbury-street, the prosecutor was lying very drunk, a woman called and said she knew nothing of him.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
