





93. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dale 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve bushels of coals, value 12 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Salloway 
                  




                
            , September 16
. +


                  James 
                  Salloway 
               



            . I was ill in bed at the time the prisoner is charged with stealing the coals: I can only say, they were my property, as they were delivered into my custody; I am chargeable with them.


                  James 
                  Anderson 
               



            . On the 16th of September, we sent twenty-eight sacks of coals to Esq; Leak at Mile-end, and I wrote the bill of parcels of that quantity, and delivered it to the prisoner: he drove the waggon with them; when he returned, he never mentioned a word that there was a misunderstanding: the other man that went with the other cart, brought me a few lines from Mr. Leak, that there were four sacks wanting, I read it to the prisoner, (my master, Mr. Salloway, was then ill in bed), the prisoner told me it was a mere mistake of Mr. Leak's boy, that should have taken an account of them, occasioned by his playing backwards and forwards with the girls. I saw the twenty-eight sacks delivered to the waggon.


                  William 
                  Jagoe 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Leak: the prisoner came with a waggon with coals, and delivered a ticket to me of twenty-eight sacks, but he brought but twenty-four; Mr. Leak and I chalked them down as they were brought in: I taxed him with the four sacks: he insisted upon it, he had brought twenty-eight, and my master might come and count the sacks. My master sat at the parlour-window, and chalked down as he brought them in, and I in the place where the prisoner brought them. My master came and asked me, how many I had chalked down? I said, twenty-four; the prisoner said, my master might come and tell the sacks; my master said, very likely, he might have twenty-eight empty sacks, but he had brought but twenty-four with coals, he was sure: my master sent a paper by the man that came with the next cart.


                  Thomas 
                  Davis 
               



            . I helped to load that waggon, there were twenty-eight sacks put into it.
- Heath. I brought the note from Esq; Leak, who told me, the last waggon that brought the note for twenty-eight sacks, brought but twenty-four sacks. I delivered the note to Mr. 
               
                  Anderson
               


             the clerk, and told the prisoner there was a sad dispute at Mile-end: you delivered but twenty-four sacks instead of twenty-eight; he said, it must be a mistake of the footman.
Q. To Anderson. If a sack is to be delivered by the way, do you give a note with that?
Anderson. I always deliver a ticket of it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I asked my master, what was to do? he told me, there was ten chaldron of coals to go to Mr. Leak's at Mile-end: I got it half loaded, and he stood by the waggon side: there came a gentleman on the wharf, and said, he wanted a sack of coals; my master ordered him a sack; said he, must I pay your servant that brings them in; my master said, as you please for that; he pulled out 3 s. and gave it into Mr. Salloway's hand; my master said to me, Thomas, load twenty-nine sacks; I loaded twenty-nine, and put my horses too: my master followed me into Fox's Lane; he there chalked the sacks, that nobody might have any suspicion, but what the sacks were his; he showed me the door where the sack was to be delivered; I knocked at the door, and a woman opened it; I carried it down the entry; I shot the coals; she said, must I pay your master for the sack of coals? yes, said I, my master is at the door; my master said, come along, I have received the money for the sack upon the wharf; I said, you may pay me for shooting; she gave me threepence: I put the empty sack into the waggon: going up the hill, my master said, Thomas, stop, I'll get up and chalk the other sacks, that nobody shall have any mistrust of these other sacks, if they come by, but what they are my own sacks. I delivered two sacks more to the hair-merchant, according to his order; he kept going on: the woman said, must I pay you for the coals or your master? I said, which she pleased; she paid me, my demand was six shillings; she took out a six and nine-penny piece, I returned her nine-pence, and put the other in my pocket; then I drove on to the sign of the Cheshire Cheese, and delivered two other sacks by my master's order; I carried them up-stairs to a school-mistress, she paid me; then I drove on to Mr. Leak's with the remainder part of the coals, which were twenty-four sacks, by my master's order: when I came, I rang at the gate, the servant came, I delivered to him the ticket; I did not know the contents of it; I can neither write nor read; he gave the ticket to his master: I followed him up; he shewed me the hole where I shot the coals. The footman was there when I carried the last sack; I said, they are all out, come and see the sacks told; said he, they are all right; said I, if you please to come and see the sacks told, well and good; said he, they are all right, there are twenty-four. I put the sacks in the waggon, and drove down to the wharf, and began to load the second turn of the same coals. The wharfinger came up to me, and said, I understand your master is very bad; said he, the ticket delivered, was for twenty-eight sacks, and there was but twenty-four delivered. He went and delivered the paper at the house: my master got up, and came upon the wharf to me, and said, Thomas, for God Almighty's sake, be true to me, and take an oath and stand to it, that you delivered twenty-eight sacks to Esq; Leak, if you do not, I am ruined for ever; said I, I will do no such thing, to take an oath for you, I never will: Sir, you know you gave me orders to leave five sacks, which I did; four I received the money for, and one you did; here is the money, if you please to take it; said he, I am so ill, I must go in and lay down; keep the money in your pocket, and give it me at night. I drove twenty-eight sacks to Esq; Leak's a second time; after I shot the last sack, I asked the footman, if he chose to see the sacks told; he came and saw there was twenty-eight of them. I went home to the wharf, and fetched the remainder of the ten chaldron at night: after I had done, I asked if my master was within. Mrs. came, and said he was ill in bed; said I, I should be very glad to speak with him; this evening: she went up and came down, and said, her master wanted me to walk up to him: I did, and said, your servant, Sir, I am very sorrow to see you so ill; he said, I am very ill; how have you made the matter up about Esq; Leak's coals? I said, I heard no more of it; if there is any thing amiss, I left the coals by your order, as I am your servant, and here is the money I received for the other coals, and gave him a six and nine-pence and a five and three-penny piece, which was twelve shillings. Here are the witnesses to whom I delivered the coals.
For the Prisoner.
Mrs. Ashford. I live by Shadwell church. I dealt with Mr. Salloway for coals: the last sack I had, was the Saturday was se'nnight, before Christmas day: I can't recollect the times the prisoner brought them; he brought them never above one sack at a time, but once, then he brought two sacks.
Q. When was that?
Ashford. I believe it may be three months after my child was born, and that was born the 12th of May.
Q. Was Mr. Salloway by at the time they were delivered?
Ashford. I cannot tell that; I only saw him twice at my house.


                  Margaret 
                  Williamson 
               



            . I have had coals of Mr. Salloway for twelve months last past; but I cannot remember any particular time.
Q. How many sacks at a time?
M. Williamson. I had only one sack at a time, except once, then I had two sacks; that was ten days before Christmas.
Q. Did you pay the prisoner for them?
M. Williamson. I never paid him for any.


                  Mary 
                  Smith 
               



            . I used to have a sack of coals at a time of Mr. Salloway, but never above one at a time: I had one sack on the 13th of September, and paid the prisoner for them.
Q. Did you see Mr. Salloway at that time?
M. Smith. No, I did not.
He called 
               
                  John 
                  Mott 
               



            , 
               
                  Edmond 
                  Waklin 
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Pettit 
               



            , 
               
                  Mark 
                  Jourdan 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Goldsmith 
               



            , who gave him a good character.
Q. To Salloway. Was you in good health or ill, on the 16th of September?
Salloway. I was very ill in bed, and attended by Dr. Fothergill. I am sure I was not down stairs that day.
Q. To Anderson. How was Mr. Salloway the 16th of September, for health?
Anderson. He was in bed all that day; he had been ill above a fortnight before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
