





350. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Wright 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing a brass pottage-pot, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Spink 
                  




                
            , June 29
. *


                  Mary 
                  Spink 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor; we live in Castle-street, Marybone parish


; about a fortnight ago, I lost a brass pottage-pot out of our area; the watchman called me up about two in the morning, and said he had followed a woman from my area with a pottage-pot up to Cavendish-square; I went there, and saw the pot and the prisoner; he had given her in charge with two men; (the pot produced and deposed to)


                  Lawrence 
                  Abel 
               



            . After I had done calling the hour of two, I came round silent, I met the prisoner with this pot; I asked where she lived; she said in Fleet-street, and had been washing, and had used her own pot.
Q. Was she going towards Fleet street?
Abel. She was standing stock still when I met her; I said, you must give a better account before you and I part; she was about seven or eight yards from Mr. Spink's house, when I first met her, she began to sting and tear to get away; she tore the clothes off her back to the waistband of her petticoats; at last she said, here take the pot, and let me go about my business; I said, no, you shall not quit me till I get to another place. I brought her to the watch-house; I went and knocked at Mr. Spink's door, and Mrs. Spink came and owned the pot.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going to my daily labour; a man hired me to carry the pot, and was to give me 6 d. to carry it to Drury-lane. I live in Fleet-street; I took it, and left that man at the King's-head in Tyburn-road.
Q. to Abel. Did you see a man with the prisoner?
Abel. I saw a man in the area when I first saw the prisoner, but he got away.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
