





76. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Millicent 
                     Spratley 
                  , spinster
, otherwise 

                     Anne, wife
 of 
                        
                           James 
                           Featherstone 
                        








            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver table spoon, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Berry 
                  Rosewell 
               




             , November 6
. ++


                  William 
                  Stevens 
               



            . My master's name is Berry Rosewell: he lives at the Crown and Cushion at Uxbridge


; the prisoner was servant
 there. She went away on the 6th of November, without giving notice to any body: Justice Welch sent for my master; I went there, and was shewed a silver spoon, marked with the figure 9; we had twelve table-spoons, all numbered numerically, and on the ends of them were engraved, Sergant, the name of the person who kept the inn before my master; (The spoon produced, with the end broke off, where the name should have been) this is my master's property; we mist the number 9, after the prisoner was gone away.


                  William 
                  Ware 
               



            . I live with Mr. Spencer, a pawnbroker, in Denmark-street: this spoon was brought to me by a woman who lives in some of the back streets, in St. Giles's; she said, it was a lodger's of hers: it being broke, I stopt it, suspecting it not honestly come by; she went and fetched the prisoner, who said it was her property. I asked her how she came by it? she said, she found it at Charing-Cross, just in the condition it is in, and that she said she would say it to the last. I said I should advertise it; I gave it to the constable, and he carried it to Justice Welch's; he ordered him to fetch the woman: she stood in what she had said. Mr. Welch had it advertised; how he got information who was the owner, I can give no account of, any farther than hearsay.
Prisoner's Defence.
It was unknown to me. I did not know that I had it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
