





530. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Byfield 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten pair of silk stockings, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Grey 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said William
            , September 25
. ||


                  William 
                  Grey 
               



            . I keep a hosier and haberdasher's shop
, opposite to Essex-street in the Strand


. On the 25th of September, at night, I was serving a customer behind my counter; as I was turning myself round, the gentlewoman said she saw a man's hand come in at the window; I looked, but did not miss any thing that night; and I being ill, did know nothing of it till the next night: then I missed ten pair of silk stockings; and on the Saturday morning, a man came with a boy, who shew'd him where and how they took the stockings: I being ill, could not then attend at Justice Fielding's.


                  John 
                  Downs 
               



            . On a Wednesday night, Byfield asked me to go along with him, to the Jew that is here a witness, to borrow some money; we went together, and when we came to go towards Temple bar, where the prosecutor's shop is, he told me to stop; I stopped at the next door, while he took an opportunity to take the stockings. He put his hand in at the door, and took them out of the window; there were ten pair: we went on to the Red Lyon in Whitechapel, where we were to meet the Jew; then it was about half an hour after eight o'clock. We sent for him, and Byfield pulled out the stockings form his pocket, and shewed him them; he told them over, and paid Byfield 20 s. for them.
Q. Did he tell the Jew where he had them?
Downs. He knew we stole them. Byfield gave me 10 s. of the money. The next day after that, I went and delivered myself up to Justice Fielding, and told him what had passed the day before; then I was admitted an evidence, and Byfield was taken up the next morning; this was on a Friday, about seven o'clock.


                  Abraham 
                  Territchino 
               



            . I am a Jew. I bought ten pair of stockings of the prisoner, on that Wednesday night: I have one pair of them here, the rest are sold. (Producing a pair of silk stockings).
Q. What did you sell the nine pair for?
Territchino. I sold them for three shillings a pair.
Prisoner. This Jew told us, if he went into any shop, he could buy such for 3 s. a pair: these are not the first things he has bought of us. There is a boy in Newgate now that he has bought things of; and he has given diamonds to him to cut glass windows with. (See the trial of Hatton and Whitfield).
Prosecutor. (He takes the pair of stockings in his hand). I sell these for 12 s. or 13 s. a pair: this pair is the worst among the parcel.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have nothing to say. This Jew used to encourage us to do so; he used to give us diamonds to cut windows, and he said, if we got in trouble, he would bail us. He has encouraged several little boys to thieve: he gave 8 s. for a large pair of silver buckles that were worth 30 s.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               T
            .
See him an accomplice and evidence against 
               
                  Barney 
                  Carrol 
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  King 
               



            , No. 385, 386. in this mayoralty.
