





329. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Rowden 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 1 l. 11 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  Hariot 
                  Weeks 
               




             , spinster
, May 4
. ++
Hariot Weeks. I lodge at Mr. Whitefield's, near Oxford-market


. On the 4th of May, Mrs. Whitefield came to my apartment, and asked me if I would walk down into her parlour, while she shewed my apartment to the prisoner. (I was about to leave that lodging.) I walked down, and she and the prisoner walked up. I had left my watch hanging upon a little hook under the glass in my room. When they came down, I went up and missed my watch. I ran to the top of the stairs, and called to know if Mrs. Whitefield had removed it; she said she had not. I came down, but the prisoner was out of sight. I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and got hand-bills dispersed about, and upon Saturday morning came some men with the prisoner, and said she had offered it to pawn. She was taken to Sir John, who committed her.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Whitefield 
               



            . The prisoner knocked at my door, and asked me what apartment I had to lett; I said a first floor. She said, she wanted a lodging for a master and mistress, a man servant and herself; that the man could lie where the horses were kept; that her master was a captain, and her lady an elderly gentlewoman; that they came from Greenwich the day before, and were at a friend's house; and also that the master would soon go to Scotland, and that she should be left there. I took her up, and shewed her this lady's room. She liked every thing. She said she would fetch her lady. She went down and let herself out. After I was down, this lady called to me to know if I had removed her watch. I was so weak as to go up to see before I looked after the prisoner, so that when I came down again, she was not to be found. On the Saturday morning, she was brought to our house, and the watch was stopped.


                  Charles 
                  Murthwaite 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in Great Poultney-street. About twelve or one o'clock, on the 4th of May, the prisoner came with this watch, (produced and deposed to by the Prosecutrix) and offered to pledge it. I having before received a hand-bill, describing it, I asked her if she was willing to go before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; she said, Yes. I took her there; she told me it was her husband's watch; but afterwards she said she received it of a woman to pawn for her.
Prisoner's Defence.
A young woman brought it to my apartment, and asked me if I would go and pawn it for her for twenty-six shillings. Her name was 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jones 
               



            . She was a servant; she has got off. I was at Mr. White's in Gerrard-street, at the time they say I was at that house. I never was at her house in my life.
Mr. White was sent for, who deposed the prisoner had lived servant with him about three years ago, but had not seen her on the 4th of May.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
