





538. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Fanside 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver pint mug, value 4 l. one silver saucepan, value 12 s. one silver pap-boat, value 6 s. one silver table spoon, value 6 s. one silver pap-spoon, value 1 s. one silver coral, value 20 s. one silver watch, value 5 l. and one gold ring, set with garnets
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Buckee 
                  




                
            , September 4
. ++


                  John 
                  Buckee 
               



            . I live in Primrose-street


. I am an entering arnest-maker, in the weaving-trade
: the prisoner was my servant
 a fortnight and a day; she went away on Tuesday, the 4th of this inst. without leave, and never returned. I missed the goods directly from out of my house.
Q. From what part of the house?
Buckee. From different parts of the house. (He mentioned them by name.)
Q. When had you seen them last?
Buckee. I saw the watch and gold ring that very morning on the dressing-table, when I got up. My wife came to me, where I am in partnership, and told me the girl was gone away, and had taken a bag of money with her: when I came home, I found she had robbed me of these things: after that, my wife found she had taken several of her wearing apparel, which I have not laid in the indictment. I went to Goldsmiths-hall, and had some bills distributed; and we have recovered the plate and all the things again: the plate was found in the prisoner's lodging. ( The plate produced and deposed to.)


                  Thomas 
                  Peal 
               



            . I took her on Saffron-hill; she confessed she had robbed her master; she had this ring upon her finger; she gave it to me; she had the spoon about her: she stripped herself, and pulled off her mistress's gown, and put on a gown of her own; then she told me where she lodged; there I found the plate: it was in Tash-street, Gray's-Inn Lane.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did not intend to make away with them, but to bring them to the gentleman. I was very much in liquor: it is my first fault.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
