





471. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Eyes 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two live cocks, value 2 s. eight live ducks, value 4 s. and seven live pigeons, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Woodhouse 
                  




                
            , July 13
. *


                  Edward 
                  Woodhouse 
               



            . I live at Shepherd's-bush


. On the 14th of July, in the morning, I miss'd the cocks, ducks, and pigeons mentioned in the indictment: by enquiring about, I was directed to St. Giles's Round-house, by the Turnpike-man, where I found the prisoner in confinement, and my poultry.


                  William 
                  Litchfield 
               



            . I was coming from Kensington about three in the morning, on the 14th of July, and saw two men under the Park-wall, about an hundred yards distant; the other man ran away: the prisoner came to me, and said he was troubled with the gripes, and wanted me to let him have some milk; I having no measure with me, could not let him have any. He went to the other end of the dunghill to case himself; I had seen him put two baskets down: he walked farther off, I went and saw there were eight ducks, seven pigeons, and two cocks in the baskets; I took the baskets from where he had hid them, and carried them into the middle of the road. I sent a boy for my fellow-servant; the prisoner stood and peeped, to see what I did with them: when my fellow-servant came, he ran away, and we after him, took him, and brought him back, and secured him.
Prisoner's Defence.
As to the things I am innocent; I saw them in the road; I went by them, and picked them up; I thought I had as much right to pick them up as another man: I had been about half a mile out farther that morning, to take a walk; I am a soldier.




               Guilty of stealing the cocks and ducks
            . 


               T
            .
