






496. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Lavess 
                  



               
            . was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s. a pair of linnen breeches, value 1 s. and two half guineas
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Watson 
                  




                
            . August 22
. ++


                  Francis 
                  Watson 
               



            . The prisoner and I are 
soldiers


 belonging to the first regiment of guards. On the 22d of August, I went to bed in the Savoy-barracks


, and laid my breeches under my head: when I awaked, they were gone, with my watch and two half guineas; we lie two in a cabin; one Wybourn lay with me, and the prisoner lay at the head of my barrack: one of our corporals finding in the necessary-house a blue rag, and seven-pence half-penny, together with my watch key; and upon searching the necessary further, my breeches were found: after that, we had a great suspicion of the prisoner, and took him up, to be tried by the military law, but they would not try him by that; he was sent to the Savoy: I went there, and asked him about my money and watch; he said he had spent the money, and the watch was picked out of his pocket, by a disorderly woman in the Ambury, in Westminster. I never got my watch or money again.


                  John 
                  Barlow 
               



            . I went to bed, about a quarter before nine that night: the prisoner came home about a quarter after ten, and walked about. As I sat upright, he came by me, with the breeches in his hand, and went towards the necessary-house, and never came up again till day-light. I know them to be the prosecutor's breeches, and told him of it the next morning.


                  William 
                  Sparks 
               



            . I heard him own to taking every thing, both in the Savoy, and before the justice
Prisoner's Defence.
What they charge me with, is very false. 
He called 
               
                  James 
                  Thornton 
               



            , who had known him near 16 years, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Oxley 
               



            , about half a year, who said they never know any ill of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
