





181. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Williams 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 10 d. and a linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Ewing 
                  




                
            , Jan. 29
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Ewing 
               



            . I live in Milk-street


; on the 29th of January, the prisoner came between me and the shop window; I saw him put his hand in my pocket, upon which I seized him by the sleeve; he had the dexterity to whip out my two handkerchiefs, I had two in my pocket; one I saw in his hand, at least the linen one; I know that was uppermost in my pocket; I did not get that again, but the other I have; I held him, and brought him into a public-house; he desired to be searched, this was near the Compter; he was searched, and nothing found upon him; upon this he threatned me with a writ, to sue me for damage; there seemed to be a number of accomplices about him; upon this the next witness, who had seen the prisoner throw down the handkerchief, went and found it, and came and brought it in, it was the silk one; I said, don't show it me till I describe it, which I did, then he delivered it (produced and deposed to).


                  Frederick 
                  Heaton 
               



            . I am a shoemaker, I was at work in the shop; I heard this gentleman say, you have picked my pocket. I turned the corner, and saw him and a man close together; he had hold of the man facing the Dolphin door, it was dark; I am very confident a handkerchief came from one of them, and as there was a contest at the Dolphin door, I took a candle out of the shop, and went and found this ( silk handkerchief,) and brought it to the prosecutor.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going down Milk street, two young fellows ran by me as hard as they could run; the gentleman laid hold of me and said, you have picked my pocket; I said you are vastly mistaken in the man, you are welcome to search me; I pulled off my things; this gentleman went out, and brings in a candle and the handkerchief; the gentleman said, can you swear you saw this man take the handkerchief; no, said he, I cannot.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
