





343 (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Brown 
                  , otherwise 
Dellot




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a cotton gown, value 5 s. a linen apron, value 1 s. and a silk hat, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Herbert Edward 
                     Gibson 
                  




               
            , July 6
. +


                  Mary 
                  Gibson 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Herbert Edward 
                  Gibson 
               



            ; we live in Church-yard-alley, in the parish of Aldgate


. I lost the things mentioned in the indictment a little after ten o'clock at night, the 6th instant, from out of my room; I had seen them within five minutes of the time I missed them; I went to a pawnbroker's the next morning, to desire if any of the things were brought to stop them; there I saw my hat lying in the window; I wanted to know what name it was brought in, and in the mean time the prisoner came in; the pawnbroker said she brought it; I desired him to stop her, which he did.


                  Thomas 
                  Beckford 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Forsell, a pawnbroker in East Smithfield; the prisoner had used our shop for about a month or six weeks.
Q. Did she come often with things?
Beckford. She has come several times, three or four times in a week.
Q. Have you many such customers come to your shop?
Beckford. We may have six or seven hundred in a week come to bring and fetch out things; she had had a hat in a little before, and she came and threw this hat on the counter, and asked for the other hat out; after that she brought a gown and apron, and wanted to pledge them; I lent her 6 s. upon them.
Q. What did you lend her upon the hat?
Beckford. She had had 4 d. upon the other hat, and she took that out, and left this for four-pence halfpenny.
Q. Did she tell you where she lived?
Beckford. She said she lived in Blue-anchor-yard, in lodgings.
Q. Do you book every thing?
Beckford. We do.
Q. Have you it here, I should be glad to see it; it would be a great curiosity. (The hat, gown, and apron produced in court, and deposed to by Mrs. Gibson.)
Prisoner's defence.
I never pawned things of my own but twice.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
