





124. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Philips 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of cotton hose, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Vals 
                  




                
            , January 8
. ++


                  William 
                  Vals 
               



            . I live in Tavistock-street


, the prisoner was my footman
. On Friday evening last about 8 o'clock I was out, and sent for home, the prisoner having been accused of robbing of three pair of stockings; I taxed him with it; he owned he had, and begged I would forgive him; I sent for a constable, and had him taken to the round-house, and the next morning he was examined by Justice Kynaston, there he owned the same.


                  Thomas 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; there was one pair found in the prisoner's box, and two other pair fetched from his washerwoman; I asked the prisoner where he had them; he said he bought them of one 
               
                  Davis
               


             a journeyman taylor from Wales; I told him a journeyman taylor could not afford to wear such stockings; then he confessed he had taken them out of the shop, and desired I would not tell my master, (produced in court,) they have all been worn; two pair were washed and one dirty.
Vals. The prisoner has lived with me about seven months, I received a very good character of him.
Prisoner's defence.
I bought a pair of stockings and left them on the counter in the shop, and when I came again to look for them, there were a pair in the same place; I took them to go out in; as for any other stockings, I know nothing of them.
To his character.
Mr. Bennet. I knew the prisoner a boy in the country; he came to town about three quarters of a year ago; he came to my house, and desired me to give him a character; I said I had not known him lately; he appeared to be a very sober lad; I said I could not give him a character, but desired him to come to my house now and then to get a dinner; he went first to Mr. Roberts's the banker, and from him to the prosecutor.




               Guilty. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
