





257. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hornsby 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two saddles, value 30 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Simms 
                  




                
            , Esq
; April 13
. ++


                  John 
                  Wilsworth 
               



            . I live with Mr. Simms: last Saturday morning, when I got up, I found the stable door broke, and two saddles gone; I had seen them over night.
Q. Where is the stable?
Wilsworth. At Islington


.


                  Joseph 
                  Pearce 
               



            . I am an officer at Stratford: I was called upon last Saturday to detain a thief; he was suspected to be such, by offering saddles to sale about the streets under price. I took the prisoner in custody, and asked him what authority he had to sell the saddles; he said they were not his own, but belonged to the hostler at the White Horse and Leaping-bar, Whitechapel: not having an opportunity to go to a magistrate directly, we sent to know if there was such a person; but there was no hostler at that house: before the magistrate he said he found the two saddles in a ditch, as he was coming from Islington to Moorfields, covered with dirt; he was committed for farther examination: on the Sunday morning I went on horseback to Islington; the hostler at the Angel inn said, he recollected a Gentleman had lost a saddle or saddles; on farther enquiry we found out Mr. Simms; upon my telling him the affair, he came to Stratford and owned the saddles; his servant and a constable from Middlesex came with a warrant, and the prisoner and saddles were committed to their care.


                  Stephen 
                  Ruddle 
               



            . I saw the prisoner offer two saddles to sale, to Mr. Preston, at half a guinea a piece.


                  Thomas 
                  Preston 
               



            . I desired the prisoner to let us know the man's name he had the saddles of; at first he said it was John Edwards; then he chang'd it to Thomas James; after that he said he found them in a ditch.
'Squire Simms. The saddles that I saw at Stratford are my property.
Prisoner. I leave it to the Gentleman.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
