





345. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rees 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a quarter guinea
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Foster 
                  




                
            , June 8
. *


                  George 
                  Foster 
               



            , a child ten years of age, not sworn.
Q. If you should tell a lye, what do you think will become of you?
G. Foster. I shall go to the naughty man if I don't tell the truth.
Court. Be sure say nothing but the truth.
G. Foster. I will tell the truth. On the 8th of June I went to get change for a quarter guinea; they could not change it at the ale-house; the prisoner said he could change it; he took his money out, and had but a shilling and two or three halfpence; he said, My dear, I'll give you change: he had hold of my hand; he took the money out of my hand, and gave me the paper it had been in again: I said, The money is not here: the prisoner said, Yes, my dear, it is, and walked with me as far as Benjamin-street; then he spit in his hand, and ran away. I called, Stop thief, and he was stop'd in Red-lion-street: I saw the quarter guinea afterwards, in Mr. Watkins's hand.


                  John 
                  Ward 
               



            . Some time, in the beginning of June last, I was in Red-lion-street, and heard the people call stop thief: I saw the prisoner come running at the front of a mob: I took hold of his collar, and bid him stop; he told me the thief was gone before: I told him I should hold him till the people came up; which I did: the child came among the rest, and said, that was the man that had taken the quarter guinea from him. Mr. Watkins took hold of the prisoner, and took him into a public house; the prisoner at first denied knowing any thing of the matter; saying, he had no such piece, and offered to be searched; but upon farther discourse, he confessed he had taken the quarter guinea from the boy, and directed Mr. Watkins to go to the place where I stop'd him: Mr. Watkins went out, and soon returned with the quarter guinea.
Mr. Watkins. About the 8th of June I was in Red-lion-street; hearing a great noise about a thief, I went and took hold of the prisoner; we took him to a public house; he denied having the quarter guinea: where was a person there belonging to Bridewell, that knew him, who said he was discharg'd from there the night before: then the prisoner acknowledged he had taken it, and sent me to the place where he was stop'd; there I found it.
Prisoner's Defence.
The lad wanted me to go with him to get it changed.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
