





245. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Tisdale 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three linen shifts, value 2 s. one dimity petticoat, one cheque apron, one muslin handkerchief, one brass candlestick, and one copper cover to a saucepan
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Crump 
                  




                
            , widow
, August 26
.~


                  Mary 
                  Crump 
               



            . I had seen the prisoner once before; she came to my house in order to be hired as a servant
, three weeks ago tomorrow. I went to enquire her character, and left her with my child, about twelve years old; I was absent about half an hour. I came home and told her, I had been prevented inquiring her character, by hearing of another person; but I would treat her with a dish of tea. During that time, I perceived some of my linen to hang below her petticoats; I took her into a back room and searched her, and found the things mentioned in the indictment, except the apron and handkerchief, under her petticoats [Mentioning them by name]. I sent for an officer, and gave him charge of her. She owned she had given the apron and handkerchief to another person in my absence, and said, if I would forgive her, she would help me to them again.
Han. Edwards. I happened to go into the prosecutrix's house, and saw three shifts, a white petticoat, a lid of a saucepan, and a candlestick taken from the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence.
It was another person that came in, that took the things.
She called to her character.


                  Jeremiah 
                  Pearcy 
               



            , and 
               
                  Michael 
                  De Grone 
               



            ; the first had known her fourteen or sixteen years; the other fourteen, who both gave her a good character.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
