





290. (M.) 
               
                  Jan
                   Jonas Vander Venvell
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing two silver tea-spoons, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bowen 
                  




                
            , Sept. 19
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Bowen 
               



            . I keep a tavern, and sell coffee
, the One Tun, going to Chelsea


. On Sunday the 19th of September, about two o'clock, the prisoner came into my garden, and after he had had some tea, he called for a pipe, and walked about the garden. The last time I had served him with water to put in the tea-pot, I saw my two spoons lying then on the board by him: there was nobody in the garden at the time but him. My servant came in and said the two silver spoons were gone: I went out, and found he was gone also, and had not paid for his tea. A week and a day after this, my servant told me, the man was coming then from towards Buckingham gate. I watched him, and saw him go up towards Pimlico, to another house. I went and took him, and brought him to my house. He said, he had left eight-pence on the board for his tea when he went away. I took him before the justice: he said but little there; but he did not own it.


                  George 
                  Sparrow 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I carried two silver tea-spoons, two cups and saucers to the prisoner, and after he was gone we missed the two spoons.


                  Peter 
                  Swan 
               



            . I was sent for to take the prisoner in charge at the prosecutor's house. The prisoner asked me what I thought the spoons might be worth? I said, I believed about six shillings. Upon which he tendered down six shillings for them, and at the same time paid 18 d. for the tea he had had; and the prosecutor gave him change out of it.
Prisoner's Defence.
After I had had the tea I rang the bell; nobody came; I left the money for the tea, and went away I know nothing of the spoons. Nobody can swear they saw me take them, or that I pawned or sold them.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
