





136. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stabler 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one mahogany tea chest value 2s. one silver sugar castor, value 20 s. one silver pepper castor, value 11s. one silver salt, value 8 s one silver table spoon, value 5 s. one silver tea spoon, value 2 s one pair of silver tea tongs, value 5 s one bunch of keys, value 4 d and one pewter spoon, value 2 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  - 
                  Row 
               




            , April 9




                  Magdalen 
                  Mascalier 
               



            . The prisoner at the bar brought me part of this plate to sell, producing a silver salt, pepper castor, tea tongs, and sugar castor. I asked him now he came by them, and he said they were his own.
Q. What are you?
M. Mascalier. I keep a Silversmith's shop in Cavendish Street. I told him I would not bay them, and after I had asked him a few questions he told me they were his master's property, and that his master had sent him with them to sell. I said I should stop them. all he brought somebody to give account how he came by them. He said he would not stir out of the shop without them, and then with much ado I inticed him to go with me to justice Cox's. He had a bundle about him. The justice ordered it to be searched, when we found a tea chest with the rest of the plate in his pocket, the whole of which is laid in the indictment. Then the prisoner said he took them from his master on board a ship, I forget the name of it.


                  Richard 
                  Merryfield 
               



            . I was present at the time the prisoner was before justice Cox. Mrs. Mascalier bought him and said he had offer'd her some plate to sell, which she thought could not belong to him She beg'd the justice would examine him, and the justice ordering his bundle to be look'd into there was the tea chest and a bundle of cloaths, and in the pockets were some of the plate. The prisoner at last confessed he had taken it out of a cabbin on board a ship, and made his escape with it, and that he was an apprentice to the captain, and had served near twelve months of his time. He own'd he had offered part of the plate to the gentlewoman.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


