





67. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Francois 
                     Jaume 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one gold ring, set with diamonds, value 8 l. 8 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Stafford 
                  Briscoe 
               



             , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Morrison 
                  



                
            , Dec. 10
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Morrison 
               



            . I am in partnership with Stafford Briscoe; the prisoner came to our shop, on the 10th of December, about noon, and wanted to look at some diamond rings; we could not agree; he went out without buying any. I immediately missed one of a particular pattern, worth 8 guineas: I went out to see for him, and found him in Mr. Townsend's shop. in St. Paul's Churchyard, offering to sell it. I took him before my Lord Mayor; there he acknowledged he did take it. (The ring produced, and deposed to).


                  John 
                  Townsend 
               



            . I am a goldsmith, and live in St. Paul's Church-yard. The prisoner at the bar came into my shop, on the 10th of December, about 12 o'clock, and offered this ring to sale, saying, it was a friend's of his, who gave 16 l. for it. I told him it was not worth above half that money. Mr. Morrison came in immediately, and charged him with stealing it. The prisoner acknowledged he took it from his shop.

Prisoner's Defence.
I happened to go into this shop; I wanted a ring; we could not agree; I went out with one upon my finger, not thinking I had it there; I went to the other gentleman's shop, where I had before bought some other goods. As soon as I was in the shop, I found this ring on my finger; I asked him what was the value of it? he said, how much do you ask for it? I said it is not mine. I intended to come back again with it. He told me it was not worth half the money.
Q. to Townsend. Are you sure he wanted to sell it?
Townsend. I am sure he said he wanted to sell it for his friend.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
