






341, 342. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bagnell 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fisher 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing 17 yards of silk ribbon, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Thompson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Thompson 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, June 26
. *



                  Mary 
                  Thompson 
               



            . 
               
                  Jane 
                  Thompson 
               



            , my sister, and I are partners; we keep a millener's shop

 in Lee-street, near Red-lion-square


. Between seven and eight o'clock on Friday morning the 26th of June, the two prisoners came into our shop as we were going to hang out the shop. I was in the back parlour; they came under the pretence of buying garters; there was a little girl in the shop, about fourteen years and a half old, she told them we did not sell garters: Bagnell took up some ribbon, and gave it to Fisher, and said, brush it; they went off, but never ran till they had turned the corner; Fisher dropped one piece of ribbon in the shop, but took another away; I saw Fisher give the piece to Bagnell at the corner of the street.


                  James 
                  Smith 
               



            . I live opposite the lady's shop; I saw the two boys go in on the 26th of June, and saw them very busy about the ribbons; I saw Fisher take something, I could not tell what; Bagnell came out first, and Fisher gave him something, and Bagnell put it under his coat; I went over, and told Mrs. 
               
                  Thompson
               


             the boys had robbed her; I pursued; they ran, and I after them, and took Fisher; he asked me what I wanted with him; I said, where is the boy you gave something to, the lady has lost some ribbon; I took him back, and Bagnell was brought back by another person.
Bagel's defence.
I am as innocent as the child unborn; I picked up some ribbon lying near the step of the door, I took it up and gave it the gentlewoman.
M. Thompson. He took up that piece that was dropped and gave it me.
Fisher's defence.
I know nothing of the affair; there were two other boys, but they did not belong to us.
Bagnell called 
               
                  Anne 
                  Newland 
               



             of Broad St. Giles's, 
               
                  James 
                  Wallis 
               



             of Long-lane, Smithfield, for whom he had worked; 
               
                  Robert 
                  Roberts 
               



            , 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Chapman 
               



            , and 
               
                  George 
                  Gardener 
               



            , who all gave him a good character.
Both 

               guilty
            . Bagnell 


               recommended
            . Fisher 


               T
            . Bagnell 



               B
            .
See Fisher an evidence against Harris, who was capitally convicted in May Sessions, No 222.
