





23. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Seymour 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing sixteen pounds weight of Cheshire cheese, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Page 
                  




                
            , November 16
. +


                  Mary 
                  Page 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Francis 
                  Page 
               



            , we live in St. Giles's


, and keep a chandler's shop
. On the 16th of Nov. I was sitting in my parlour; between 7 and 8 at night, there came a man into the shop, I believe it was the prisoner, but I did not see his face; he took and carried out half a Cheshire cheese; before I could get to the door, he was got out by the assistance of an accomplice, there were three of them; I called, stop thief, and one of my lodgers over-heard me; he bid me not be frightened, for he had got him, (half a Cheshire cheese produced;) this is the same he had got.


                  John 
                  Short 
               



            . I was in the passage coming down stairs; there were three young fellows at the door, looking through the glass, talking to one another; one of them said, d - n my eyes, let's go to the club, all is clear; then the prisoner walked in; one stood on the right, and the other on the left of the door; the prisoner took the cheese, and was going out; I took him with it in his hand; I threw him down, and the other two ran away.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going up this street; there was a noise at the door, this young fellow catched hold of me; I had no cheese in my hand.


                  Charles 
                  Westridge 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about a year and a half; he is a peruke-maker; he worked once for me; he was honest and just to me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
