





34. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Colvall 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 10 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 10 s. two India dimity waistcoats, and one ruffle-shirt, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Jackman 
                        



                      
                  , and 5 l. in money, numbered, the money of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hobbs 
                        



                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of Joseph Hobbs
            , October 24
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Hobbs 
               



            . I keep a house in Marybone parish: my wife and I went out in the evening, of the 24th of October, about eight o'clock; we staid till about eleven; when we came home, my wife looked in the corner-cupboard, where the money was put; she found the door broken, and 5 l. and upwards was taken away; the prisoner was absent that night.
Q. What are you?
Hobbs. I am a shoemaker
; the prisoner was my journeyman
, and boarded in the house. When I went out, I left both him and my brother, who is thirteen years of age, in the house. My brother-in-law, 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Jackman 
               



            , had some clothes in my house, the same as mentioned in the indictment, they also were taken away. I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             in the morning, and got the prisoner advertised; he was taken at Ipswich; he was brought up on the Tuesday; Sir John committed him to the Gatehouse; the clothes are all found. I have known the prisoner ten years; I never knew any ill of him before. I thought myself as happy as any man in England with a servant; he was a very diligent servant.
Q. Had you paid him his wages?
Hobbs. He had had more of me than his wages came to.


                  Samuel 
                  Jackman 
               



            . I left the clothes mentioned, at my brother's, Mr. Hobbs's. They were found in the possession of two pawnbrokers; at Mr. Powell's was found a coat and waistcoat, with gold binding. The dimity waistcoat and shirt was found at another pawnbroker's.


                  John 
                  Hadson 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Oxford-road (he produced two linnen waistcoats and a shirt;) these the prisoner pledged with me, on the 23th of October, about half an hour after nine in the evening.


                  Jacob 
                  Magg 
               



            . I live in Oxford-road; the prisoner pawned a coat and waistcoat with me, on the 24th of October, about nine in the evening.
Q. To prosecutor. Did you get your money again?
Prosecutor. I don't remember, that he ever confessed that.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.




               Guilty. 39 s.
            



               T
            .
