





517. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lawson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a gold watch, value 14 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Colley 
                  




                
            , Sept. 4
. ++
At the request of the prisoner the evidences were examined apart.


                  Thomas 
                  Colley 
               



            . I am a watchmaker
 in Fleet-street


; on the 4th instant the prisoner came dressed in a blue coat, a gold button to his hat, a sword, a diamond shirt-buckle to his shirt, as appeared to me; he was dressed very gay; he bespoke a gold watch of me; it had a chased case, and he chose it with a plain one, and desired I would let him have it by the next day, saying, he was to go to a rout at Lord Bute's, and said, I should be paid when I sent it; I sent it over at eight in the evening, and gave my servant orders to bring back the watch he had borrowed of me, and the money, or else bring both watches; he returned in about half an hour, and told me had lost the watch; I saw no more of him till I heard he had taken a lodging at a barber's, up a passage next door to the Mineral Water-warehouse, Fleet-street; I, Mr. Pain, and the taylor that the prisoner had had a waistcoat of, went and watched for him; he came home between ten and eleven at night; he having mentioned several noblemen that he was acquainted with, we told him, if he would send for any such, or person of credit, we would not send him to the Compter that night; he mentioned only a person that keeps a public-house in Leicester-fields.


                  Thomas 
                  Beyer 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Colley; my order was not to leave the watch without the money; I carried it to the prisoner's lodgings, at Mr. Thrasher's in Salisbury court; the prisoner was in the shop, he took a candle, and went up two pair of stairs (this was about eight in the evening;) I followed him, he desired me to sit down, saying, he had sent a person to Leicester-fields, to get a Scotch note changed; I pulled out the gold watch, and laid it down on the table, and said I had brought the watch; he pulled out that which he had borrowed, and laid it down; I took and put it in my pocket, he took up the other; I waited about half an hour, no body came; then he went to the door, and rang a bell; then he went and called over the ballusters; then he went two or three stairs down, and called again; after that he went down; I ran lightly to the stairs head, and heard him say, why do not you bring up the snuffers; in about five minutes Mr. Thrasher's wife called me down stairs, and asked me if I knew this man; she said he came down stairs greatly flurried, and said he wanted change for a shilling, then for a guinea; then she ordered to send out for change, but he was gone himself; I waited some time, thinking he might return; he did not, so I went home, and told my master what had happened; I did not deliver him the watch, but looked upon it to be in my possession, till he took and went away with it.


                  William 
                  Alland 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Figgins; I was at my master's door, and saw the prisoner come out of his lodgings; I followed him; when he came out of Salisbury-court into Fleet-street, he crossed the way, and ran till he came to St. Dunstan's church; then he crossed the way, and went down a passage; I waited some time, he not coming out I went and told my master, knowing my master was suspicious of him.


                  John 
                  Figgins 
               



            . I went with the prosecutor and Mr. Pain to the house of Mr. Mills, a barber, where the prisoner was seen to go in, and asked if such a person lived there; we were told such a one had been and taken a lodging there; we went into the street, and as he came in, between ten and eleven, we stopt him in the passage; we took his sword from him, and desired he would send for his friends, if he had any; he could send for no body but a publican from Leicester-fields; we took him into his lodging, we asked him where the watch was; he pulled it out of his pocket, and gave it to Mr. Pain, and desired us to be favourable, and said he would make it up with us; we told him he was in the hands of the law, and there we would leave him; he came by the name of Hamilton to me.
Prisoner's defence.
It is but nine weeks since I came from Scotland; I had good business in Dundee, and married a young girl which had a fortune, for which my life was threatened; I left that, and came here; money running short, I was obliged to take lodgings, and sometimes could not clear them, as my money was not come; my wife wrote me word she would remit me some; the reason I left my lodging that night was, Mrs. Thrasher said she wished she had a watch; I said, she may have a very handsome one for five guineas; when she came up to my apartment, she told me if I would give five guineas for this watch, she would pay me; I told her I would do it, and I left my lodgings till I might go with a good grace.
He called 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Russel 
               



            , a bookbinder, who said he knew the prisoner about three years ago, in St. Andrew's in Fifeshire, and that he was by trade a baker
.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
