






80. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Simpson 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing four deal-boards, value 6 s. eight deal-standards, value 2 s. and ten deal-rails, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Vaughan 
                  




                
            , Feb. 12
. +


                  Samuel 
                  Vaughan 
               



            . I employed the prisoner as a carpenter
, to make frames for sedan chairs. I had a great while suspected I had been robbed, having missed a number of things, and discharged three or four men on suspicion. I employ upwards of twenty workmen. About the 10th of February I missed a piece of cloth, and made great inquiry after it, but could hear nothing of it. I desired my apprentices to be upon the watch, when the workmen came in the morning, to see if they could find out the person, that took things away. On the 12th of February I appointed 
               
                  William 
                  Griffin 
               



             to be on the head of the stairs, to watch the street-door without being seen. At breakfast time, he informed me he had seen the prisoner about a quarter or half an hour after six o'clock, go out with as much timber as he could carry, about seven feet long. I applied to Mr. Welch for his advice; who said, it would be proper to take a warrant and search his lodgings. I took him up, and got a warrant, and searched as he advised; I found three five feet boards, what we call rough, and three more of a double width, and eight more of different sizes, five of them what we call seat boards, about two feet square, and three quarters thick, I know them all to be mine. The prisoner owned to taking some rails and standards for a horse to hang cloaths on, which were produced; we found abundance of things at his apartment, the prisoner never did business for any body but me.


                  William 
                  Griffin 
               



            . On the morning of the 12th of February, about a quarter after six, I was on the top of my master's stairs, and saw one 
               
                  William 
                  Rather 
               



             open the door, for the prisoner to go out; he looked up the stairs, to see if any body was coming down; then I put on my shoes and went out, but could not meet with the prisoner. I returned about seven, and 
               
                  William 
                  Rather 
               



             opened the door to me. He asked me where I had been, I told him to Covent-garden; he asked me how long I had been out, I told him three hours. Soon after that, the prisoner and Mr. Rather both went out together, and came in again in about half an hour, and went out again to breakfast. When my master got up, I told him what I had seen; that the prisoner carried a large parcel of timber out with him the first time of his going out. The prisoner was taken up, he downed on his knees, and owned before the justice, to the taking these rails produced here; they are made for a wooden-horse to dry cloaths on.
Q. Did your master ever deal in such goods?
Griffin. No.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took nothing out but those six long rails, and 12 short ones, which were my own property. I had before carried the stuff in, in the rough, and made them in my own time.
Q. to Prosecutor. Whether the prisoner had liberty to bring goods and deposit them in your house.
Prosecutor. I never saw him bring in a single stick, but what was my property.
Q. Did he work by the day or piece?
Prosecutor. He worked piece work.
Q. Did he do any thing for you out of doors?
Prosecutor. No; he did not, no other than carrying a chair where he has been sent with it.
Prisoner. I thought I might make bold to plane this upon the fast-day in the morning; I could have bought one for 14 or 16 pence.
Q. to Prosecutor. What is this wood for a horse worth.
Prosecutor. There are 18 pieces of it, they are worth 4 s.
Prisoner. I had a brother-in-law pressed to sea, he was put on board a tender, he made picture frames; he wrote to me to take care of his effects and tools. I have had them in my custody ever since, and the things that were found in my apartment, are some of the same stuff.
For the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Welch 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about twenty years or upwards.
Q. What are you?
Welch. I am a carpenter and joiner, I never heard any ill of him in my life to my knowledge.
Q. Have you known him down to the present time?
Welch. I have been on board a man of war, and all round the world. I went to school with him, but am but lately come from sea, so have no seen him for a long time together.


                  Nicholas 
                  Laurikin 
               



            . I have know him about 23 years, I have known him well this ten years, I never knew any thing ill of his character besides this.


                  James 
                  Chapman 
               



            . I have known him 16 years and better, down to the present time; he has the general character of an honest and a very industrious man.


                  Thomas 
                  Clements 
               



            . I live just by Mr. Vaughan's. I have known the prisoner this six years, I never heard any thing amiss of him in my Life.


                  Jane 
                  Welch 
               



            . I have known him ten years, I never knew any thing of him, but what was extremely honest.


                  John 
                  Marsh 
               



            . I have known him about three months, I believe him to be a very honest man.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


