





124. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Smith 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 20 s. and one stone seal set in silver, value 12 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Pattison 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , April 7
 ++.


                  Thomas 
                  Pattison 
               



            . I was at the top of the fleet-market


 on the 7th of April, when my lord-mayor with the aldermen were going to his majesty. I felt my watch stir in my fob. I was greatly surprized, and put my hand down, and it came into my hand without any assistance of mine; and the same person that pulled it out, twisted it out of my hand. It was the prisoner at the bar. I took him by his collar. and charged him with taking of it. He denied it with very bad language. He then had it in his hand. He threw it down upon the stones. While I stooped for it he ran away. I called stop thief. He ran down the Fleet-market, but was soon taken. 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Orange 
               



             assisted me, and we brought him to the top of the market again. Then we took him to Mr. Bodington the constable.
Q. What time of the day was this?
Pattison. This was about noon. He never was out of my sight till taken again. He was lodged in Wood-street Compter till next day: then he was taken before the sitting aldermen. I swore there the same as now. He then denied it.


                  Samuel 
                  Orange 
               



            . I was upon Fleet-bridge leaning on a post, at the same time Mr. Pattison was behind me. I heard him say, you have got my watch, you have got my watch. I observed he spoke to the prisoner. I saw the watch drop from the prisoner's hand between us three. He ran down the Fleet-market, and we after him. Mr. Pattison laid hold of him first. We took him not fifty yards from where he took the watch from Mr. Pattison.


                  William 
                  Bodington 
               



            . I am constable. They brought the prisoner to me. I having a pair of hand-cuffs which I had used with 
               
                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            , I put them on him. I knew him again, having once carried him to Newgate *before . He said before the alderman, the watch might hang by his button.
*See him tried by the name of Isaac Hall, otherwise Howse, No. III. in Sir Matthew Blackiston's mayoralty, for stealing a carr-black handkerchief, the property of T. Hurnall, Esq; He was cist for transportation, but pardoned on condition or serving as a soldier in.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
