





190. (M) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Compton 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one saddle, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Gomme 
                        




                      
                  , in the stable of the said Christopher, privately
            , May 16
. *
Christopher Gomme. I am a butcher
, and live in Clare-market: I was looking out at my window, and saw an ostler, who told me a woman had been in my stable, and stole a saddle; he saw it in her hand under her cloaths, and that she could not be got farther than Carey street. I being lame of the gout, desired him to pursue her. He did, she was brought back with it.



                  Edward 
                  Abbot 
               



            . I am ostler at the Peacock-inn, in Clare-market


, I saw the prisoner in our yard.
Q. When?
Abbot. It was a Month ago last Saturday, about five in the afternoon, the saddle then hung up in Mr. Gomme's stable, which is in our yard. Soon after that a woman came and said, a woman had gone out of the yard with a saddle under her apron. I went after her, and found it in her apron, and made her bring it back again. Then I sent for Mr. Gomme, and he came and owned it. It was the prisoner at the bar.


                  William 
                  Pantland 
               



            . I happened to be in the yard looking at some horses; I saw the prisoner in the yard; after that we went into the house, and in about ten minutes the maid came in, and said, a woman was gone out of the yard with a saddle. I went and told Mr. Gomme: he said, I am lame, so I ran after and stopped her: the ostler came: she said, If we would not make a noise, she would bring it back again. So she did. Mr. Gomme owned the saddle. [ The saddle produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Prisoner's Defence.
I met a gentleman, he desired me to go and fetch this saddle, and carry it to the Green-Dragon, in Fleet-street, and told me he would give me sixpence for going. I never saw him before. I leave it all to their conscience, for I did not take it, it was given to me to carry; the gentleman gave it to me under the gateway, and they said, they would know who I belonged to, and stopped me.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


