





30 (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Simpson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a woollen cloth coat, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wright 
                  




               
            , Esq
. December 2
. ++
Rubon Cannicot. I am coachman to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wright 
               



            ; he lives at Dulwich


; our coach was locked up, and the great coat on the coach box. The key was left in the door, on the out side; the yard gate was all fast, and the yard is walled all round; whoever got the coat must get over the wall. I know nothing of the prisoner; I never saw him to my knowledge before I saw him here at the bar; it was missing last Saturday morning.


                  Hugh 
                  Riley 
               



            . I am a watchman; and buy old clothes, and old rags, and such things. I met the prisoner with this coat, in Cheapside, last Saturday morning about nine o'clock. He asked me if I would buy it. I went with him down Pater-noster-row, and in a little court that goes from thence to St. Paul's-church-yard, there I bought it, and paid him the money, fourteen shillings; but told him I would not part with him till he sent for a surety. We were in a public-house; he wanted to break thro' the window; I held him, and the man of the house assisted me. I brought him before my lord-mayor; my lord ordered the coat to be advertised, and Mr. Cannicot came and described it before he saw it; and I went with him to Mr. Wrights. (Produced and deposed to by Cannicot.)
Prisoner's Defence.
My brother was a coachman; I had this coat of him; he was coachman to Mr. Hutchinson in Southampton. I offered it to this man; am a bricklayer; my brother has been dead some time; I am a Guernsey man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
