





251. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Hoff 
                  , otherwise 
John Hoff




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one woollen cloth coat, value 3 l. one woollen cloth waistcoat, with gold lace, value 50 s. one pair of stocking breeches, value 5 s. three shirts, two pair of silk stockings, one velvet waistcoat, one silk and cotton waistcoat, one man's hat, one pair of silver knee buckles with stones, two muslin neckcloths, and four linen stocks, the property of 
                     
                        Watford 
                        Runnet 
                     




                   , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Barear 
                     



, April 3
. ++
Watford Runnet. I live in Black-fryars


, in the house of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Barear 
               



            . I am a Furrier
: I was gone out to work: I returned about nine at night, and found my box broke open, and missed all the things mentioned in the indictment: (mentioning them by name) this was on the 3d of April. I found the prisoner's old hat in my hat-box, instead of my new one: after seeking for him, and not finding him, I advertised him, and justice Fielding's people found him: and before the justice, in my hearing, he owned he had robbed me of these goods: and said, he had sold the suit of cloaths and scarlet waistcoat to the Jews; some he had given away, and some he had pawned: them I got back again: the silk and cotton waistcoat, and my hat, he mentioned at one pawnbrokers, and a shirt and silk stockings at another place, a black pair of breeches at another: the justice sent for them.
Q. What were his words when he confessed?
Runnet. He said, he had robbed his bed-fellow.
Q. What countryman are you?
Runnet. I come from Dantzick.


                  Robert 
                  Needham 
               



            . The prisoner pledged this hat and waistcoat with me on the 4th and 5th of April: (Produced and deposed to.) he pledged one in the name of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Hoff 
               



            , and the other, in the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hoff 
               



            . He said he lived at Puddle-dock.
Prosecutor. The justice delivered this shirt to me: (producing one) it is my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never broke the chest: there was never a nail in it: I am guilty of stealing them out of the room: I am a High German taylor
.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            . 
