





506. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Eades 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing four live hens, value 6 s. and one live cock, value 18 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pye 
                  




                
            , Sept. 18
. ++


                  John 
                  Pye 
               



            . I am a farmer
 in Marybone parish


. On Tuesday night last I lost four pullets and a cock, very remarkable ones; I had seen them about the yard the day before; the next morning I was informed a man was taken up with five fowls; I went and found the prisoner and fowls at the watch-house; they were my property.


                  John 
                  Pemberton 
               



            . I am a watchman in Marybone parish; after I had called one o'clock on Wednesday morning, I got into my box the corner of Cavendish-square; I heard some talk, I sat still; as soon as the prisoner and another came to my box, I pushed out, and asked him what he had in his sack; he said he had been at his mother's, and had got his own things; (he is a soldier
;) I said, if you will not tell me what you have here, you are my prisoner, and shall go along with me; when we got to the top of the square, he said, d - n my blood, I will go no farther; the other man ran away as fast as he could; I called my brother watchman, and we got the prisoner to the watch-house, and found four hens and a cock upon him, which the prosecutor came and owned.
Prisoner's defence.
I had been to Lisson-green, to carry my foul linen to be washed; coming home much in liquor, I lay down to sleep till about one; it rained very hard, and awaked me; I got up; there was a man asked me what it was o'clock; going by some timber, there lay this sack; I took it up, and found there was something in it; I flung it cross my shoulders, and going home I was stopt in Cavendish-square.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
