





233. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Daniel 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 3 quarts of lamp oil, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sabe 
                  




                
            , March 20
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Sabe 
               



            . I am church-warden of our parish; and on the 20th of March, I was sent for to our workhouse; as I was coming back, it was dark, between 11 and 12 at night, I met the prisoner, and kicked against his pot; he gave me an oath: I said, Who is that, Joe? he said, yes. I said, what have you got there? he was carrying his pot home, and pretended to reel, as if he had a design to spill the oil. I insisted on his carrying the pot to my house; he did, and there was three quarts and half a pint of oil in it, which I perceive to be one day's theft; thus I have been injured in my property and reputation; he had lighted the lamps in St. George's parish, Ratcliff-highway, and he was coming by my door, to carry this home. I have had a general complaint in his walk, and had been out several times to watch him, but found it impossible to go, but he by some means or other knew I was there. He acknowledged before my Lord Mayor, that this was oil that he had saved out of what was delivered to him: he was to have brought the oil home, if there had been any left, after serving the lamps.


                  Charles 
                  Flaun 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sabe: I deliver the oil out every morning. That morning I delivered the prisoner three gallons and a half, and the next morning I measured the oil that he was carrying to his house; there were 3 quarts and half a pint of it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I intended, having a considerable saving, to have gone to work early with the oil the next morning, without going to the shop.




               Guilty, 10 d
            . 


               T
            . 
