





246. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wacket 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a frock, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Felix 
                           Calvert 
                        



                      
                  , Esq
; and three pair of leather shoes and a pair of stockings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bentley 
                  



                
            , March 9
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Bentley 
               



            . I am servant
 to 
               
                  Felix 
                  Calvert 
               



            , Esq; the prisoner worked in our brew-house on the 9th of March: he told me if I would leave the key of the stable he would take the dung away, on the morrow morning; I gave it him: when I came in the morning I miss'd the things mentioned in the indictment. On the 29th of March I was informed the prisoner was seen at the Whitehart, St. John's street: I went there on the 30th, with one of our stoakers, and took him: I charged him with taking the things; he denied it: at last he owned he took them, and said he hoped I would make it up as reasonable as I could: he said he sold the frock in Bishopsgate-street, for 4 s. and 6 d. and the shoes he sold sixteen or eighteen miles out of town, for 4 s. he went to a porter there, to borrow a guinea to make it up with me. I said the frock was my master's; he had better go and down on his knees to him and ask his pardon: when we came there, my master ordered him before my Lord Mayor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was a little in liquor, and was frighted so that I did not know what I said; I laid the key in the place I had used to do.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
