





237. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Homell 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 700 printed sheets of paper, part of the Tragedy of Jane Shore, value 4 s. 600 sheets of printed paper, called the Royal Preacher, value 3 s. twenty-five quire of paper, value 5 s. 100 sheets of printed paper, value 6 d. and 250 sheets of stamp'd paper, value 25 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Emerson 
                  




                
            , April 3
. ++


                  James 
                  Emerson 
               



            . The prisoner was servant
 to a hawker of news papers; she used to come backwards and forwards to my house to fetch them: on Thursday se'nnight I miss'd about 250 sheets of stamp'd paper, which we print for news papers; after that I miss'd about 700 sheets of the Tragedy of Jane Shore; they were the title sheets: then I was told my people suspected the prisoner, as she had been seen about my stairs after the time she had been dispatched with her papers: upon this I put a person in a proper place to watch, to see who came into the room; he is here, and can give the court an account.


                  Henry 
                  Robinson 
               



            . On the Wednesday, in the first week in April, I saw the girl at the bar with the paper; she was asked what business she had there; she said she was waiting for one of the hawkers. On the Wednesday night following I met her again at a little distance: I saw her speak to the hawker she used to have the papers of; she bid her a good night: I followed her towards my master's house; I went up into the printing-house, and ask'd my master if he had seen the girl; for I imagined she was in the warehouse: in going down to look in the warehouse, the other person, 
               
                  Richard 
                  Warren 
               



            , was bringing her out.


                  Richard 
                  Warren 
               



            . I laid hold of the prisoner in my master's warehouse, on Good Friday: I was placed behind the paper to watch her coming; she had laid her hand on the paper, but hearing somebody coming, she ran towards the other end of the warehouse: I took her to my master.
Mr. Emerson. She was brought into the kitchen; I sent for a neighbour; at first she would confess nothing: I told her if she would confess, it might be better for her; still she would confess nothing; I took her before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; there she denied having taken any thing: one of Mr. Fielding's men went with me to a cellar under a house in Drury-lane, where she lodged with an old woman who sold rice-milk; the first thing the man laid his hand upon, was some cuts for a Natural History (not in the indictment); I said they came out of my warehouse: immediately the prisoner went on her knees, and confessed she had taken them, and a quantity of books (we call them books, though in sheets); she confessed taking the sheets of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Shore 
               



            , and the sheets belonging to the Royal Preacher; and mentioned two or three places where she had sold them for waste paper; the also confessed to the taking the stamped paper: by her direction we found twenty or thirty pounds weight, at Mr. Brian's, a grocer; and forty-six sheets of stamp'd paper at Mr. Phasey's: we found some paper at Mr. Davis's; all my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
I beg you would be favourable; this is the first thing of that sort I ever did.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
