






415. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Ladd 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Croker 
                  




                
            , June 22
. ++


                  William 
                  Croker 
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in St. Clement's parish; the 22d of June I was in Hyde-park to see the review, I got a little fuddled; coming home, the woman at the bar, by some means or other, took me to the Robin Hood in the Butcher-row, and from thence to her lodgings, but I did not know where I went, no more than a child; I think it was up three pair of stairs; I put my watch on a table behind my hat, and sat down; she said she must go out again; she went down, and did not come in again for three or four hours; I missed my watch; I asked her what she had done with it; she said she had carried it to pawn for half a guinea, to pay her rent, for her landlord was going away, and would not trust her; that she had pawned it at the corner of Russel-court, Catharine-street; she said she would go out, and pawn her stays for a quarter guinea, and I must be the rest out of my pocket; I went to the pawnbroker; he said he had no such watch brought there; the prisoner had told me her name was 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Ladd 
               



            ; I went to the house again; her landlord and his wife said they knew nothing of her; I could get no redress; I went home; when I heard of her, I got an officer, and took her up; then she said I was too late, for the watch was sold for 27 s. three days before.


                  John 
                  Sweetman 
               



            . I am a constable; I took the prisoner up on the 15th of August, in King street, Drury-lane; she told us, we were come too late, her landlady had sold it, and said she was very sorry, for the man behaved very well to her for what was between them.
Prisoner's defence.
I never saw that the gentleman had a watch; he asked me to drink a glass of wine; he took me and three other women in to drink; I wished him a good night, and left him.
Sweetman. The prisoner said she knew who her landlady sold the watch to, but she would suffer herself to be hanged before she would mention the man's name.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
