





495. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Hinks 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 21 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Avis 
                  




                
            , Aug. 24
. ++


                  William 
                  Avis 
               



            . I live at Ingrave, near Brentwood, Essex. This day three weeks I was at the Half-moon tavern, Aldersgate-street


, between two and three o'clock; I had a young woman with me, that I met with at the upper end of Petticoat-lane; I never saw her before; I called for a pint of beer; she asked me whether I would tip her a shilling; I told her I would have nothing to say to her; then she asked me to give her a pint of wine; after drinking a glass, she fell to kissing and hugging me pretty much; then she said she wanted to go out; she went out, and I never saw her for a week after; I sat a while after she was gone, thinking about my business; then I went to feel for my watch, and I had lost it; then I went to the house where I first found her, and left word, if she would come to me, and let me know where my watch was, I would not meddle or make with her; she would not do that; I after that found out where she lived, and sent some of Justice Fielding's men to take her; then she offered to let me have another watch; I would not take that; I never got my watch again.
Q. How do you know she had your watch?
Avis. I had it twice in my hand when I was with her, and no body else was in company with me but she.
Prisoner's defence.
I do not know any thing about the man's watch; he came into a house where were a good many girls; he asked me to drink, and was so troublesome, I took up his pint and drank; he called for another pint; he said he was going as far as Smithfield, I said so am I; we went in at a tavern in Aldersgate-street, we had some wine; he pulled and hauled me about, I could not stay with him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
