





31. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Maccall 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten pounds weight of iron, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Greenwood 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Jones 
                  



                
            , November 15
. *


                  John 
                  Greenwood 
               



            . I live in Upper Thames-street; we lost a piece of a bar of iron, out of one of the stalls in the steel-yard, on the 15th of November, betwixt the hours of one and two in the day: Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Jones 
               



             and I are partners; the iron has always been deemed our property, when it is landed there.


                  John 
                  Stubley 
               



            . I am watchman of the steel-yard: about one o'clock in the day, on the 15th of November, I saw the prisoner go into the hall where this iron was; I crossed the end of the hall, and saw him near where such pieces of iron lay; he seemed as if pissing; he came out as I stood at the corner; I followed him up the yard into Thames-street; then I said, You have stole some iron: I felt it on his left side; he gave me this piece of a bar of iron (producing it); I took him to Mr. Jones; he ordered me to carry him before my Lord Mayor; there the prisoner kneeled down, and said, the d - l was in him for doing it. It was taken out of that pile of iron marked P. R. M. that is, Patrick and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Mackey 
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence.
I found it in the open thoroughfare.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Lockey 
               



            . I have known him two years; he bears a good character.


                  James 
                  Brown 
               



            . I have known him six years; he was quartered upon me six years ago; I have not seen him lately, he having been abroad; he behaved well when with me.


                  James 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I have known him six years; he has a good character.


                  Henry 
                  Watson 
               



            . I have known him six years; I looked upon him to be a very sober man.
Laughlin Goff. I have known him about six years, a fair, just, honest, sober man: my wife is a washerwoman; I have sent him with her clothes home; he has gone and brought the money very honestly.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
