






212, 213. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Adams 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Roberts 
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Thompson 
                        




                     
                  , on the 19th of January
, about the hour of one in the night, and stealing twelve linen shirts, value 4 l. three linen shifts, value 4 s. one linen apron, value 12 d. three yards of silver lace, value 3 s. and three silver tea-spoons, value 3 s. the property of the said George
            . +


                  George 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I live in Ropemaker's-alley, Little Moorfields


; Adams was my apprentice, he served me two years, and has been gone from me about twelve months; he had done some faults and I turned him away. On the 19th of January my house was broke open in the night, the things mentioned in the indictment were taken away.
Mrs. Thompson. I am wife to the prosecutor; I was up last, but I believe the back door was not fast.


                  Clements 
                  Spurges 
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in the Back-lane at the end of Rag-fair; a neighbour of mine used to buy pickpocket's handkerchiefs and other stolen goods; I spoke of it and they served me with a copy of a writ, and the Justice ordered me to stop the first I saw come, and the first I saw was Roberts; he had two shirts and a check apron under his arm; the other prisoner was there, he ran up Chick-lane; I stopped him with a shirt in his hand; he flung it into a barber's shop; he had three more shirts on his back, and about three yards of silver lace in his pocket; they were committed, one to Bridewell, and the other to New Prison, for further examination. After that Mrs. Thompson came and owned the things; Roberts confessed there were three of them, that they got over a wall and into the kitchen, and took the things; he said the other boy whom I knocked down, but he got away, was called Pouch, that he had one shirt and three childrens shifts, and one spoon, when he got away; (nine shirts, a check apron, three yards and a half of silver lace produced and deposed to by the prosecutor's wife.)
Peter Mackmillen the constable deposed to the finding the things on the prisoners as before-mentioned.
Both 


               guilty of felony only
            . 



               T
            .
