





4. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bird 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Rickerby 
                  




                
            , Oct. 19
. *


                  Joseph 
                  Rickerby 
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Fullwood's Rents, Holborn


. On the 19th of Oct. about half an hour after 10 o'clock at night, I went to the next door, which was about four yards distant from mine? I shut my door, but did not lock it, and left my watch hanging up against the wainscot, and a candle a-light in the shop. I staid about 10 minutes; when I returned, I found the door open, and watch gone.
Q. Could you see your own door from the place you was gone to?
Rickerby. I could not. The next day I advertised the watch; and in about a week after, I received a letter from Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Shanks 
               



            , in Swithin's-alley: I went to him; he told me if I would give him two guineas, he would tell me where the man lived that had bought the watch (I had advertised One Guinea reward.)
Q. What is Mr. Shanks?
Rickerby. He keeps a notary public office by 'Change-Alley. I gave him 2 guineas; then he directed me to Mr. Honychurch, by Cherry-Garden-Stairs, Rotherhithe, where I found it.
Q. Did you know any thing of the prisoner before?
Rickerby. The prisoner lodged in my house till the time he was taken up.
Q. Was the prisoner at home that night?
Rickerby. No, he was not.
Q. What is his employ?
Rickerby. I do not know any employ he is of. I took him up on the Wednesday following, and charged him with it; he owned it, and said it was necessity that made him take it.
Mr. Honychurch. I am a watchmaker, and live at Rotherhithe; the prisoner at the bar brought this watch to me, on the 20th of October last; he said he wanted to dispose of it (producing a silver watch; deposed to by prosecutor) I bought it of him for two guineas. I was sent for to Justice Fielding, there I heard the prisoner say, he hoped the prosecutor would forgive him, and look over it, as it was the first offence.

Prisoner's Defence.
I was going over the bridge, and met a man who asked me, if I would buy a watch? Saying, he wanted money, and would sell it cheap. I gave him 236 s. piece for it, and went to Mr. Honychurch, and sold it to him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
