








74, 75, 76. (M.) 
               
                  
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Bryant 
                        , otherwise 
John Obrian, otherwise 
John Talbot
                     
                  , and Ann
                   his 
                  wife
, otherwise 
Ann Martin




            , and 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Pallister 
                  , otherwise 
Esther wife
 of 
                        
                           William 
                           Harris 
                        








            , were indicted for 


               stealing one gold watch, val. 12 l.
             the property of the 
               
Reverend
 Mr. Bullock

            , November 23

. ||
Mr. Lane. On the 23d of November I set out from Mr. Ravenhill's, at the Golden Key, St. Paul's Church-yard, in the Exeter Coach, with a portmanteau and two cloakbags, put in the basket behind, Mr. Jenkins sent by me for his brother-in-low the Rev. Mr. Bullock, a gold watch, which I put into my wife's muff, and secured it in the trunk. The coachman hurried us very much; and, when we got to Stains, my portmanteau and two cloakbags were missing; I left my wife and sister to go by themselves, and returned to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and put an advertisement into the paper; staid two days here, and returned into Cornhill; there I received a letter from Mr. Ravenhill, that part of the things were found.



                  Edward 
                  James 
               



            . I live with Mr. Ravenhill; I was at the putting Mr. Lane's portmantea and two cloak-bags into the basket behind the coach, on the 23d of November, about four in the morning.


                  Mary 
                  Bilton 
               



            . I lived in Waterman's Lane, White Friers, in November last; the three prisoners lodged above me in the same house, the house of Mrs. Bailey; I used to light their fire every morning, and carry them up what they wanted. On the 23d of November, about half an hour after four, Brian and one Pallister came in loaded with some things; I heard both their voices; they staid above about three or four minutes, and went out again, and came in again exactly at five, with a box or trunk; I heard it strike against the cieling; at six they went down, and went out again; they came in again about two the next morning; I went up to wait on them as usual about eleven; there were Brian, Pallister, and one Duplex, they had got some silver buckles; they went out about eleven, and the next morning, about 3, I went up to wait on them; next morn. about eleven there came a Jew, he staid about half an hour, and went down with a great bundle on his back, tied about his head; then they call'd to me to bring them a candle, this was betwixt one and two in the day; there was no fire in their room, but that candle; then Pallister and Duplex went down, with each of them things in a handkerchief. Briant bid me light a fire; in ranking the ashes about, I saw a great many paper ashes; I found a paper with two corners burnt, and a card, with a direction on it for the Rev. Dr. Lane; I brought them down stairs; I went to Mr. 
               
                  Foster 
                  Powell 
               



            , and shewed them to him; after which, by his inquiring, he found there had been this robbery. Briant was very short of money before this, but afterwards I saw him with 18 or 20 guineas and 13 or a dozen moidores; he went by the name of Talbot mostly [The card and paper produced and deposed to by Mr. Lane as his hand-writing, on the Three of spades, and putting it on the portmanteau].


                  Sarah 
                  Welbank 
               



            . I and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bilton 
               



             lodged together at that time; She confirmed her evidence in every circumstance.


                  Abraham 
                  Tristram 
               



            . I was applied to by Mr. Ravenhill and Mr. Jenkins to go and search the prisoners lodging in White Friers; when I went in, there were Briant and Martin in bed together, he was asleep, there lay this gold watch by him [ Producing one.]


                  Henry 
                  Jenkins 
               



            . I am a watchmaker; this I repaired for Mr. Bullock, the name and number are since altered, the name was 
               
                  William 
                  Harley 
               



            , I had put a new joint to it; I sold it to Mr. Bullock some time before, I had put a new pendant to it, the former one being a small one; I went to screw the pendant on to the stud, and I had not opened the hole quite enough, so that I found it began to open by the force, so I filed the head of the screw, without forcing it any farther, which is now plain to be seen; I know it to be the same watch.
Tristram. In Briant's pocket I found a pocketbook, a bank-note of 20 l. and four 36 s. pieces; he told us the watch was made him a present of about seven months ago, by a brother of his, a nobleman's steward, at the Bath.


                  James 
                  Ravenhill 
               



             deposed 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bilton 
               



             came to him along with one Lawrance, and gave him an account of what she had seen and heard: That he was at the searching the prisoners apartment, and saw the gold watch found there: That Lawrance told him there were the portmanteau and cloakbag found in Fleet Ditch; which were produced in court, and deposed to by Mr. Lane, as what he lost at that time, the direction on the card fitted to a small piece on the portmanteau, and the letter F was part of it on each piece.
Briant's Defence.
The watch was left me by a person that I buried but a day or two before, and, knowing I could not ring him to prove it, I said I had it of a brother-in-law.


                  Jane 
                  Mansfield 
               



            . I knew one Conway*, who was an acquaintance of Briant's; I have seen them together several times at public houses; he died five or six weeks ago in the hospital; I saw he had a watch two days before he went into the hospital, but whether this it it, I cannot say.
* See Conway tried, No. 281. in Mr. Alderman Blackiston's Mayoralty.


                  John 
                  Broader 
               



            . I buried one Conway. The prisoner paid me; but whether he had any effects of his I can't say.
Mr. Parker, who had known Bryant fourteen years, 
               
                  John 
                  Fox 
               



             three, - Edwards nine or ten, and 
               
                  Barnaby 
                  Gorman 
               



             thirteen or fourteen, gave him a good character.
Bryant 

               Guilty
            , the two women 

               Acquitted
            .
They were indicted a second time for 


               stealing ten Holland shirts, ten pair of stockings, and abundance of other things, and fifty guineas in money, the property of the 
                     
Rev.
 Mr. Lane

, Nov. 23

. ||
These were all in the portmanteau and cloak-bag when stolen, and the evidence the same.
Bryant 

               Guilty
            , the two woman 

               Acquitted
            .





[Transportation. See summary.]


