





128. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Talbot 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 9 silver buckles for shoes, value 3 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Mighell 
                  




                
            , February 14
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Mighell 
               



            . I am a goldsmith
, and live upon Fish-street Hill


: last Thursday evening, between 7 and 8 o'clock, I was in the compting-house behind the shop, a person came and informed me there were some boys about my glasses: I came into the shop, and discovered a small hole at the corner of a glass, and about 8 or 10 pair of buckles were gone. I ran out, up Fish-street Hill, when I came to Cannon-street, I saw two persons running from the opposite side of the way, the prisoner was one of them, who I immediately laid hold of; I said I had a suspicion of his robbing me: he said he lived with Mr. Roberts in Lombard-street. I went with him into Lombard-street, he went past it; then he said he lived with Roberts a barber, at the bottom of the street; I went on and enquired, but found no such person. When I came to the Post-Office, I thought I heard something drop, I looked about and found nothing; then I imagined it was something in his pocket hit against a post: I felt on the outside, and found something like buckles, I put my hand in, and pulled out a plain silver buckle. I was afraid he might drop more of them, I called to Mr. Kippin to take hold of his other arm; we took him to the Compter, and in the presence of the constable and another young man, we took out of the same pocket another, which I believe was the fellow to it, and in his breeches we found 2 pair and 3 odd ones; we searched farther and found the long new scarlet cloaks, in his coat pocket: he said he found the cloaks and buckles in Gracechurch-street, and before my Lord Mayor he said he found them in a passage on Fish street hill. I have since had two buckles brought me that were found in the street. ( The buckles produced in court and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Kippin 
               



            . I live with Mr. Champion, in Morgan's-lane, Tooley-street, and followed the prosecutor and prisoner into Lombard-street; the gentleman thought he heard the prisoner drop something, he desired me to lay hold of the prisoner's hand: we took him to the Compter, I saw the buckles taken from his pocket and breeches.
Prisoner's defence.
Going across Monument-yard, I saw a man in a white surtout coat drop something, I took it up and found these cloaks and buckles.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him for stealing the cloaks.
