





37. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Gulley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 8 shirts, value 4 s. three muslin neckcloths, value 6 d. a pair of cotton stockings, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Partridge 
                  




                
            , Nov. 7
. *


                  George 
                  Partridge 
               



            . I live in Spring-Gardens


. On the 8th of Nov. I missed eight shirts, three neck-cloths, and one pair of stockings, out of my box in the room where I lie over the stables, at Lady Berclay's; I made it known in the house.
Q. When did you see them last?
Partridge. I am certain they were in my room on the 7th of Nov. I had put some of them in my box at that time.
Q. Was the prisoner a servant in the house?
Partridge. No. One of our servants knew him some years, I did not; he was a gentleman's servant out of place, and lodged in Warwick-street; I went to Justice Fielding's, and got a warrant, and found the shirts and other things in his room where he lodged; the shirts are marked 
               
                  G.
                   P. 
               



            (produced in court, and deposed to).


                  Gilbert 
                  Duffie 
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me 3 weeks. On the 8th of Nov. he asked me to lend him a handkerchief; about 2 o'clock at noon, he said he should bring home a parcel of linen, which he had for a little money from a pawnbroker's; he was not gone above a quarter of an hour, before he brought it, with 8 shirts and 3 neckcloths; he opened them before me: he went to bed at night a little in liquor. There came two gentlemen's servants, and asked for him; I told him he was wanted, he got up; they came up to him, and charged him with stealing the things, and that he had better acknowledge it; he denied it: he was taken before Justice Cox; there he said that the wicket of the gate was open, and he got in that way, and took the shirts and other things.


                  Edward 
                  Law 
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess before Justice Cox, and also before Justice Fielding, that he took these things out of the prosecutor's apartment, out of a box which was unlocked.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the shirts in the Red Lion yard.
For the Prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Wing 
               



            . I was with the prisoner in Germany; he was servant to captain Nugent; he behaved very well there.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
