





172. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chapman 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a boat, value 5 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Blower 
                        




                      
                  , and 222 pounds weight of rope, value 5 s.
             the property of a person unknown, Jan. 25
. ++


                  John 
                  Blower 
               



            . I am a waterman
: On the 25th of January I moored my boat, about six at night, at Bear Key


; the next morning she was gone: I found her in the afternoon, at New Crane stairs; there was nothing in her but what belonged to me; the seats and sculls were locked down in the bottom of her.


                  Joseph 
                  Eatenton 
               



            . I was at New Crane stairs the 25th of January, between ten and eleven; I had moored my boat, and got into the prosecutor's boat to come on shore: there was the prisoner only in her; the things were lying at the bottom of the boat, and a great quantity of rope lying upon them. He had a bit of a scull to bring her to shore; I said, Friend, how did you get this rope? he said he came from one Mr. Bray, above bridge. I said, You never could bring this boat through bridge with this piece of a scull; you are no waterman. Yes, said he, I am; and what is that to you, whether I am or not? I asked him where he was going? he first said, to a little man in a blue coat, who lived somewhere thereabout, and keeps boats. I mentioned several names, at last I mentioned Joyner; he said he believed that was the man. I stopped him, and took him to the watch-house, and staid with him till morning: he told me there, that a man gave him six-pence to bring her there; then he said he brought her from below bridge. I asked him where the six-pence was? he said he had spent it. He was taken before the bench of justices, where he said one Dangerfield, a fisherman, gave him the six-pence at Billingsgate. I went, by the justices order, to the house he described, but no such man was to be found. He was ordered to prison; after that, a captain of a brig came to me, and said he believed the rope was his property; he failed the next morning, and left word before he failed, that he would take his oath it was his property.
Prisoner's Defence.
The boat was driving with the tide; I was in a boat going to Deptford with a boy; I got out of that boat, and got into this, to carry her on shore, and should have left her there, if that man had not stopped me . I found her just below Rotherhithe stairs; I belong to a chimney-sweeper, and have no friend any nearer than Plymouth.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
