





100. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bloor 
                  



               
            . of the parish of St. George, Middlesex


, was indicted for 


               stealing one quartern loaf, value 4 d. and three shillings numbered in half pence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Matthew 
                     Scarrolt 
                  




                
            . Feb. 6
. ++


                  Matthew 
                  Scarrolt 
               



            . I live in Gravel-lane in St. George's parish


. I keep a chandler's shop
, and the prisoner lodged with me. I often lost money, and had some reason to suspect him.
Q. How came you to suspect him?
Scarrolt. Because he went on faster than I thought he could afford; and I went to an officer, and he told me he would mark me 2 s. in half-pence, and I carried them home to my wife, who put it in the till; and the shop door was locked in the morning, there was a quartern loaf missing, and 3 s. 5 d. gone out of the till; so I called the officer, and he and I went up into the lodger's room, and there we found a quartern loaf; and when I mentioned the loaf, the officer said he would swear to most of the half pence which lay in the chair under his window, and there lay the key also.
Q. Where was the prisoner at this time? was he awake?
Scarrolt. Yes, and in bed, with his breeches and stockings on.
Q. What did you say to him?
Scarrolt. Asked him how he came to do so; and he made us no answer.
Q. Was the shop door locked on the Sunday morning?
Scarrolt. Yes, and I had the key; and this is the key that was found in the chair with the money, and opens the lock of my shop door as well as my own.
Q. Is that the key of his room?
Scarrolt. Yes.
Q. Was it at the time you let him the room?
Scarrolt. For aught I know to the contrary.
Mrs. Scarrolt.
Q. Did you put any marked money into your till?
Mrs. Scarrolt. Yes, I put 15 d. in marked halfpence into my till, and 4 s. 9 d. of other, on the 6th of Feb.
Q. Of whom did you receive the marked halfpence?
Mrs. Scarrolt. From my husband, and the next day there was 3 s. 5 d, missing.
Q. What did you do upon finding you were robbed of the marked money?
Mrs. Scarrolt. My husband had a search warrant ready, and he went for the officer, and they went up to his room together.
Q. Did you go up with them?
Mrs. Scarrolt. No, nor sawer knew any thing that passed, till they went thro' my room below stairs to have him to prison.


                  Robert 
                  Blare 
               



            . I am a headborough-man; and, upon application of the prosecutor, I marked 2 s. in halfpence; I marked some with a punch, and some with a file; and when I came to Mr. Scarrolt, by virtue of a search warrant, to search the prisoner's lodging, and told the prisoner my business, I immediately saw a good quantity of half-pence lying in the chair under the window, in the prisoner's room; and, upon looking them over, I found a great many of the half-pence I had marked. When I charged him with the fact, he said he had taken them for his wages. I said, that was his mistake. I then gave the money to Mr. Scarrolt, and we took him for that day to New Prison, and the next day before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            .
Q. Did he, when before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , acknowledge the fact?
Blare. No, nothing of it.
Prisoner's Defence.
He absolutely denied it.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


