






190, 191. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shepherd 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elias 
                     Hardy 
                  




               
            , Feb. 7
. ++


                  Elias 
                  Hardy 
               



            . On the 7th of this month, about eight in the evening, I was going along the Poultry


 for Lombard-street; Mr. Pain came to me, and asked me if I had lost my handkerchief; I felt, and found I had; he told me he had seen two people busy about my pocket; he took me up 'Change-alley after them, and could not find them; then we turned and went up Cheapside, and found the two prisoners opposite Queen-street; he said they were the persons, so I seized one, and he the other; my handkerchief was found on the ground, where we seized them; I saw it taken up (produced in court and deposed to.)


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . I saw the two prisoners before me almost all the way from Temple-bar: the prosecutor was going along Cheapside with a book under his arm; I saw the two prisoners make several attempts at his pocket; when they were just beyond the Mansion-house, I saw Johnson put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and cross over into Lombard-street, and into an alley that goes into Cornhill; then I stepped up to the gentleman, and said, I believed he had been robbed; he put his hand into his pocket, and said he had lost his handkerchief; I said I believed the chaps that did it are gone up this alley, we followed them; then we ran up Cheapside beyond Bow Church, then we turned back just beyond King-street, they passed us; I said, these are they; I took hold of one, and he the other; I bid him take care of his hands; I had not spoke half a minute before a young man called out, but I saw the handkerchief fall from Shepherd under a coach wheel, which went over it; it was taken up, and owned by the prosecutor; we took them both to the Compter.


                  Thomas 
                  Newbury 
               



            . I saw Shepherd chuck the handkerchief under a coach wheel as it was going by, I picked it up and delivered it to Mr. Pain.
Shepherd's defence.
I had never a handkerchief in my hand; I am a watchmaker
, and work with my mother.
Johnson's defence.
I had been to see a cousin over the water, the gentleman laid hold of me, I did not know for what; I am a shoe-maker
.


                  Robert 
                  Robinson 
               



             and Mary his wife, and 
               
                  Anne 
                  Hill 
               



            , said they knew no harm of Johnson.


                  James 
                  Day 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Dosset 
               



            , and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Fordam 
               



            , said the same of the other.
Both 


               Guilty 10 d.
            




               T
            .
