





189. (L.) 
               
                  John 
                  Seddon 
               



             was indicted for that he 


               together with 
                     
                        James 
                        Russel 
                     



                  , not taken, on the 17th of March
, about the hour of 3 in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Eleanor 
                           Watson 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, did burglariously break and enter, and stealing one silver salt-seller, one silver punch-ladle, two silver table-spoons, two silver teaspoons, one china tea-pot with a silver spout, one scarlet cloth cardinal, all to the amount of 55 s. and one guinea
            , the property of the said Eleanor +.


                  Eleanor 
                  Watson 
               



            . I keep the Bell alehouse in the Old Bailey




. My cellar window that opens into the street was open on Sunday morning the 27th of March, and the things in the indictment missing; it was shut over night.
Q. Was the window made fast over night.
Watson. It only fastened with a button, and that on the outside. The prisoner had been my servant, and had been gone two months; we suspected him, and took him up. He owned that one Russel was with him, that they came in at the window, and up out of the cellar into the kitchen, and so to the bar; that they took the things mentioned, and that Russel had cut the plate all to pieces. I got nothing again. He owned they came to our bed-sides, that Russel had a dagger in his hand; and they took our pockets away, and if we had moved we had lost our lives.


                  Richard 
                  Bath 
               



            , a lodger in the house, confirmed the evidence given by the prosecutrix, as to the things being missing, and the prisoner's confession.


                  John 
                  Hillyer 
               



            , the constable, deposed, be took the prisoner in Cow-cross, at the Cooper's-arms; that be heard the prisoner confess to the going in at the celler-window, in company with Russel, and taking the things mentioned.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was drinking over night with 
               
                  James 
                  Russel 
               



            , I had but very little money in my pocket; he said, never mind it, I have 2 or 3 shillings in mine, we will have a little more beer: we staid pretty late at the White Horse in White Horse alley. He took a hanger out of a basket there, he hid it under his coat, this was near 12 o'clock; then he said, we will go out, and see if we can go home: when he came there he knocked at the door, and was locked out. I said, come home with me, I lodged at the Ship in Turn-again-lane, we went there, I could not get in, then we did not know where to go; then we walked along, and came into the Old Bailey; said he, I'll go and pick up a moll. I said, let us go and take a walk to pass off the night some way or other: we then went into Smithfield, and returned again down the Old Bailey. We saw the lid of the window lay open, he knocked his knee against it; said he, by G - d we will go down here. We both went down, and up stairs into the kitchen, we saw some fire, he lighted a piece of paper, and looked about and could not find a piece of candle; he found some matches, and took the value of half of them, and burnt them all out; he found a hammer, and drawed the nails of the bar door; at last he knocked the hammer through a pannel, and pushed up the window, and got in and opened a cupboard, and took out these things; then he came out and said, d - n you, I'll either have their lives or more money; being in liquor he did not care what he did. He went up stairs and drawed the hanger, and swore the first person that made any resistance he would run him through; he found a pair of pockets on a table, he took them, and in another room he saw a pair more, he took them; then we came down stairs, and opened the door and went out.




               Guilty of stealing, but not breaking the house
            . 


               T
            .
