





177. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ogden 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six live hogs, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Evans 
                  




                
            , February 11
. *


                  Francis 
                  Evans 
               



            . I live at Barnsley: I am a farmer: I lost six hogs on the 11th of this instant February, from out of my father's yard at Drayton


, about a mile from my house: I took my horse and went after them: I heard of them first at Smallbury-green turnpike; then at Kew-bridge; then I went to Mortlake, and heard of them there; after that I heard of them at Putney; I rode on to the farther end of Wandsworth, there I heard of them again: when I came to the Three Goat's-heads, at Battersea, a man came out of the house, and said the pigs were stopped there; there I saw them, and the prisoner: I charged the constable with him, and the next morning I took him before Justice Miller; the justice asked him why he stole the hogs; he said for distress of money.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Evans. He comes out of Northamptonshire: he mowed at my father's last harvest, and has lived two years in our neighbourhood.


                  John 
                  Legg 
               



            . I was coming from Putney Bowling-green, and overtook the prisoner, driving the six hogs, last Monday was fortnight: I first saw him just above Putney: I went down into the town, and staid some time, and overtook him again beyond the Three Goat's-heads: I asked him, where he was going with them? he said, to sell them; and that he brought them out of Berkshire: I said, it was a wonder he did not go to Smithfield with them; he said, he should be too late there, and he was going into the Borough with them. I asked the price of the best of them; he said 25 s. at last he would have sold it me for 18 s. then he said, he wished he could sell them all together: I said, what will be the price, to take them all together; he said 15 s. apiece: I said, I did not know but I could help him to a chap, if he would sell them worth the money, then he came to thirteen shillings apiece: then I went on to the Three Goat's-heads, and said to Mr. Johnson, here is a man coming along with a parcel of hogs; I am satisfied he has stole them, for they are worth as much more as he asks for them; so he let the man put them into his stable: I went on, and when I came to the Goat's-head again, the owner of the hogs came: when the prisoner saw him, he begged for mercy.
William Hill. I live at Drayton: I saw the hogs on Sunday night, and they were missing on the Monday morning: I know them to be the property of the prosecutor.


                  John 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I am a constable, and live at Nine Elms, in Battersea parish: the prisoner was at my house with the hogs; they were put into my yard: the prisoner was there three hours, or more, before Mr. Evans came; when he came, he owned the hogs: the prisoner told me he had bought them at Reading. when he first came in; but after Mr. Evans came in he held his head down, and did not care to say any thing.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was out of business, and had been at Windsor, to a brewer; I heard he wanted a man: coming back again over Hounslow-heath, I overtook a man, just before I ca me to Cranford-bridge, with these hogs: he ask'd me, where I was bound? I said to London: he said, I shall be too late; if you'll be so good as to drive these hogs to town for me, I'll give you a couple of shillings: he desired me to go over Kew-bridge, and so to Vaux-hall; and, if I could light of a chap, to sell them, as money would be of more service to him than the hogs. I drove them along; this farmer was coming, he went with me a mile or two: I partly bargained with him for thirteen shillings apiece. The man that I drove them for, told me his name was 
               
                  John 
                  Wright 
               



            , and that he came from somewhere near Reading; he was to have met me near Vauxhall.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
