





226. (M.) 
               
                  Horton 
                  Dunn 
               



[Text unreadable in original.]was ing a 


               silver tankard, value 7 l.
            

                  Richard 
                  Walker 
               




             , April 28
. ++


                  Richard 
                  Walker 
               



            . I keep a public-house lane, Fleet-street


. The prisoner came house last Tuesday, between one and two o'clock he said another gentleman was coming to him; there was only one gentleman in the room where he was. I saw him come in, and saw him have the tankard. I went up stairs; my wife sent immediately up to me, to let me know the man was run away with the tankard. I came down and sent my man after him, but he could not meet with him. I went to Goldsmith's-hall and got hand-bills out, and about seven o'clock Mr. Benbrook came and let me know he had my tankard. The prisoner left this coat behind him in a handkerchief (produced in court). I never saw the prisoner in my life before that time, but I am sure he is the man.


                  Joseph 
                  Benbrook 
               



            . I live in Tothill street, Westminster; the prisoner brought this tankard to me last Tuesday, about five o'clock in the afternoon; he wanted to pledge it for five guineas; I looked at it, and asked him several questions: he said he had had it about seven months, and that it was left him as a legacy by an uncle at the back of Barnet church. I said his account was not satisfactory to me; if he was agreeable that I should enquire farther, I would lend him money upon it. I went home with him to where he lived; there I had such a character of him from a person that I was satisfied: then he wanted six guineas, saying he was going down on board a ship. After he was gone I received a warning from Goldsmith's-hall, giving an account of it; then I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             and gave information of him, which was the means of taking him, and he was taken that night. (the tankard produced in court.)
Prosecutor. This is my property which I lost that day, marked R S W in a cypher, and the weight on the bottom, according to the warning that I had printed.
Prisoner's defence.
I can't deny what is alledged against me. It was necessity that drove me to it; I lay under the difficulty of being arrested every hour of the day.
He called 
               
                  Robert 
                  Stevens 
               



            , a brandy merchant in the Borough, who had known him twenty years; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Weatherall 
               



            , who had known him from a child; 
               
                  William 
                  Fowler 
               



            , between five and six years; Mr. Gisbourn and Mr. Bennet, fourteen or fifteen; who looked upon him to be an honest man exclusive of this affair.



               Guilty
            



               T
            .
