





169. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lee 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one woollen jacket, value 2 s. one cotton jacket, value 2 s. one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 10 s. two silk handkerchiefs, value 2 s. two shirts, value 2 s. one pair of breeches, value 2 s. a pair of stockings and one hat, value 1 s. two dollars, value 9 s. and two guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lockart 
                        




                      
                  , being in a certain ship, called the Devonshire, lying on the river Thames
            , Jan. 7
. *


                  John 
                  Lockart 
               



            . The prisoner and I both belonged to the Devonshire, a merchant ship


; she lay at Stone-stairs, by Ratcliffe-cross


. On the 7th of January, I lost two guineas, two dollars, and all my cloaths ( mentioning the things in the indictment) out of my chest, on board; I had seen them that night, before I went to sleep: the prisoner at the same time ran away from the ship, and our captain took him about eight days af ter. He had one of my jackets, and my breeches on, when taken; he owned he had sold all the other things, and shewed me the houses where he had sold them, in Rosemary-lane.
Darias Vaughan. I am a seaman, on board the same ship; I know the prosecutor lost the things mentioned, and he has got the jacket and breeches again; I know they are his property.


                  Hugh 
                  Hunter 
               



            . I am master of the vessel. I took the prisoner this day fortnight, as I was coming to the 'Change, after he had been absent a week. I saw the jacket and breeches on him, and know them to be the prosecutor's property.


                  William 
                  Rogers 
               



            . I bought a jacket and shirt of the prisoner, and I have the jacket here (producing it); the shirt I had sold before the prosecutor came to me.
Prosecutor. This is my jacket which I lost, with the other things.


                  Ann 
                  Perry 
               



            . I bought a pair of silver buckles of the prisoner at the bar, and my husband sold them again the same morning to a sea-faring man.
Q. What did you give the prisoner for them?
A. Perry. I gave 20 s.
Q. Where do you live?
A. Perry. I live in Rosemary-lane: my husband is a watchmaker, and deals in silver.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to ease myself in the steerage; a man came and took the things away in a handkerchief, about five o'clock in the morning. I did not know what vessel he belonged to; he had a large boat; he gave me these things to put on my back; I had seen Lockart with them on, but I was afraid to deliver them to him.
The Act of Parliament specifies, if a person steals goods, wares, or merchandize, to the amount of 40 s. it is a capital offence; but the two guineas could not be considered as merchandize. The jury found him 


               Guilty. 34 s.
            



               T
            .
