





530. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Gordon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a guinea, a half guinea, and 10 s. 6 d. in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Abbott 
                  




                
            , July 14
. ++


                  George 
                  Abbott 
               



            . I am an out-pensioner at Chelsea College
; I was coming through the Strand with my daughter; I went in at the Coach and Horses near the New Church


 on the 14th of July, about nine in the evening; I called for some beer, the prisoner was sitting there drinking; he finding I had been a soldier, he being one fell into discourse with me; I treated him with some beer; during that time he took an opportunity to take my purse, there were two guineas in money in it; the purse was wrapped up in an old handkerchief in my coat pocket, having no pocket in my breeches; we parted at the door and went out together, and in a few minutes before I got to Charing-cross I missed my money, it was in my right-hand coat pocket, and the prisoner sat on my right-hand side; there was only one woman in the room, she sat opposite to my daughter on my left hand; I made great complaint of this, upon which a soldier went into the barracks and found a man drunk, who had gold and silver about him, which was the prisoner; then the boy at the Coach and Horses was sent for in order to see if that was the man that was drinking with me; the boy said it was the same man; a gentleman gave me a shilling, I went and got a warrant and took him up; there was a guinea, 8 s. 6 d. in silver, and 2 d halfpenny found in his pocket; some of the soldiers said they saw him hiding money in his barrack; they went and searched it, and found one half guinea; he was carried before a magistrate: but was so fuddled he could give no rational answer; he at first denied he had seen me, but after that he allowed he had drank with me in that house.
Prisoner. There were two women there, one he calls his daughter, but she was a common prostitute, who continually was importuning more money from him, and he went and sat by the other woman, she sung a good song, and he went and got near her.


                  Joseph 
                  Stevenson 
               



            . On the 15th of July this poor man brought a warrant, I executed it; the prisoner was found drunk in the barrack; I searched him and found a guinea, 8 s. 6 d. in silver, and 2 d. upon him; there were two soldiers told me they saw him hiding some money in the barrack; I searched and found half a guinea in his bed; then I took him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            .


                  Robert 
                  Bridges 
               



            . The prisoner was at the Coach and Horses. I draw beer there; he sat in the box on the right-hand side going in, the old pensioner sat by him: the prisoner sat on the pensioner's right-hand side; I knew the prisoner again when I went to the barrack; there was the pensioner's daughter with him, she sat on his left-hand; there was another woman there, she sat along side the daughter a good while.
Q. Did you see the pensioner go and sit by the other woman?
Bridges. No, I did not.
Q. from prisoner. Whether you was not up and down drawing beer best part of the time?
Bridges. I stood a good while at the end of the box.
Q. from prisoner. Whether I was not in that box above an hour before the prosecutor came in?
Bridges. I don't know how long he had been before, I did not see him at all till they were all together.
Q. from prisoner. If I robbed him of all his money, how came he to pay his reckoning?
Prosecutor. My daughter paid the reckoning for me.
Q. to Bridges. Is that true?
Bridges. It is true, the pensioner was asleep good part of the te he was in liquor.


                  Rebekah 
                  Abbott 
               



            . I am daughter to the prosecutor; I was along with my father at the Coach and Horses, I sat on his left-hand side.
Q. Who paid the reckoning?
R. Abbott: I did.
Q. How much was it?
R. Abbott. It was six pots of beer, 3 d. halfpenny a pot.
Q. Who went out of the house first?
R. Abbott. The soldier did, it was but a little while before my father.
Q. How long after was it that your father missed his money?
R. Abbott. That was about two hours and a half after.
Q. Which way did you go?
R Abbott. We went straight down the Strand; we found we could not get a place to lie, and we walked backwards and forwards all night; he did not want any money, so he did not feel for it.
Q. What money had your father about him?
R. Abbott. He had just two guineas, and I had some in my pocket; it was his pension money, he received it that same day.
Q. How much had you about you?
R. Abbott. I had about 3 s.
Q. Was your father drunk or sober?
R. Abbott. He was a little in liquor; we came to London to buy some things, we lodged at Chelsea, but we live in the country.
Prisoner's defence.
In regard to this charge, I shall in the sequel satisfy the court and gentlemen of the jury that it is an unjust charge; this man says he had the misfortune to lose his money in this manner; I am taken up on the account of being in his company over night upon suspicion; the money that was found upon me I worked very hard for in time past; I was committed money less to prison without evidence against me; but to give an account of the scope and tendency of this unjust charge, it is as follows. On the 14th of July last I went to work at a cutler's shop, I usually earn 15 d. after two o'clock; I met a woman that I had been acquainted with, I took her to the Coach and Horses and had a pint of beer; we were there above an hour before this man came in; he came in, she being singing he called for a pot of beer, and after that two or three more; he paid his reckoning, and I paid mine; there was an odd pint, I paid it; the girl says she paid for six pot, that cannot be true; he went out with me and went up the street, supported by this creature; I parted with him directly, and went to the barrack between eleven and twelve o'clock. The next morning I suppose he missed his money; the next morning I was taken up, upon suspicion of taking this money; my Lord and gentlemen, because there was some money found which was my own undoubted right and property, that I saved up, intending to get a furlough in order to carry me on my journey to my own country and friends; thus I am accused with taking it from the man: in regard to this half guinea that is mentioned, that some soldiers said I had secreted in the barrack, why have they not these witnesses here; but they have no regard to me because I am a Scotchman; it is impossible to think I should secret half a guinea, and keep the rest of my money in my pocket, this half guinea I lost. Now, my Lord, upon the whole was it probable, this man lost two guineas in a purse, and that purse in a handkerchief, and I to take it, and neither purse nor handkerchief to be found upon me; it might have dropped out of his pocket, or the woman might have taken it from him, as that girl was importuning him for money; why is not that other woman taken up and searched for the purse and handkerchief, she was in company as well as me; how is it possible I could rob him of his money, there is no proof against me, neither by oath or party, or evidence of witness; it is very hard because a man is possessed of money that is his right and property, that he should be taken up upon suspicion, when another man loses his money. The prosecutor says we both went out of the public-house together, his daughter says I went out a considerable time before him; he says he paid for my reckoning, she says she paid for six pots of beer; he says he missed his money in a short time after he parted from me, the girl says it was two hours and a half after; the boy says he was extremely drunk, the daughter says he was a little the worse for liquor, he was not drunk; they say I was shewing my money, a man has a right to flash his money; but why did they not bring these witnesses here, here is no proof produced; thus I humbly submit my case to your Lordship and the jury.
For the prisoner.
Serjeant Wilson. I belong to Colonel 
               
                  Nugent
               


            's company, so does the prisoner; he always bore the character of an honest man, I never heard to the contrary.
Q. Could he be honestly worth a guinea and a half, or two guineas?
Wilson. I know at times he has saved a trifle, then he would break out and spend it.
Q. Do you ever remember seeing him have a guinea?
Wilson. I never did to my knowledge, he might be worth more.
Q. I suppose you generally know the saving men, and those that spend their money?
Wilson. We do; he would save a trifle and then break out and spend it.
Q. from prisoner. Did you not hear I lost half a guinea?
Wilson. There was half a guinea found about his bed, but he did not make a complaint of losing it till it was found.
Q. from prisoner to prosecutor. Mention the pieces of gold and silver you lost?
Prosecutor. I had a guinea, a half guinea, and the rest in silver.
Q. to R. Abbott. Can you tell what pieces there were?
R. Abbott. I know there was one half crown piece.
Prisoner. That is as false as God is true.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
