





246. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Swift 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silk stockings, value 5 s. and a cloth coat, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lewin 
                  




                
            , March 13
. ++


                  John 
                  Lewin 
               



            . About three months ago the prisoner was a footman
 of mine, but having been guilty of something wrong, I discharged him; after which I had a suspicion of him, having missed some things. I found at a pawnbroker's a great coat of mine; and also in his lodgings I found a pair of silk stockings of mine. I lost them from my London house in Bazinghall-street.


                  Henry 
                  Henshaw 
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Davison, a pawnbroker, but do not live there now. I do not remember the prisoner bringing this coat, nor do I remember the coat, but I know the ticket to it is of my own hand-writing. (The coat produced and deposed to.)


                  Richard 
                  Davis 
               



            . I am a constable. I searched the prisoner's lodgings, and found a pair of silk stockings. (Produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's Defence.
The stockings were thrown into a drawer of mine. I had several pair. I being discharged, took them all together by mistake among other things.
Q. to Davis. Did you find any other silk stockings where you found these?
Davis. I found two or three pair of stockings, but none of them were silk saving these.
Prosecutor. When he came to live with me, he came in a black coat and waistcoat, which were in pawn before he left me, and so they are now; they were pawned with my coat; the ticket was 1 l. 4 s.




               Guilty of stealing the stockings, 10 d.
            



               T
            .
