





104. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Jones 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Cotton 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            . January 3
. +


                  Benjamin 
                  Cotton 
               



            . I am an upholsterer
 by trade, and work in Long-acre; I was going home last Tuesday was se'nnight, about seven at night, to near the Monument; I went in at Mr. Warcus's an auctioneer in Fleet-street


: the prisoner was standing by me in the shop: there was a book put up, which I wanted; I got up pretty near the auctioneer: I put my hand into my pocket, and put my handkerchief as far as I could to the bottom of my pocket, fearing somebody should take it: then I put my hand in my bosom. When I put my hand in my pocket again, my handkerchief was gone: the prisoner was then about six or seven yards from me going off, which made me have a suspicion of him; he got to the door: I put my hand through the people, and took him by the collar, and bid him stop a bit; I said, I had lost my handkerchief, and had a suspicion of him: he immediately pulled my handkerchief out of his pocket, and gave it me; I asked him, why he did so? he said he had no work, and poverty drove him to it. Mr. Warcus obliged me to prosecute him, because several pockets had been pick'd in his house. I really believe the poor fellow was in want at the time. (The handkerchief produced and deposed to).
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the handkerchief on the ground; I was going away: I said, if it was his, he might take it. I am a barber, and have been but twenty-two weeks from Bristol.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            



               T
            .
