





202. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Richards 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               that she, on the 8th of May
, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Leach 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, no person being therein, and stealing 2 linnen shifts, value 5 s. one silk handkerchief, value 2 s. 2 linnen handkerchiefs, value 6 d. 2 linnen caps, value 6 d. and 2 linnen aprons, 1 s. the property of the said 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Leach 
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            . +


                  Christopher 
                  Leach 
               



            . I live in Church-row, Aldgate


; on the 8th of this instant, about 6 in the morning, my wife and I were going out, 1 to my business, and she to market. We left nobody in the house, I saw my wife pull the door to, lift up the lach, shove' the door, which was fast, it goes with a spring lach, and the windows were not opened; as we walked forward, I saw the prisoner at the end of the row looking towards us; she turn'd and walk'd softly before us; we overtock her; she held her head down as we past by her; my wife was to go through Gravel-lane, and I was coming to Black Fryers. My wife said, if she had time she would go back and see what that woman was about; I look'd back, and could not see her. I made hasle back; I found my own door open, which I had not left above 10 minutes. I said, who is in my house 2 or 3 times; I listened a little while, and heard a foot over my head, the whole of the house is but one floor over the ground floor; I ran up, and met the prisoner; she begun to beg of me to forgive her; saying, she never had done the like before. She had got the things mentioned in the indictment in her apron, I took them from her. At this time the bell was ringing for 6 o'clock; there was a taylor name Trustram going by; he ask'd what was the matter; I told him; he said examine her farther, for she has got a great bulk stands out before her; in a pocket she had, with compartments in it, such as market people have, one for silver, the other for halfpence; from them I took 2 bunches of keys, in the whole were a hundred all but 2, and a little box with snuffs of candles in it; I ask'd her how she came into my house; she said, the door was open (the keys produced in court, one parcel to open large door locks, the other such as chests and trunks)


                  Mary 
                  Leach 
               



            , I am wife to the prosecutor; my husband and I went out between 5 and 6 that morning; I fastened the door after us; coming down Hounsditch I said to my husband, after we were gone past the prisoner, if I had time I wou'd go back, and see what she is about; my husband went back, the goods produc'd in court.
M. Leach. These are all our property, when we went out they were all in my drawers.


                  Jonathan 
                  Trustram 
               



            . I was going by the prosecutor's door to my work this day fortnight; he had taken the prisoner in his house, and said he had taken the things from out of her apron; he search'd her, and these keys were found in a pair of pockets before her.


                  Richard 
                  Brand 
               



            . I am constable; I was sent for about 6 o'clock to the prosecutor's house; the prisoner was delivered into my charge with the keys.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found them keys in a house in Golden-lane, which had been a smith's shop.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


