





163. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Ford 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of sheets, value 4 s. five napkins, value 2 s. two handkerchiefs, value 12 d. a linnen pillowbier, value 12 d. and a looking glass, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander
                      M'Kowl
                  




               
            , Jan. 20
. ||


                  Ann
                   M'Kowl
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Alexander
                   M'Kowl
               



            , he is a bricklayer
, and we live in Great Wyld-street


. On the 20th of January, a little past seven at night, we were in the kitchen; the maid came down and said somebody wanted me; I went to the door; there I saw Mr. Cotton had hold of the prisoner. There was linen lay strewed about the passage, and at the door: he asked me if they were mine. I looked at them, and they were part of the linen mentioned in the indictment. I have all again, except four napkins, which I could not find.


                  William 
                  Cotton 
               



            . I keep a public house within ten doors of the prosecutor. I was going out to get some quart pots, and in going by the prosecutor's passage there came three young men out, they were very near pushing me down. I saw something drop at the door; I suspected they were thieves, and pursued them. I took the prisoner, he was one of them; just as I took him, he pat his hand into the side pocket at his bosom, and dropt something down, which I found to be napkins: I ordered a young man that was coming by to take them up: I saw nothing else in his hand. There were linen dropt at the door, half out and half in.
Q. How far had the prisoner got before you took him?
Cotton. I took him within thirty yards of the prosecutor's door. I never lost sight of him. The prisoner was taken before Justice Welch, but he confessed nothing.


                  Eliz 
                  Pesau 
               



            . I was going to the market when Mr. Cotton took the prisoner; I was within five or six yards of them; I saw the prisoner had this looking glass in his hand. (Producing a small glass, deposed to by Mrs. M'Kowl.) When I said to Mr. Cotton he has got a looking glass in his hand, he let it fall in the channel, and I took it up out of the channel.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence, but called 
               
                  John 
                  Matthews 
               



             and Diana his wife, 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Lion 
               



            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Ford 
               



             his mother, who said he was a mason
, and very industrious and honest.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
