





312. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Conner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five linen handkerchiefs, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Muller 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, privately in the shop of the said Sarah
            , May 12
. ++


                  Sarah 
                  Muller 
               



            . I live in the Strand


, and keep a shop there, and sell shirts, stocks, handkerchiefs
, and other things. I was not at home when the handkerchiefs were lost; I lost four blue and white handkerchiefs, and one red and white one; the next morning, being the 12th of May, I was sent for to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, there was the prisoner; a red and white one was found upon him; I swore one of mine was the same pattern.


                  John 
                  Noaks 
               



            . I am a constable; there came a man and said some handkerchiefs were stole in the Strand, and there was a man with one of them in his pocket, and the other were pawned; he took me to the Crown and Cushion in Russel-street, there was the prisoner; Wright searched him, and found this handkerchief upon him, that is here produced.


                  Thomas 
                  Harrison 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This handkerchief (producing a blue and white one) I took in of the prisoner, on the 12th of May; the man was in the Gatehouse before I knew of it.


                  Samuel
               


             M'Graphey. I live in Castle-street. I took in this blue and white handkerchief of I believe the prisoner, on the 12th of May about noon. (Produced in court.)


                  Edward 
                  Harman 
               



            . I live with Mrs. Gibson, a pawnbroker in King-street, Seven Dials. The prisoner brought this blue and white handkerchief, and pledged it with me on the 12th of May between eleven and twelve o'clock. (Produced in court.)
They all upon being asked if they knew the prisoner before, they said they did not; the handkerchiefs were neither of them made up.
Q. to prosecutrix. Look at these three handkerchiefs.
Prosecutrix. It is a remarkable pattern, I lost such, I believe them to be mine.
Prisoner's defence.
I bought these handkerchiefs in a house in Covent-garden of a woman; I gave 6 s. for them, and I pawned them for money to go on in my business; I buy and sell old cloaths; I was bred a silversmith
, but am not a good workman, and could not get constant employ.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
