





601. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Lee 
                  , otherwise 
Leay




            , was indicted for 


               stealing nine silver stock buckles, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Cartwright 
                  




               
            , Sept. 24
. ++


                  Benjamin 
                  Cartwright 
               



            . I keep a silversmith's shop
 in Smithfield


. On the 24th of September my shew-glass was broke between seven and eight in the morning, before I came down stairs, my servant had got the boy at the bar; I had two dozen and two stock-buckles in my shew-glass, and when I came to count them, there were only seventeen remaining in the glass.


                  Ruth 
                  Dance 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cartwright; I was coming down stairs, and saw the boy at the bar take his hand out of the shew-glass with a stock-buckle in it; he ran away, I made after him and brought him back; when he got to the stairs at the door, he reached out his hand and tried to fling the buckles down in the cellar; six of them went into the cellar and three lodged on the step: I called our journeyman to hold him while I called my master to pick them up, (produced in court and deposed to by prosecutor.)
Prisoner's defence.
I never was nigh the glass, I was going about my business; I am a chimney-sweeper
, I saw two other boys by the glass; the maid came out, and they threw the buckles down and ran away.
To his character.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Simpson 
               



            . The boy has served me three years, he is a chimney sweeper; he never robbed me, I cannot be answerable for what he does abroad, he behaves well at home


                  Mary 
                  Stringer 
               



            . The prisoner goes out with my husband a sweeping, I never knew any harm of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Note, The prisoner having washed his face after in prison, the prosecutor was some time before he could persuade himself the right person was set to the bar; as this is not the only one of the sort, a prosecutor of such would do well to see them clean before committed.
