





273. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Kirk 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 18 brass locks for cases for knives, value 4 s. 36 brass handles, 36 brass hinges, and 18, brass handles for the tops of cases
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Lawson 
                  




                
            , April 15
. *
(At the request of the prisoner the witnesses were examined apart.)


                  Christopher 
                  Lawson 
               



            . I am a founder and ironmonger
, and live in Fetter-lane: I lost 18 sets of work for cases for knives, (the things mentioned in the indictment.) I was afterwards informed the prisoner had offered 12 sets to Mrs. Heath, in Hatton Garden, and she had stopped them. I have seen them since.


                  James 
                  Brian 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Lawson. I packed up 18 sets of brass work on the 15th of this instant, in the forenoon, and about 8 in the evening they were missing. The next morning I was sent for to Mrs. Heath's. There was the prisoner, and 12 of the sets of brass; they were stopped. (Produced in Court.)


                  William 
                  Gelder 
               



            . I know these sets of brass belong to Mr. Lawson.


                  Thomas 
                  Hayward 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Heath. Last Tuesday morning I went to Mr. Lawson's for some work; he told me he had lost a parcel of brass work; I went up and informed my mistress. A little after that the prisoner came with these, and offered them to sale, and we stopped him.
Mrs. Heath. My husband was a shagreen case maker, and I follow the business: the prisoner brought these sets of brass work, and offered them for sale; I having heard the prosecutor lost some, stopped him and them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I belong to the Court of Conscience: there was an execution granted against one Howard; he could not make up the money, but said, If I would take these things and dispose of them, the money should go to pay part of the debt: I was agreeable to it, and very innocently took the things to sell for him, in order to take him out of trouble.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
