





222. (L) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cads 
                  , otherwise 
John Bennet




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Walker 
                  




                
            , July 13
. ++


                  Joseph 
                  Walker 
               



            . On the 13th of July, I was on Ludgate-hill


, near Mr. Dalmahoy's door, when the procession was going to the Change to proclaim his Majesty. I felt something at my pocket, and immediately heard a whistling. The prisoner was close by me, I saw him with my handkerchief in his hand behind him. The mob was very great, so I did not call out, thinking he might drop it, and get away; so I followed him to near Bell-savage-inn; there I said hold of him, and he immediately dropped the handkerchief.
Q. How near was he to you when you missed the handkerchief?
Walker. He was within a yard of me when I turned about.


                  Thomas 
                  How 
               



            . I saw the prisoner at the bar drop the handkerchief when the prosecutor laid hold of him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going up Ludgate-hill, on the 13th of July, I trode on something, I did not know what it was, I looked down, and saw it was a handkerchief, I picked it up, and went with it in my hand, and held it up, and said I had found something by coming to see the sight. I went across the way with it in my hand openly; and when I heard a noise of a pickpocket, and the gentleman coming, I threw it down, knowing it was not my property. I never offered to stir an inch. Then the gentleman said I picked his pocket of it.
Q. to Prosecutor. Are you certain you had it in your pocket when you was standing there?
Prosecutor. I am certain I had, and am confident it was taken out of my pocket; I had not put it in my pocket a minute; the prisoner was not above three yards from me on my seeing it in his hand, to the time of my taking hold of him.
For the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Stevens 
               



            : I have been acquainted with the prisoner about two years.

Q. What is he?
Stevens. He is a carver by trade, I never knew to the contrary but that he was an honest man; I have been in company with him many a time.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Wooley 
               



            . I have known him about two years.
Q. What is his general character?
E. Wooley. He has a very good character.



               Guilty
            . ||
|| See him tried by the name of Bennet, Numb, 132, in Sir Richard Glyn's mayoralty.




[Transportation. See summary.]


