






205, 206. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Stainer 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Griffin 
                  



                
            , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing one cloth coat, value 40 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 10 s. one pair of cloth breeches, value 10 s. one black crape gown, value 5 s. and one silk gown, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Murray 
                        




                      
                   in his dwelling-house
            , April 30
. ++


                  John 
                  Murray 
               



            . I am a perriwig-maker
, and live in Grubstreet


. The two prisoners lodged in my house as man and wife a fortnight and three days; when they were before the Magistrate, they said they were not married, and gave in these their names. The things mentioned in the indictment were taken out of a book-case which stood on a chest of drawers in their room, which was not let to them for their use, which I believe was lock'd, but I am not sure. I missed them the last day of April. I had given them warning the Saturday before, they went away directly; the woman was first taken, and, upon being charged with taking the things, the man begged of the woman, if she knew any thing of them, to confess Then she said she had taken and pawned them at Mr. Farmer's, in Jewin-street, where we found them.
Sarah his wife deposed to the same purport.


                  John 
                  Moreland 
               



            , the pawnbroker's servant, deposed, the woman brought the things at several times, and pledged them with him; and that he never saw the man in his life.


                  Thomas 
                  Craven 
               



            , the constable, confirmed that of the woman's confession, and the finding the things accordingly.
Griffin 


               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
Stainer 

               Acquitted
            .
