





212. (M.) 
               
                  Mary, wife
 of 
                     
                        Elias 
                        Flanders 
                     







            , was indicted for 


               stealing 2 ounces of silk, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pattersgale 
                  




                
            , June 7
. ||


                  John 
                  Norbury 
               



            . I live in Hoxton Market place; I am a weaver, and work for Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Pattersgale 
               



            ; he lives in Friday street in the City, I hired the prisoner out of Spittle fields market, at 3 s. per week, on the 3d of June last, to work in my house, at winding of silk; she came to live with me the same day, and lived with me 5 days, the silk was Mr. Pattersgale's silk, but in my care; I miss'd some silk when I carried it home, and I thought to catch her, if possible, I weighed 2 empty bobbins, and also some silk which she was to wind upon them bobbins; this was on the 7th of June; she took the silk at the usual place; when she had done it i weighed it again, and I ought to have had 12 ounces, and 6 drams, and there were an ounce and 7 drams missing. I charged her with taking part of the silk; she confessed she had sold it to one 
               
                  John 
                  Cornelius 
               



            , a man we have had suspicion on in the trade some time, but we cannot take him.
Court. We should be glad to see that man here.
Magdalen Sturt. I heard the prisoner own she had sold the silk to Cornelius, this was before the Justice.
Prisoner's Defence.
I hope the court will take it into consideration, I never did such a thing before, and Mr. Cornelius persuaded me to do it.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


