





108. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Messenger 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one outside case of a watch, val. 30 s. one pair of linnen sheets, val. 5 s. 3 linnen table cloths, val. 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Jennings 
                  




                
            , Feb. 14
. *


                  George 
                  Jennings 
               



            . I live opposite to Exeter-Change in the Strand. The prisoner was my servant
. On the day the fire was in the Strand, a friend of mine put up some of my things, in order for moving them in case of danger; these things mentioned were put into a bag, and there they lay 3 or 4 days; as we were alarmed a second time with the fire, we thought proper to let them abide in the bag; and about a fortnight ago this gold case of the watch was missing.
Q. Had you seen it between the time it was put into that bag, and the time it was missing?
Jennings. I saw it the day after the fire, and not after that, till it was found upon the prisoner on Friday the 18th. The prisoner had let a lodger's servant see the watch-case, who informed us of it; upon which she was taken up, and before justice Mombray she said she picked it up the day after the fire, as she was sweeping the shop, and that she intended to give it to her mistress. (Produced in court and deposed to.)
Q. When was the fire?
Jennings. It was a month ago last Friday.


                  Mary 
                  Jennings 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor, the prisoner was my servant for 3 months. The watch-case was missing about a fortnight ago; I asked her if she had seen it; she said, no, madam, but I hope we shall find it: I never suspected that she had it. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Scarborough 
               



             said she had seen such a case in the custody of the prisoner. I called her up, and told her, I heard she had got a watch, and desired her to oblige me with the sight of it. She said, she had not got it then, but it was not a gold case, and she had sent it to her brother 3 months ago. I said, I heard you had one last Monday se'nnight in your pocket; she positively denied it. I asked her if she would let me look into her box. She said, with all her heart. I looked into her box, but could not find any thing that I could accuse her with. When she and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Scarborough 
               



             were together, I began about it again: then the prisoner began to equivocate a little; then we thought proper to send for a constable; when he came, she pulled me by the apron, and said she would tell me where it was, and, when she and I got to the dining room door, she said, I charge you, madam, not to say that. I had it. I went up into her room, she took it from under her bed, and gave it into my hand: when she came down, she said, she picked it up wrapped up in a paper, in the back shop, and had an intention to give it me again. She had told it to some in the family, that she had some table linnen and sheets at her brother's. I sent to her brother, desiring him to bring what he had of that sort of hers to me; the next morning her brother and sister came, and brought 3 table cloths, and a pair of sheets, which I swore to to be my property, which at that time I had not missed, the prisoner was then in Newgate
Elizabeth Scarborough. I live servant with a lodger at Mr. Jennings's; last Monday was fortnight I was in the kitchen, I wanted to know what it was o'clock; the prisoner pulled out a gold case of a watch, it was in whited brown paper, and I saw some cotton in the inside of it. She said, this is another watch which her sister had left her, that her sister had left her two.
Prisoner's Defence.
I found the watch-case wrapped up in paper, as I was sweeping the shop, I put it into my pocket, but did not intend to keep it.




               Guilty 39 s.
            



               T
            .
