







186, 187, 188. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bailey 
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Brown 
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wiffen 
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing twelve yards of canvas, value 6 s. six fathom of cable rope, value 6 s. and four fathom of cordage, called plats
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Brooks 
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Degan 
                  



               
            , Feb. 2
. ||


                  Francis 
                  Degan 
               



            . I am a merchant
, in partnership

 with Mr. Brooks, in a ship called the Liberty, she lies now near Union-stairs, Wapping


; there has been several things taken out of her, particularly half a bolt of canvas, the cable that the ship was made fast to was cut, and six or seven fathom of cable plats taken away, that is what we call cordage; the prisoners were all apprehended on the 2d of February.


                  John 
                  Keith 
               



            . I am sixteen years of age, I belong to a ship called the Reading, one of the prisoners belong to her, another to a Virginia-man; the other does not belong to the Liberty: I saw Bailey cut the cable, and 
               
                  John 
                  Wiffen 
               



             take three rolls of plat, on the 2d of February the ship; I belong to lay a long side the Liberty; Brown helped them over the ship's bow with the things, they told me they sold them for half a crown; they got the canvas from out of the ship, but I do not know from what part of her that was taken before they cut the cable.



                  Peter 
                  Masiear 
               



            . On the 2d of February, the ship Liberty was a drift; I ordered some of my men to go on board to make her fast; when they came on shore again, one of my men said the cable was cut; when they were before the Justices they all three confessed they were concerned in taking the things.


                  John 
                  Webb 
               



            . I am a constable, I took up the three prisoners, I heard them say they wished they had never cut the cable, before they came before the Justices, and when they came there they confessed they had cut it and sold it.
All three 


               Guilty. 10 d.
            





               T
            .
