






270. (L.) 
               
                  Elizabeth, wife

 of 
                     
                        - 
                        Saunders 
                     



                  , otherwise 
Elizabeth Thompson, spinster






            , was indicted for 


               stealing 23 guineas, 6 half guineas, 4 quarter guineas, and one 36 s. piece, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Peircall 
                        



                      
                  , from the person of Elizabeth his wife, privately and without her knowledge
            , April 4
. *


                     Elizabeth 
                     Peircall 
                  



                
            . I live at St. Alban's, my husband is named William; I had been at Mrs. Angier's house, at the Hen and Chickens in Houndsditch, where I had received 3 l. 5 s. 6 d. I went from thence about one in the day; going by Still-alley in Houndsditch


, the prisoner called after me and said, Madam, have you dropt some thing? I looked back and said, I don't know that I have: she said, you have dropt some gold. I knew I had gold in two papers in my pocket. She said, don't hurry yourself, but look in your pocket, and see what you have dropt: I like a silly woman took my apron up, and pulled out my halfpence and silver, and the paper that I lost, with the gold in it; I said I had lost nothing, and put them in my pocket, though I have both taken and paid money. Said she, the gentleman in the shop took up a little box with a Queen Anne's half crown, a silver thimble, and a four and sixpenny piece of gold. I said it was not mine, and I thank you for calling after me: as I turned myself away to go to the Swan and Two Necks in St. John's-street, she said, O dear, somebody has dawbed your cloak, give me your handkerchief, I'll wipe it off. I said, be so kind as to wipe it off with the corner of my apron, and I'll be obliged to you; a carriage was coming by, she pulled me, and wanted me to come into the alley I (can't say whether it was a cart or a dray) and in the mean time she picked my pocket; for I had not got 20 yards from the place before I missed the paper with the gold in it, that I had just before pulled out; there was 33 l. I could safely swear that, I believe there was more, but I cannot tell till I come home to count up my bills; then I was greatly frighted, and went into a public-house that joins to the alley; I said I had had my pocket picked, and that I was ruined: I was told I might search any body without a constable. I went back to Mrs. Angier's, she sent for a constable; I went into Woolpack-alley to see for the prisoner. When I came back again, I was advised to go to Justice Fielding; I went, he was not at home, then I came back; then a Jew woman, 
               
                  Rachel 
                  Levi 
               



            , said she saw a woman wiping my cloak. I said, do you know her face. She said she did: I said, I'll give you a guinea if you can find her, and swear to her; she found her, and I gave her the guinea. One Garrick, a Jew, took her up the same night; she was brought to Mrs. Angier's house about 8 o'clock; as soon as I saw her I said, that is the woman, I would swear to her. Mr. Garrick put a pair of handcuffs on her, and I saw her searched, and there were 24 l. 5 s. and 9 d. found upon her; I described the pieces of my money before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , one 36 s. piece, the rest in guineas, half guineas, and quarter guineas.


                  Sarah 
                  Angier 
               



            . I keep a stay-shop at the Hen and Chickens in Houndsditch; the prosecutrix stitches our stays
, she lives at St. Alban's; she came up to receive her quarterly money; she received three guineas and two shillings and six-pence. She left my house that day about a quarter after one in the day; I went down stairs to mind the shop; I had not been there above four minutes before she came again, crying in a very terrible manner, saying, I am ruined! I am ruined! She told me the story she has told now. We went to Justice Fielding's, but he not being at home, we came back again; the constable went to an ale-house in Houndsditch to look for the woman; she was found and brought; the Jew woman said, that was the woman that was wiping Mrs. Peircall's cloak, she being passing by at the time. Mrs. Peircall had offered her a guinea if she could find the woman. Mrs. Piercall said, she could swear she was the very woman. The prisoner had a bundle of cloaths in her hand. After Mr. Garrick had handcuffed her, he searched her pockets, and took out 21 guineas, one half guinea, a 36 s. piece, and 3 five and three-penny pieces; then we called a coach and took her to the Compter; she did not chuse to walk, so was carried in and out of the coach. When she got to the Poultry Compter she called for Mr. Ross, one of the turnkeys, and other people, as though it was her real habitation. The next day we took her before my Lord Mayor, there we related the same as now. My Lord asked her what she had got to say: she said her business was in selling cloaths, and could not do without large sums of money. She was asked how she came by the money found upon her; she could give no account. When the Jew was searching her, she said she had about 500 l. in Bank notes in her pocket. As we were in the coach going along, she mentioned borrowing the money at the corner of some street; she said she was as innocent as Adam; then the Jew woman said, you are Eve.
Q. Did the prisoner admit she had seen Mrs. Peircall before?
S. Angier. Before my Lord Mayor she said, she had not been in Houndsditch all the day.


                  Rachel 
                  Levi 
               



            . This day se'nnight I was going to my brother in Woolpack-alley; to cut the way short, I went through Still-alley; the alley is very narrow, there is an iron bar to stop horses from going through. I saw a man go through sideways, I being pretty bulky could not get through by the prisoner; I stood still some time behind her, she was wiping the prosecutrix on her shoulder with her apron: I said, pray let me pass. The prisoner turned herself aside, and said, yes, I ask pardon for detaining you so long; then I past by. About an hour after I went to look for my husband in Houndsditch, they said a woman had lost her money. I went to see what it was, and saw the gentlewoman standing with several people round her. I said, Madam, where did you lose your money? She said at the corner of Still-alley. I said, I was passing by at the same time, I saw a woman wiping your cloak. Pray, said she, can you tell me any thing about this woman. I said, I have seen her pass and repass several times; if I meet her, pray may I have her stopped? She said pray do, and bring her to this gentlewoman's, meaning Mrs. Angier's, and I'll answer for you. I met Markas Garrick and told him of it; he happened to meet with her, and I was called to see her; I am certain the prisoner is the same woman that I saw wiping the cloak, but did not see her take any thing.
Q. What is the prisoner?
R. Levi. I have heard say she buys and sells old cloaths

.
Markas Garrick. On Friday last I came through Houndsditch about 5 in the afternoon; I met an acquaintance of mine, who told me a woman was robbed of 30 odd guineas: the prisoner was described to me as the person that robbed her. After that, going through Woolpack-alley, I met the prisoner; I asked her if she was not in Houndsditch that day; she said no: I said, a woman had been robbed of some money, and she was looked upon as the person that robbed her. She said she knew nothing of it. I took her to Mrs. Angier's, the prosecutrix said that was the very woman that wiped her cloak. I searched the prisoner, and took out of her pocket 17 guineas, 7 half guineas, 3 five and threepenny pieces, a 36 s. piece, and 3 s. 6 d. in silver. I brought her to the Poultry Compter, and the next morning before my Lord Mayor, and he committed her. The money was all loose in her pocket; I delivered it to Mr. Ford in this place yesterday.
Mr. Ford produced the money, and deposed it was the same identical money be received of the last evidence.
S. Angier. Here is a piece of whity brown paper which was found upon my counter after the prisoner was searched, (producing it.)
Prosecutrix. I think this is the same paper that my money was in when it was taken from me.
S. Angier. Mr. Garrick told us, the prisoner had offered him five guineas when he took her up if he would let her go.
Q. to Garrick. Do you remember her offering you any money?
Garrick. I do not remember it.
Prosecutrix. Mr. Garrick told me the same as Mrs. Angier has mentioned, and that he said he would not touch it if she had offered him the whole.
Prisoner's defence.
Mr. Garrick challenged me with this thing: I asked him what he meant by it; he said, come with me over the way; I said, with all my heart: he said, have you any money about you; I said I have; he took me to the gentlewoman's house and handcuffed me; he asked me where I had the money; I said, don't you know me; he said, yes, I do; he put me in a coach and drove me to the Compter, it is my own money. Here is a baker, a stranger to me, sent to me; I believe he knows more about it than any body here.
For the prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Judd 
               



            . I am a journeyman baker, and live in Petticoat-lane; I never saw the prisoner before with my eyes to my knowledge. I was coming down Houndsditch last Friday, and at Mrs. Angier's shop I saw a great congregation of people; I stepped in, and heard the gentlewoman say she was not certain whether she put her money in her pocket, or whether she put it on one side.

Q. Who are you servant to?
Judd. I am servant to Mr. Harrington.
Prosecutrix. I did not see this man at Mrs. Angier's house.
S. Angier. I did not see him there; there was a great mob about the door.
Q. to prosecutrix. Did you say as this man has related?
Prosecutrix. No, I never said such a word; for I am certain and sure I put my money in my pocket.
Q. to S. Angier. Did you hear Mrs. Piercall say such words as has been related?
S. Angier. I asked her in particular if she was sure she put it in her pocket, and she said yes.
Q. If she had said otherwise should you have heard her?
S. Angier. I think I should.
Prosecutrix. I am very certain I put it in my pocket, and put my handkerchief upon it.


                  Joshua 
                  Pritchard 
               



            . I am a hawker of fish: I have known the prisoner 12 or 14 years, I know her to be a very honest hard working body: she deals in old cloaths; I have known her to have 20, 30, or 40 l. worth of goods at a time, she has bought of pawnbrokers; I have lent her 10 or 20 s. at a time.


                  Thomas 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I am a stay-maker; I have known the prisoner between 6 and 7 years; I know nothing ill of her, she always behaved honestly by me; I have made stays for her, and bought linen of her.
Q. Where does she live?
Taylor. I do not know.


                  Priscilla 
                  Millson 
               



            . I have known her 7 or 8 years; she deals in Rag-fair, so do I; I never knew no harm by her.
Q. Does she trade largely?
Millson. I believe she may buy 20 or 30 l. worth of goods at a time.


                  John 
                  Carey 
               



            . I have known her about 6 or 7 years; I never knew any thing amiss of her till now. She deals in old cloaths; I have lent her many a pound to buy large lots, by 3 or 4 guineas at a time.
Q. Did you ever know her to have 20 l. by her at a time?
Carey. No.
Q. Where do you live?
Carey. I am a publican, I keep the Ship in Gravel-lane, Houndsditch.


                  Frances 
                  Hawley 
               



            . I have known her 12 or 13 years; she deals in old cloaths; I quilt; I have bought curtains and old stuff of her, I never saw no harm by her; I have seen her with great lots of goods at a time, I do not know her substance.
For the prosecution.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Killingworth 
               



            . I have known the prisoner 7 or 8 years; upon my oath she is every thing that is bad, I see her almost every day.
Q. Is she in a way of dealing so as to have 20 or 30 l. by her at a time?
Killingworth. Not honestly; I never saw her deal in old cloaths, and I live in the Minories, where such dealers are to be met with.
Q. Where does she live?
Killingworth. I do not know, she is a very dangerous woman.


                  Samuel 
                  Oakley 
               



            . I keep the Red Cross in the Minories; I have known her from about last February was twelvemonth, her character is infamous throughout the neighbourhood; as to her dealing in cloaths, I know almost every one that does, I never saw her with a pennyworth of goods about her; I never knew her to deal in cloaths in my life; I keep a pawnbroker's shop, and deal with people in that business; she never bought any of me, or any body else as I know of.
Q. What business does she follow?
Oakley. I believe the same business as she is now trying for.
Q. Where does she live?
Oakley. Sometimes at Black-friars, sometimes about Petticoat-lane, we cannot find her any where for a month together.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 



               T
            ,
