





442. (M) 
               
                  Martha, otherwise 
Margaret Delaney


            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a canvas-bag, value 1 d. five guineas, one half guinea, and ten shillings in money numbered the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Kershaw 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , March 10
. ++


                  George 
                  Kershaw 
               



            . I had been at Whitechapel with two loads of hay, I sold it for three guineas and a half; I am servant
 to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Cooper 
               



            , at Holloway; going home with the two carts through Islington


, between six and seven in the evening, the prisoner was standing at the door of the Pied-Bull


; she pulled me off my horse, and carried me into the house; I had never seen her but once before in my life, that was above a month before; she said she would treat me; we had only a pint of beer; we were alone in the parlour, I staid about half an hour; I pulled out my purse to pay for the beer; there was my master's three guineas and a half, the rest was my own; in the whole five guineas and a half, and ten shillings and six-pence; after I had put my purse in my breeches-pocket, with this money in it, she pulled it out again; I did not know she was pulling it out, till she had it in her hand.
Q. Was you sober?
Kershaw. I was, I had not drank above a pot; I could not take the money from her, so I went to the other room for assistance; she got out at the back-door, and got away; I never got the money again.


                  Joseph 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I belong to the patrole at Islington; I saw the prisoner take the man from his horse, they went into the alehouse, what past I know not.
Prisoner's defence.
I never was in company with the man in my life, I never drank with him till that night; he took me up at the Red-lion in Rosamond's-row.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
