






444. 445. (M.) 
               

                              John 
                              Robinson 
                           



                         
                     , and Mary
                   his 
                  wife





            , were indicted for 


               stealing three quart pewter pots, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Champion 
                  




                
            , widow
, August 16
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Champion 
               



            . The woman at the bar has used my house seven years; I was above, and heard the cry, Stop them, stop them: I came down, and found the woman was taken, and the man ran away; she used to come in every day, in the morning for a halfpennyworth of gin, and for a pennyworth of beer in the afternoon: that morning she stood groaning under the pots, and the neighbours took pity on her. When I found what she was charged with, I asked her for the key of her door? she said, the door was open: I went there; there were, I believe, twenty publicans at the door; I could not get in for some time: at last when I got in, there were none of my pots: I have lost a great number.


                  Jane 
                  Champion 
               



            . I heard our little girl, 
               
                  Esther 
                  Hickman 
               



            , say, here is a woman taking the pots off of the shelf; the man at the bar took hold of the girl's hands, and called for a knife, while the woman ran away: then he whip'd out at the back door, and ran away, and I after him out at the fore door.
Q. What did he want the knife for?
J. Champion. I do not know. The girl said there were three pots, and he was taking the fourth: I saw the girl taking them out of the woman's hand. (Three pewter pots produced and deposed to.) These are the three pots: after we got the woman, he came again to see for her, and we secured him.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
John 


               Guilty, 10 d.
            



               T
            .
Mary 

               Acquitted
            .
