







140. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ewrin 
                  




                     Andrew 
                     Flanigan 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Terrence 
                     Smith 
                  



                
            , were indicted, for 


               that they, with certain offensive weapons on 
                     
                        Roseman 
                        Howard 
                     




                    did make an assault, with a felonious intent the money of the said Roseman to steal
            , &c. March 7
. ++
Roseman Howard. The three prisoners stopped me in Wytch-street by the Two-brewers


, on the seventh of March, about one in the morning. They demanded my money; I told them I had none. Ewrin and Flanigan laid hold of me, and Smith put his hand in my right-hand pocket.

Q. Did he take any money from you?
Howard. No, he did not; because I had none.
Q. Which of them asked you for your money?
Howard. Smith did, and the other two held their bludgeons up; and said, If I had no money they would knock my brains out. (He produced a thick bludgeon, about two foot and a half long) this is one of the bludgeons, I took it from Flanigan. They left me, and went up the street, towards Drury-lane. Flanigan said, the next time I came without money they would knock my brains out. I went to the watchman, by the Ship alehouse in Drury-lane, and asked him if he had seen three such boys; he said yes, he had, about 12 o'clock. He said, if you will go along with me, we can apprehend them. We met them in Drury-lane, about an hour and half afterwards. I took one, and he another. Smith got away, but he came to the others the next morning, and the beadle laid hold of him; they were carried to St. Clement's Round-house. They were taken before justice Fielding, he asked them, if they owned any thing, after I had charged them; they said yes, and there was a dispute betwixt Smith and Flanigan, which of them had their hand in my pocket.
Q. Which of them owned it?
Howard. They all owned it.
Q. Where do you live?
Howard. I live in Drury-lane.
Q. What are you?
Howard. I am a sawyer.
Q. Where do you work?
Howard, I work for Mr. James in Clare market.
Q. Have you worked for him any time?
Howard. I have, on and off, for three years.
Q. Do you work for him now?
Howard. I do.
Q. from Smith. Whether he had two sticks that night?
Howard. Yes.
Q. What is the watchman's name?
Howard. His name is Philips.


                  Daniel 
                  Brotherton 
               



            . I am a beadle.
Q. Where is Philips?
Brotherton. He is not here; I being beadle of the night, the prisoners Flanigan and Ewrin were brought to me, on the 7th of March, about three in the morning, I was in the watch-house. I asked Philips, what was the meaning of bringing them there; Howard told me, it was for stopping him in the street, and putting him in danger of his life. I asked him how they did it; he said, he was afraid of being knocked down. I asked the two boys afterwards, how they came to do it; they said, they were not the identical persons that put the hand in his pocket, but it was one that had made his escape. They said, they were very sorry, and desired the prosecutor to be favourable to them, and cry'd.
Ewrin's defence.
We were sitting on the bench in Wytch-street, the gentleman asked us what ship we belonged to; I told him, I belonged to the Richmond-frigate; he said, he belonged to the Yarmouth, the last war. I asked him for three-halfpence, towards a pot of beer. About an hour afterwards he stopped us, and charged the watchman with us; and said, we were going to rob him in the street.
Flanigan and Smith said the same in their defence.
Flanigan called four witnesses. The first had known him about seven years. The second about three. The third about five. And the last, between four and five; who all gave him a good character.
All three 

               Guilty
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


