





66. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Phillips 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three yards of woollen cloth, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Ament 
                        




                      
                  , privately in his shop
            , October 24
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Ament 
               



            . I am a woollen-draper and salesman
, and live at No. 27, in Hollowell-street, Shoreditch


. The prisoner came into my shop the 25th of October, about ten or eleven in the forenoon; he wanted to see a pair of black stocking breeches; I shewed him a pair: he went to the end of the compter in order to try them on. At the end of the compter there lay some Bath-coting, and some other things: they did not fit him; I reached him another pair, he said they did not; then I reached another: then he walked out with a pair, in order to show me that they did not come high enough on the hip. Then he said, as they did not fit him, he would call again in an hour: as he was stooping to buckle his shoes. I observed something bulky on his back part: I laid hold of his coat, (he had two coats on) I said, what have you got here? You have something that you should not have: he said no, I have nothing at all. I said, you have made a great mistake; let me see what it is. With some difficulty I got to the bell, and rang for my people to come down; I being a constable, thought proper not to act on my own account. I sent for another officer, I was obliged to let go the piece to ring the bell, and then he let it drop; I found, when I had hold of the end of it, part of it was in the waistband of his breeches, and great part hung out. (Produced and deposed to.) It lay upon a shelf on the same side he was on, beyond the compter about a yard and quarter from the place were he was trying the breeches, before he took it.


                  Samuel 
                  Fletcher 
               



            . I am the officer; the prosecutor sent for me; I asked the prisoner, how he came to do so? I had charge given me of him. Mr. Ament said, he pulled it from the prisoner's breeches. The prisoner said, he pulled it from himself, and that he did not know how it came into his breeches: he offered to make the prosecutor a present of two guineas, if he would not take him before a magistrate: Mr. Ament said, he would not take any thing, he should take what the law allowed.
Prisoner's Defence.
He stood by me when I had the breeches on. I came to his shop for a pair of stocking breeches: he said he had none, but he had black cloth ones; he showed me a pair; I said they were too big for me; I would not try them on a good while; he desired I would, so I did; he showed me the place where I might try them; this piece of cloth lay on the compter, with other cloths; the breeches were too big for me; he showed me two other pairs, they did not sit; he said he could get me a pair in two hours: I asked him the price, he said fifteen shillings; I offered him nine; he fell into a passion, and said I came to steal his cloth; and called me all the Jew thieves and villains he could; and said, before I go out he would search me: I went to put my breeches on; he said, pray how come this cloth off the shelf? I stood still, and said not a word; he took hold of the cloth and called for assistance; I was with my breeches half on and half off; he called his people down, and gave charge of me; and sent for a constable: the constable said, it was impossible I could put them in my breeches; he insisted upon holding me; I said I would not be held; he was taking me before a justice; I said then, I would have a coach; then I said, I would give two guineas for any of my relations to be there, to see how ill I had been used; when I came before the justice, I did not know whether I was dead or alive, I was so surprized; I was sent from thence to Clerkenwell Bridwell.
He called 
               
                  James 
                  Fromantele 
               



            , 
               
                  Levi 
                  Frederick 
               



            , Abraham Bullflipman, 
               
                  Henry 
                  Keys 
               



            , William Wright, and Hyam Levi, who said he was an industrious man, and had a general good character.




               Guilty, 4 s. 6 d.
            



               T
            .
