






515. (L.) 
               
                  John 
                  Brown 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing ten pair of stockings, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Corrall 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said Samuel
            , August 16
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Corrall 
               



            . I keep two shops
; one in the cloysters, the other in Windmill-court, Pye-corner


: my sister attends that in Windmill-court, (a stocking shop); she can give an account of what passed.


                  Anne 
                  Johnson 
               



            . I keep my brother's shop. On the 16th of August, between nine and ten at night, the maid was shutting the shop up; the prisoner and another man came in, pretending to buy a pair of stockings; the other man asked to look at a pair of black. I reached down a paper with five pair, and asked four-pence more than the common price, because I did not like the men, and wanted them gone; the prisoner asked for black-ribb'd ones; he pretended to be drunk, and reel'd about; he went out, and came in again, then asked for light grey: I reached down a paper that had eleven pair in it; I opened it, and shewed the other man the top pair; the prisoner walked about, and said, they were an ugly colour: the other man laid them down, and they both went out at the door. Then they came in again, and the prisoner had not been in the shop two minutes, before he catched up the ten pair, and ran out with them; the other man fraid in the shop: there was a third person; he did not come in at all, but stood at the door. When they came in, the maid went in pursuit of the prisoner, and the other man went out after the maid.


                  Anne 
                  Howard 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner and another man coming down the court, whispering together: they stepped into the shop, and asked to see some stockings: I was close by the prisoner, when he took up the stockings, and ran away with them; I ran after him, and called stop thief; a boy picked up the stockings and delivered them to me, and a gentleman catched him, and brought him back in about ten minutes.


                  Thomas 
                  Warrin 
               



            . I heard the cry, Stop thief; the prisoner was running, and dropped the stockings; I took them up; he ran as far as the end of Hosier-lane, where he was taken by one Mr. Cox. The prisoner was in a sailor's blue jacket. So said the other two witnesses.
Prisoner's Defence.
As soon as I was taken, I was sent to Woodstreet Compter. They say I was in a sailor's dress; I could not change my dress: the gaoler knows I was in a blue surtout coat.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
