





208. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Fenley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a gold watch, value 8 l. and a cornelian seal set in gold, value 20 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gouge 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; privately from his person
            , April 2
. ++


                  William 
                  Gouge 
               



            . On Wednesday se'nnight, coming out of Drury-lane-playhouse


, I was going to look for a chair; the prisoner and another man pushed me back into the croud, one on one side, the other on the other; I felt a pulling at my sword; I turned about to save that, and immediately felt my watch go; and I have great reason to suspect he was one that took my watch.


                  John 
                  Gilder 
               



            . I live at the corner of Middle-row, St. Giles's, and am a watchmaker; I was coming from the play the same evening; there was a stop in the passage; I looked and saw a watch lie on the ground; I picked it up; the case was separated;  I put the watch in my left coat pocket, and the case in the other: the prisoner came and said, D - n you, you have picked up something; he took hold, of my right arm, and another on my other, and forced me into Bridges-street, I said I had picked up something, and desired them to let me go; I felt a hand in my right hand pocket, and the case was gone: then they left me. My sister knew him by his frequently passing by the door; and my father took him up the next day, and brought him to our house. We took him before Justice Welch, and charged him with assaulting me, and taking the case out of my pocket. He did admit he had the case from me.


                  Judith 
                  Gilder 
               



            . I was with my brother at the play, the 2d of April; there was a stoppage in the passage: I saw the watch and case lying; my brother took them up, and put one in one pocket, and the other in the other; the prisoner d - d him, and said he had picked up something, and laid hold of him. My brother said if he had, he thought it did not belong to him. Then the prisoner and another man dragged him into the street, and they took the case from him. I had seen the prisoner pass by, so I knew him; by which means he was taken up.


                  John 
                  Gilder 
               



            . The case was sent to Justice Welch's, after he was committed.
Q. to 
               
                  Judith 
                  Gilder 
               



            . Did not the prisoner claim a part of what was found?
Gilder. No, he did not.
Mr. Gilder, sen. My son and daughter came home, and said they had picked up a watch, and how two men had collared him, and taken the case: my daughter said she knew the man. We described the prisoner to a neighbour; he said he'd be hanged if it was not Charles Fenley. He soon came by; the neighbour called and shewed me him. I stept to him, and said I wanted to speak to him: Was not you at Drury-lane playhouse last night? No, said he. Did not you take a watch-case out of a man's pocket? God forbid, said he, and denied it. I called my son down; he denied it to him. Then we got a constable; then he owned he did take it, and thought he had as much right to the watch as he, as he saw it on the ground, but could not get at it. The prisoner was committed, on suspicion for taking the case out of my son's pocket, and picking a gentleman's pocket of a gold watch. The watch was advertised by the prosecutor: then I and my son went and carried the watch; we found the case at Mr. Welch's, the Tuesday after: Fenley owned he had sent it by an attorney.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming out of the playhouse: I kicked something with my foot; the gentleman stooped, I said, You have got something not your property: I believe, as he had his hand in his pocket, I did shake the it out of his hand: I knew it was not his own, because he said, Gentlemen, I have picked up a watch, and I shall have it forced from me.
To his character.


                  Samuel 
                  Smith 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ten year; he a turner; he is very honest as far as I know. I am a plaisterer by trade.


                  John 
                  Hall 
               



            . I am a shoemaker in Gray's inn-lane; I have known him eight years; he is a very honest man, as far as I know: I heard he had money left him about a year and half ago; then he left off business.


                  Robert 
                  Lee 
               



            . I have known him several years; I never heard any ill of him. Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person. 




               Guilty
            



               T
            .
See him tried by the name of C. Fendall, No. 349. in Sir Charles Asgill's Mayorality.
