





234. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Hunt 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of stays, val. 2 s. one stuff petticoat, val. 2 s. one pair of gauze ruffles, val. 3 s. one gauze apron, val. 2 s. one gauze handkerchief, val. 1 s. on linnen cap, val. 6 d. one ribbon, one stuff petticoat, val. 10 s. two sattin cardinals, one silk hat, one necklace, two linnen shifts, two linnen gowns, val. 10 s. two table cloths, one stuff gown, and one pair of stockings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Winifred 
                     Williams 
                  




                
            , April 23
. ++


                  Winifred 
                  Williams 
               



            . I am a Manteau-maker
, and live in Coventry-street in the Hay market


; the prisoner came to live with me on a Saturday morning, and on the Monday morning she was gone, and the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name) were missing. In four or five days after the prisoner was stopped at Mr. Johnson's, a pawnbroker, in St. Ann's; she was put in the round-house, there I saw her: she pretended she did not intend to rob me, but to bring them back again: she said I had lent her the things. I asked her what she had done with her own? she said she had gave them away. She had my sattin cardinal, my laced shift, stays, handkerchief, garnet necklace, white stuff petticoat, and handkerchief on, and my blue silk cardinal in a handkerchief. (Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  William 
                  Rose 
               



            . I am the constable that had her in charge on Wednesday the 20th of April, she had some of these things on here produced.


                  Ruth 
                  Ellis 
               



            . I live in the same house the prosecutrix lodges at; the prisoner came on the Saturday, and went the things mentioned were all gone; the prosecutrix and I went to give notice of the things at the pawnbroker's, and at Mrs Johnson's the prisoner was stopped; I was at Mr. Johnson's when she came there, she swore a great oath she never saw me in her life.
Prosecutrix. I sent the prisoner with the black cardinal to pawn for 2 s. being in want of money, that is not in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence.
I thought the woman was a virtuous woman, and I offered myself to her as a servant, I thought 5 l. a year would be acceptable to me, as I am a poor widow; she sent me out for a pint of brandy, and gave me a glass of it; many fellows came in, porters and chairmen; I began to think I had got in a wrong place, I heard such words that a modest woman could not bear; I asked her how she could do so; she said, do you for me, and I'll do for you. She went and painted herself, and bid me put some of it on mine, and go and walk in the Park in that gown of hers, and I should sooner get a guinea than slave for 5 l. a year; so I went away to shun the evil.
For the Prisoner.


                  Murthe 
                  Mackaway 
               



            . I am a chairman. I have known 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Hunt 
               



             about two years. I hearing the prisoner was in trouble, went to the prosecutrix, she said she sent her to pawn the cardinal and other things, it was not for them that she had taken her up, but for calling her whore and bitch; I asked her what would satisfy her, she said nothing under 10 l. I have seen her about on nights.


                  Catherine 
                  Welch 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since the year 52.
Q. Do you know Mrs. Williams?
C. Welch. I have known many a whore.
Q. Look at her, do you know her? (She looks at her.)
C. Welch. I do not know her.
Court. How dare you behave in this manner? Do you think the Court can give credit to what you would infinuate, when you don't know the woman?
C. Welch. I know 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Hunt 
               



             to be a very honest servant.
Q. Where do you live?
C. Welch. In the Fleet-market.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
