





296. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary Frances 
                     Perry 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one camblet gown, value 5 s. half a yard of camblet, a pair of stays, a stuff petticoat, two aprons, a flannel petticoat, a silk handkerchief, a silk and cotton handkerchief, a linen handkerchief, three linen caps, two silk ribbons, a pair of leather gloves, a pair of thread stockings, a pair of worsted stockings, a pair of leather shoes, a pair of stuff pockets, and a linen shift
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Sidaway 
                  




                
            , February 28
. +


                  Rebecca 
                  Sidaway 
               



            . I lost the things mentioned in the indictment, on a Tuesday; I cannot justly say the day (she mentions them by name): when I found the prisoner, she had my hat, cloke, shift, handkerchief, petticoat, shoes and stockings upon her; the stays and other things she owned she had sold or pawned, and told me where.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
R. Sidaway. I never saw her, till I went to lodge at a house where she lodged, in Westminster


: she lay in the same bed with me, and she went away while I was asleep, and the things were missing at the same time.


                  James 
                  Haywood 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. (He produced a gown, apron, handkerchief, and cap): these were pledged to me by another woman, not the prisoner.
Prosecutrix. These are my property.


                  Anne 
                  Short 
               



            . The prosecutrix came to me, and said, the prisoner had robbed her of all she had: I saw the prisoner afterwards, with the things on her back, which the prosecutrix mentions, and heard her acknowledge to taking the rest.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did pawn the things: I was in necessity, and had no money.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            . 
