





48. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gelvin 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a thickset frock, value 20 s. a cloth waistcoat, value 10 s. a pair of leather breeches, value 10 s. four pair of stockings, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Start 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Andrew
            , Dec. 9
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Start 
               



            . My husband's name is Andrew; he is a milk-man
; we live in Salisbury-court


. Last Monday, between 2 and 3 in the afternoon, I was sitting in our house eating my dinner, a man came down stairs with a bundle in his left hand, and opened the door with his right, and let himself out. I went out, and called stop that man; the more I called out the faster he ran. He was stopped; it was the prisoner. When I came up to him he took two pair of stockings out of his waistcoat pockets, and one out of his coat pocket, and put them into my apron. He had laid down the bundle, and another man took that up: in the bundle were a frock, a waistcoat, a pair of leather breeches, and a pair of stockings. I had folded the cloaths and carried them up, when St. Paul's clock struck 12. (Produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Thomas 
                  Martin 
               



            . I saw the prisoner run very hard, and heard the cry of stop thief; I offered to stop him, he threw the bundle down; I took it up, and ran after him till he was taken. These are the things which were in the bundle.
Prisoner's defence.
A woman ran along, and threw the bundle out of her apron; I took it up and ran after her: I told this man the woman was gone forward. I had never a pair of stockings in my pocket. I am a silk weaver
; I can earn 15 s. a week.




               Guilty 30 s.
            



               T
            .
