









111, 112, 113, 114. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Walker 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Lambeth 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing 13 linen shirts, value 30 s. 5 pair of linen sheets, value 30 s. 10 linen table-cloths, value 30 s. 1 linen shaving cloth, value 12 d. 14 linen towels, value 5 s. and 8 linen napkins, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Merest 
                        



                      
                  , Esq
; 2 linen shifts, value 2 s. 2 flannel petticoats, value 2 s. and 3 linen aprons, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Bennet 
                        



                      
                  , spinster
, in a certain boat on the river Thames
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Welch 
                  



                
            , widow
, and 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Foy 
                  



                
            , widow
, for 


               receiving 3 table cloths, 2 napkins, 7 towells, 2 shifts, 1 shirt, and 1 apron, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , December 17

. ||


                  Elizabeth 
                  Bennet 
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Merest, in the little Cloysters Westminster; the things mentioned in the indictment, (mentioning them by name,) I put into a box, and locked it up, and kept the key; and it was sent to Mrs. Watkins at Laleham: she washes for us; she has a key to unlock and lock the box. I kept a bill of the things.
Q. When did you pack them up?
E. Bennet. I cannot tell the day, it was in last December, before Christmas; I saw it delivered to Mr. West's servant.


                  Daniel 
                  West 
               



            . I am a waterman, I work from Chertsey and the west country, to Queenhithe; my servant received the box mentioned, and I delivered it to Mrs. Watkins at Laleham, that is near Stanes; this was in December, before Christmas; it was locked and tied round with a cord: after that Mrs. Watkins delivered it again to my man, and he brought it safe, locked and corded, to my boat at Chertsey. I received it on board, it was very heavy; I brought it down to London, to Scotland-yard: we had many brooms on board; we laid them out upon a lighter, at Mr. Wood's wharf, to get some things out; then we put the box down into a hole, and laid the brooms upon it, being tired and hungry; as we could not get our boat off, the tide having in part left her, we went to an alehouse, and had some bread and cheese and beer, and were gone about three quarters of an hour: when we returned to the boat, we saw the brooms thrown about; we looked and missed the box: this was betwixt 11 and 12 at night.
Q. How was the box directed?
West. It was directed to Esq; Merest in the Little Cloysters.
Q. Did you not leave a person on board to watch the things?
West. No, I did not, I thought all were safe; I went that morning between 8 and 9 o'clock, and acquainted Mr. Merest of it, and took his advice what to do; he gave me a list of the things in the box, and I with his servant, went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and got some hand bills, and they were served out to the pawnbrokers, by which means it was discovered.
Q. Did you know either of the prisoners before?
West. I had seen Walker before on the river, he is an apprentice to the water; the chest was found the next morning, I was told of it at Black-friars stairs, and directed to the Old Swan; where I went and saw it, it had been broke open, and was empty. When I heard the two boys were taken, I went to the Gate-house to see them. Lambeth came up to me, and told me of several things that he had taken out of my boat, besides the box which I had not then missed, and he owned that he had taken the box of linen, and that they tried to break it open.
Q. Was Walker in the hearing of this?
West. He was, he stood by me at the time; Lambeth said they stole a boat and rowed up the river, and heard a gentleman call for oars; they took him in, and carried him to Whitehall; then they went on board a west-country barge, but got nothing, then they came to my vessel, which he called a broom-boat, and got into her stern, and tried at the cabbin, but that was locked; then he looked under the cloth, and saw a chest, and with a great oath said, here is a good prize: then they said let's heave it out, we will sell the things, and sit ourselves out for sea; they got it out of the hole and cut the rope, but could not then break it open upon the bulk; then they put a rope through the iron handles, and in lowering it down into their boat it fell, and hurt one of them very much; then they went away with it, and flung the rest of the things which they had taken over-board, near Scotland-yard; they rowed down to the Old Swan, and there broke it open, and carried the things off, but did not tell me where; they were both close together at the time Lambeth told me this.


                  Diana 
                  Watkins 
               



            . I received this box of linen from the waterman: I wash for the prosecutor, (she mentions the things by name, as in the indictment, being in it.) I live at Laleham, after I had washed them, I put them again into the box myself, and locked it with this key, (producing one) and corded it with a twopenny cord, and put a direction on it for Mr. Merest, in the Little Cloysters Westminster abbey, and saw it delivered to the waterman on the 16th of December, and on the 23d I was sent for to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, there I saw the two boys at the bar; they were asked how they came by the linen, Lambeth said, they went in a little boat, and got into a large one, and took the box out, and rowed away with it. Sir John said, well, Walker, what do you say, do you say as Lambeth has said. He said, yes sir, we did take it. They both said they broke the box open.


                  Samuel 
                  Whitmore 
               



            . On the 17th of December, about 4 in the afternoon, my wife bought this linen of the women at the bar. I was by and paid for it. They were both together.
Q. What are you?
Whitmore. I keep a cloaths shop, and sell shoes near Tower-hill. The whole came to 22 s. 6 d. (producing three table-cloths, six napkins, one apron, and a shaving-cloth.)
Q. to Bennet. Look at these things.
E. Bennet. These are my master's property. The linen was all marked I. M. and numbered.
Whitmore. I had a bill brought about 8 at night from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and I went and took Welch directly. When they sold them, they said they had been buying them at a gentleman's house, and there were a great many other things, and they would bring some sheets on the morrow. When I asked Welch about the other things, she cried and said, go to my house; take this key, (and gave me one) and open a trunk, there you will find some sheets. I took an officer with me, and went and found the hinge of the trunk broke behind, and we were told that Foy had been seen to get out at the window with some linen hanging out of her apron: after that we took her with these things upon her (producing more linen, deposed to by D. Watkins to be part of the things she sent in the box).
Israel Saunders On the 17th of December, Lambeth came to me and asked me the price of a jacket. I told him the price. He went away and came back again and bought one. He said, if I had known of you two or three hours ago, I could have sold you a very good bargain of Holland sheets and table-cloths that would cover a whole room: he said his father was captain of a frigate, and was dead; he had been at sea some years, and his mother that did live in the Mint, was killed in St. George's fields, and that Walker, who was with him, was his brother by the father's side, and they had b-to - s at home that had robbed his mother of many things, when she was killed, which they did not know of till they came from sea. Said I, what sort of things have you got? They said they had sold for 14 shillings and a pot of hot what was worth 4 or 5 guineas, to two women, names Welch and Foy; at the Blue Boar, and the next day they said they would come to me; then they went about their business. Sir John sent bills of these things being stolen into Rosemary-lane. After that the two boys came again, and brought two shirts and a pair of double ell Holland sheets; then I went to Mr. Murray, and borrowed a pair of handcuffs, and took the boys before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; they had two shirts of the same on. When they came to the Gatehouse, we bought them two cheque ones and put them on, and took the others from them.
Q. Do you know the prisoners Welch and Foy?
Saunders. I do, they are dealers; they buy kitchen stuff and things in the lane; they don't care what they buy, or how they are come by (the sheets and shirts produced, and deposed to by E. Bennet as the prosecutor's property).
Saunders. These sheets are worth two guineas a pair.
Walker's defence.
I had been to sea in an east country ship. I went to see a relation in Lambeth parish. We drank till it was pretty late, then we agreed to come to Westminster bridge, and take a boat, and come to the Old Swan: there came a man with a boat; he said, he would not carry us under six-pence. When we came into the boat, he had these things in a white napkin; he asked us if we would buy a shirt or two; we bought each of us one; then he said we should not have them without we bought the whole lump, so we bought the whole tote. The next morning we saw these marks upon them: we never went to do them out, but went to sell them. We sold some to these women. The next day that man stopped us, and while we were in prison the ship sailed. She lay at Rotherhithe, and belongs to Gottenburg.
Lambeth's defence.
It is true what he says.
Welch's defence.
I met the young men; they had some things tied up in a handkerchief; they shewed me these things at the Blue Boar. I agreed for them for 23 shillings: they said they were their own property, that their mother was killed in St. George's fields, and they had been abroad 9 years; that they buried her directly in Whitechapel. I never saw them before.

Foy's defence.
Mrs. Welch desired me to look at these things. I asked them where they got them; they said they were their mother's, who was killed, and they had been abroad.
Walker and Lambeth, 


               Guilty 39 s.
            




               T
            .
Welch and Foy 

               Acquitted
            .
