





498. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lovell 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the first of August
, about the hour of two in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Whittle 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, and steal two pewter dishes, value 6 d. and one pewter bottom to a scale, value 4 d. in the said dwelling-house, his property
            . ++


                  Thomas 
                  Whittle 
               



            . I live in Shoreditch


. My house was broke open on the first of August, about two in the morning; my wife alarmed me, and said there was a thief in the house: I went to sleep again, and between four and five, somebody came and told me my house was open. I came down, and found a shutter broke.
Q. What is your business?
Whittle. I keep a broker's shop
; the nails were drawn, and there was room for a person to to go in; but whether the shutter was fast bolted, or whether the nails were drawn out that night, I cannot tell: I missed a few pewter dishes, and this pewter scale. On the Monday, Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's men came, and told me they had found the thief, and if I would come to Sir John, I might hear more. The scale bottom I can swear to, the rest I cannot.


                  Joseph 
                  Bareav 
               



            . On the 5th of August, the prisoner offered to sell these things to me, (producing the things mentioned in the indictment.) I suspected they were stole, and stopped them and the prisoner, and carried him before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; there he confessed he had broke open a house in Shoreditch, and gave me directions where he stole the things.
Prisoner's Defence. 
I was going home in liquor, and heard a noise on the other side of the way; I crossed the way, and there were two men quarrelling; they both had hampers loaded with things; they walked away pretty fast, and I took up that bit of scale, and carried it home; this was on a Saturday night.
He called 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Driver 
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Jaques 
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lawson 
               



            , and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Boad 
               



            , who gave him a good character.




               Guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 


               T
            .
