





63. (M.) Loramy, wife
 of 
               
                  William 
                  Obrian 
               



            , otherwise 
               
                  Loramy 
                  Obrian 
               



            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of bed curtains, value 2 s. one large bible, value 3 s. one flowered silk gown value 6 s. one damask table cloth, value 1 s. one linnen sheet, value 2 s. one calico sheet, value 2 s. one-brass saucepan, value 1 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Lynn 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging room, let by contract
            , &c. Dec. 28
. ||


                  James 
                  Lynn 
               



            . The prisoner took a lodging room of me, at two shillings a week. I have known her six years.
Q. When did she come to live in her lodging?
Lynn. She came about four months ago. I lost out of a chest in my own dwelling room, a pair of sheets, a callico one, a silk gown, and a diaper table cloth.
Q. What did you lose out of the prisoner's lodging room?
Lynn. I lost a large bible, and the curtains from her bed, and a saucepan.
Q. Did you ever meet with them again?
Lynn. I found them again, by the prisoner's own confession.
Q. When did she confess it?
Lynn. I cannot say the time, it was some time ago; I believe about a fortnight ago, I am under a great deal of confusion, my wife lies bed-rid, and I have no-body but myself to attend her.
Q. What did the prisoner say she had done with them?
Lynn. She said, she had pawned my bible and the gown for six shillings. I do not remember what she said she pawned the other things for. [The curtains, bible, callica-sheet, gown and saucepan, produced in court, and deposed to.]
Mr. Ashberner. I have known the prisoner upwards of half a year.
Q. What are you?
Ashberner. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bedford-street, Bedford-row. These things here produced, were brought by the prisoner at the bar, and pawned at my house.
Q. What did you lend upon them, and when were they brought?
Ashberner. The gown was brought on the twenty-second of November, and pawned for seven shillings, the sheet the twenty-fourth for four shillings, the curtains the nineteenth of December for three shillings, the bible the twenty-fourth for three shillings; the saucepan the twenty-third for two shillings.
Q. Did you ask her whose property they were?
Ashberner. I did. She assured me that they were her own. She had been at our shop to pawn things before, and frequently redeemed them.


                  James 
                  Hunt 
               



            . I live in Parker's court, Knaves-acre, St. James's. I am a pawnbroker. I have known the prisoner four or five months. She has used to pawn things at our shop. I took in a sheet and table cloth of her. [ Produced in court.]
Prosecutor. I cannot be sure to these things.
Q. What can you be certain to?
Prosecutor. I can swear to the gown and bible.
Prisoner's defence.
The prosecutor agreed with me; I was to pay the money at so much a we, and I was to fetch them again, and was going for the things when I was taken up. She gave me so long a time to get them again.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you agree she should get them again, and so to forgive her?
Prosecutor. No; I did not.
Q. Did your wife make such an agreement?
Ashberner. I now nothing of that.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


