





296. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Murphy 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing six gold rings, value 3 l. and three silver table spoons, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Hugh 
                     Wallis 
                  




                
            , April 15
. *


                  Hugh 
                  Wallis 
               



            . I live at Cow-cross


, and am a pawnbroker
. On the 15th of last month, about half an hour after 8 at night, I heard a blow at my window, which broke the glass, but I did not see the hand; there were six gold rings and three silver table spoons hanging just by where the glass was broken, taken away; I went out immediately, but saw nobody: about three or four days after, I was informed by a neighbour the prisoner was taken up; I went to New-Prison, and enquired of him about them; he told me one Carral was concerned with him; that Carral broke the window and took the things away, and that he stood opposite the way at the time.


                  John 
                  Carral 
               



            . The prisoner said to me, if I would go with him to Hockley in the Hole he would treat me; when we were going, he said, he knew of a mill that would make us.
Q. What is a mill?
Carral. That is to break a window. He asked me to go with him: we went into Cow cross, we had not an opportunity to break it at first; said he, I will not break it, do you break it; I went and broke it with my left-hand, and took out the things with my right: there were six gold rings and three table spoons; the prisoner stood on the other side the way at the time. he ran one way and I another; I sold them to Old Bob that buys stolen things, he lives on the back side of Blackfriars church, and keeps a chandler's shop.
Q. What did he give you for them?
Carral. He gave us 35 s. 6 d. for them, and out of that I spent a shilling: I gave Murphy half a crown, and was to give him half a guinea more; I lost a five and three penny piece of it out of my pocket.
Prisoner's defence.
I was going one night to look for work; I met this fellow, he asked me to go with him to break some windows to make some money; I met him at the bottom of Clerkenwell-green; he went with me into Cow-cross; going along he broke a window. I went over the way, the glass fell about, I went to see for him and he was gone; there were three spoons and some gold rings taken out of the place; nobody charged me with it; I went about my business; after that, I went down to Wapping and met a young man coming back, who said he met such a one, who had such things in his pocket, and in four days after I met him, and asked him to be a penny towards a pint of beer; he took me to Islington and gave me part of two pots; I had no money, and he lent me 6 d. that is all I know of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him for stealing some cocks and bens.
