





304. (M.) 
               
                  Isabella
                   Patterson, spinster
, otherwise 
Isabella Anderson, spinster, otherwise 
Isdal




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 20 s. one linnen waistcoat, value 10 d. and 9 s. in money, number'd
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kircaldy 
               




             , Oct. 4
. +
The witnesses were examined apart at the desire of the prisoner.


                  Thomas 
                  Kircaldy 
               



            . As I was going home on the saturday in the evening, after receiving my wages.
Q. What saturday?
Kircaldy. The 4th of this month; I being acquainted with the woman at the bar, and I was in company with her in her own house.
Q. Where is that?
Kircaldy. It is in George court, East Smithfield


.
Q. What money had you about you?
Kircaldy. I had 13 s. and odd; I lost 9 s. and upwards; I found my waistcoat on her bed, and she own'd to me, that she sold my watch.
Q How did she say she came by it?
Kircaldy. She said, I gave it her; but that was false.
Q. Where did she say she sold the watch?
Kircaldy. She said, she sold it to Mr. Harding in the Minories; I ask'd him about it, and he says he has sold it.
Q. Was you in liquor?
Kircaldy. I was a little in liquor when I went in.
Q. Are you sure you did not give the prisoner your watch?
Kircaldy. I am sure I did not.
Q. Might not you leave your waistcoat on her bed?
Kircaldy. I cannot positively say as to that; but she denied at justice Fielding's, that she ever knew me.
Q. When did you miss your things?
Kircaldy. I never miss'd my watch and money till after I went away.
Q Was any other person in her room besides she and you?
Kircaldy. No, no other person; I have got my watch chain again.
Q. Where did you meet with that?
Kircaldy. It was found in the same house she lives in.
Q. Does she keep a public or a private house?
Kircaldy. It has not been very private, it is a private house, public for all comers; the landlord of the house delivered the chain to me.
Q. What is his name?
Kircaldy. His name is Callagan.


                  Mary 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I did live with the woman at the bar for some trifle of time; on a saturday night this man came; she and I had a few words, and I went and lay at another house; she came in the morning, and said, Polley come down; I was sleepy (we had had a pot of purl to dinner) said she, if you will make me a note of hand, I have got a tatler; I said, what is that? she said, it is a watch; she drew it out, there was a steel chain hanging to it; she said it was a Portuguese's; and that he had had a bad distemper, and she had him in cute. She took me up in the Minories, and sold it to Mr. Harding, a silversmith; I saw her sell it.
Q. Do you know whether it belong'd to the prosecutor?
M. Wilson. I can take my oath to the chain, that has since been found; she throw'd that away, and took the string from her neck, and put on the watch (the chain produced) - (she takes it in her hand) I will take my oath this is the same chain.


                  Mary 
                  Gilling 
               



            . The prosecutor went up into the room; he saw a waistcoat lying on the bed, he took it, and deliver'd it to me. I have no farther to say.



                  Jacob 
                  Warey 
               



            . I think the 10th of October I was charg'd with the prisoner; she was committed for further examination. She told me, she had taken a watch, the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kircaldy 
               



            , and if he would have been willing to have staid till she could make up the money, he should have it again, if he would not have prosecuted her.
Q. What did she say she had done with it?
Warey. She said, she had sold it to Mr. Harding for a guinea, and four shillings.


                  Patrick 
                  Callagan 
               



            . This chain, key, and seal, I found last saturday in my room. (producing them)
Q. Is your room above or below the prisoner's room?
Callagan. Her room is above mine, and there are holes in the floor, where she might let this drop into mine.
Q to Prosecutor. Look at this chain, key, and seal
Prosecutor. (he takes them in his hand) These are my property; these I lost with my watch.
Mr. Harding. I bought a watch of a Portuguese; I bought none of the prisoner.
Q Was the prisoner with him?
Harding. There were two women, the prisoner was one of them.
Prisoner's Defence.
Please you, my lord, this man says he was in my apartment on saturday night; that woman can witness I had 
               
                  Charles 
                  Carter 
               



             in bed with me all that night; I went out for a quartern of liquor in the morning; he follow'd me home, and gave me 6 d. for a dram; he insisted upon lying on my bed, and my going to bed with him; I said, I would not lie down without money, and told him, I had my rent to pay; I would have money, or money's worth. He propos'd to come on the sunday night, but never came again till he took me up, and charg'd me with the watch and money. The man gave me the watch to go to pawn; there were none but he and I together: as to people to my character, I do not love to trouble any body with my character. I own he gave me the watch, and I did sell it to Mr. Harding.
Court. Mr. Harding says, he bought it of a Portuguese,
Prisoner. I myself sold it to him.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


