





158. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Baker 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a man's hat, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Blinkhorn 
                  




               
            , Jan. 23
. ++


                  Daniel 
                  Blinkhorn 
               



            . I am a hat-maker
, and live in the Old Change


. On the 23d of January, about seven in the evening, I had been out; when I came home, I found the prisoner in custody in my shop: the hat was brought in soon after; (produced and deposed to.)


                  John 
                  Selfe 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Blinkhorn; I saw the prisoner push in our sash-window, the groove being broken, and take the hat out about seven in the evening; I was in my shop at the time; I ran to the door, and cried, stop thief; he ran to Trigg-stairs; I followed him; he got into a lighter and laid himself down, there he was taken; the hat was found in the lighter.


                  John 
                  Harwood 
               



            . I was upon Lambeth-hill; I saw the prisoner running toward the water side, and I heard the lad cry, stop thief; I stopped the prisoner, and asked him if he was the thief; he said, no; he had a hat in his left hand; I let him go; then the lad came up to me, and asked me whether I had seen a man with a hat in his hand; I then ran after the prisoner and called, stop thief; I saw him jump from off the stairs into a lighter; he laid himself down with his face downwards; I took him out of the lighter, and carried him to Mr. Blinkhorn's house; then I took a candle and went to the lighter, and there I found the hat; I brought that to Mr. Blinkhorn also; he had his own hat on his head.
Prisoner's defence.
There was a young man in a light coloured coat running with two hats in his hand; I followed him, and called, stop thief; he jumped into a lighter and went over that, and where he went I do not know, and they came and took me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
