





363. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Murphy 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a white cloth frock coat, value 5 s. a new cloth frock coat, value 5 s. a red and white silk and cotton waistcoat, value 3 s. and a red cloth waistcoat laced with gold, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Hudson 
                  




                
            , Esq
; June 26
. ++


                  Michael 
                  Hudson 
               



            , Esq; The day before yesterday in the morning, when I came down stairs, the prisoner (who was my servant
) asked me whether I had my scarlet and gold waistcoat above stairs. I said No. I found the back kitchen door open. I took notice to my coachman that the place where the clothes used to be was in disorder. I suspected things had been taken away. I looked, and missed the clothes mentioned, and expressed my surprize to him that the person that had taken these clothes had not taken more; because there were more clothes in that chest which they might have taken. I thought this must have been done by somebody that belonged to my family. I said I would go to a magistrate. I asked him what time he got up. He said about six; but he seldom got up so early. The coachman agreed it was extraordinary, and the more so, as the back door had been shut fast the night before. When at breakfast, I talked of going before Major 
               
                  Spinnage
               


            . The prisoner expressed a great desire to have it inquired into. He wished it might be cleared up. I said, You can have no objection to going before the Major to have it inquired into. He went with me. When we came there, many circumstances made me suspect the prisoner. At last we found where he had been the night before. The servants had informed me he had been out twice that night. He told me he had been to see one Sharp, who had been his fellow servant when he lived with Lord Douglas. I went there, and found a bundle in a trunk which was broke open; there I found my white frock, and silk and cotton waistcoat. (Produced and deposed to.) Then before Mr. Spinnage the prisoner was asked particularly about the scarlet waistcoat. He said he had flung it down the necessary. I sent for a carpenter to search in the necessary-house, but there was no such thing found.


                  Richard 
                  Sharp 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Phelps. There was a bundle brought on Monday last to our house by the prisoner at near nine at night, he carried it down stairs and put it into a box which I had given him two months before, and locked it up, and took the key with him. After that he came again some time in the evening, but then I was out; but I found him in the kitchen when I came home. I was by when Major 
               
                  Spinnage
               


             came and opened the box, and I saw these things taken out. I once lived fellow servant with the prisoner a year and a half.


                  John 
                  Matthews 
               



            . I was by when these things were brought in; I asked the prisoner if they were his master's, he said they were.
Prisoner's Defence.
I did carry the clothes there. I was brushing them, and I took them under my arm to Sharp, and left them there that night, intending to fetch them back again the next day, and being in a hurry brushing the blue and gold coat in the yard, I threw it on the necessary, and it fell in.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
