






53. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Fell 
                  



                
            , spinster

, was indicted for 


               stealing 14 pewter pots, value 14 s.
             the property of 
               
                  Humphry 
                  Whiat 
               



             ; and 
               
                  Mary, wife

 of 
                     
                        Anthony 
                        Holloway 
                     







            , for 


               receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            , Nov. 1

. *
Humphry Whiat. I keep a public-house
, the Rose and Crown, in Lombard-court, near the Seven Dials



; Mrs. Fell lodged with me about three quarters of a year; she had been sick for some time, I took care of her. On the 1st of November, I observed her to put a quart pewter pot in her pocket; she took it from the fire where was about a dozen and a half. I let her go out, followed her, and brought her in again, and took the pot out of her pocket: there was a carpenter in the house, I called him to take notice that I took it out of her pocket, and that my name was upon it. I asked her where she was going to carry it: she would not tell me. I took her to Justice Welch, who committed her to New Prison: as I was going by my own house, I called and treated her with a pot of beer; she confess'd she had sold 14 pots to Holloway. The justice desired me to get a search warrant, which I did. Holloway keeps an old iron shop; we found a quantity of pewter melted down, and a quart pot of mine with my name on it: there were several bags hung up against the wall; the three bags we searched, had melted pewter in them: when we took the pot out of the bag, Holloway ran away: this is the pot I found at Holloway's; (a quart pewter pot produced in court, and deposed to by prosecutor): it has my name upon it; Fell was at that time in New Prison.
Cross Examination.
Q. When Fell told you she had sold 14 pots to Holloway, did she tell you in how long time?
Whiat. I have in 2 months lost fourteen pots; in about which time, she said she sold Holloway the 14 pots; I missed 18. We found Mrs. Holloway at Maypole-alley, near the New Church in the Strand, at an acquaintances.


                  Thomas 
                  Harper 
               



            . I am a constable: I searched Holloway's house, and found the melted pewter, and the prosecutor found the pot in a bag; when we first went into the house, Holloway was there alone. I told her I had got a warrant to search her house for pewter pots, belonging to Mr. Whiat: she said she would have us go down in the cellar and search there, and that she had none; she pretended to be calling somebody down stairs, and made her escape out at a back door while we found the pot.


                  Jane 
                  Rushton 
               



            . I lived with Mrs. Holloway about four months; she married a brewer's servant: she keeps an old iron and rag shop, and buys brass and pewter. I see Mrs. Holloway give Fell 6 d. for a pot the last day of October. I was gone on an errand when she first came in, and only heard her say to Mrs. Fell, there's the Sixpence: it was about 11 o'clock at noon. I did not see the pot, but was told afterwards by Mrs. Fell, that the six-pence was for the quart pot that was found when the house was searched. I asked her how she could rob the people? she said if it had not been put into her head, she should never have thought of such a thing. I asked her by whom? she said Mrs. Holloway. I have seen Holloway melt pewter pots many times, but never saw the name upon them. I heard her say to her husband on the next morning (Tuesday) that Fell was a base woman to rob the people that were her support.
Fell's Defence.
I never took any thing from any body in my life: I only took the pot to get a draught of water.
Holloway's Defence.
I never received a pot of Mrs. Fell, or ever suspected her to be a thief; she had 20 l. a year during her life: her husband is dead, she is superannuated. She brought a pot in her hand: I asked her where she was going? she said she was coming to wash her things. I asked her what she brought the pot for? she said she could not tell. A customer came in, my husband went down to weigh some iron, and she tossed the pot in the bag; I never saw, or handled it, if I was to die this moment. She asked me to lend her sixpence; I said, Mrs. Fell, you owe me a great deal of money (she owed me 18 s.) I will lend you no more: my husband and Mr. Whiat are bail for her now, and because my husband would not join with Mr. Whiat in a note of hand to pay the money at Christmas, he has invented this: he said if we would pay money to his attorney, he would prefer a bill of Ignoramus against Fell.
For Holloway.


                  George 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live in Tyburn road, and am a coach-broker; I buy old coaches to break up: I have known Mrs. Holloway about three years; I have had dealings with her husband; they buy large quantities of iron, and retail it: in the dealings I have had with them, they seem to be honest people; there were three or four more to her character waiting here all day yesterday.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
