





205. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Field 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 38 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Eustace 
                  




                
            , March 1
.*
John Eustace. About Christmas, as I was going to bed, I dropp'd my watch and broke the glass; I gave it to my wife to put by; about the 14th of Dec. the prisoner came to work with me, he is a journeyman carpenter
; he and my apprentice work'd at several places together, at which places there were things missing, such as handkerchiefs, shoes, lead, and other things; I at last discharg'd him, for what he had done in taking things at Capt. Hunt's at Mile-end; about a fortnight after he was gone, I ask'd my wife for the watch; we then miss'd that; I went and took up the prisoner, and charg'd him with taking it; he said, master hold your tongue and I'll tell you how I got it; he said, you know I was doing a bit of wainscotting, and I dropp'd my hammer, and stooping for that, I saw a watch hanging up the chimney as I look'd up, when stooping I took it away; I took him to Aldgate watch-house, there he own'd he took it before the constable; the next morning we went to take him before my Lord Mayor, a gentleman going by, ask'd what was the matter, and looking on the prisoner, said, he had brought him a watch to sell; he is here, and will give a farther account.


                  Moses 
                  Barnet 
               



            . About 6 weeks ago, one night about 9 o'clock, a young man knock'd at my door, and ask'd for me; he ask'd me if I was a constable, I said yes; he said there is a young man offers a watch to sell for 27 s. to a Jew, which is worth 4 l. and he believ'd it was not honestly come by; I went with him to the 3 pigeons alehouse in Hounsditch, he shew'd me the person, which was the prisoner at the bar; I took the watch, and said to the prisoner, is this the watch you offer to sell; he said it is, what right have you to examine me; then I said I would keep the watch, and take you to the compter, except you give me a satisfactory account; he said, if I would go with him to his lodgings he'd make it appear to be his own property. He said he lodg'd with Mrs. Smith that keeps a school, one that I kne w very well; I went with him, I ask'd her if she knew that man; she said yes, he was a lodger of her's, and had been for about six months; I shew'd her the watch, and said, do you know this watch; she said yes; she thought it to be the prisoner's property; then I said take your watch again, and gave it to him, and I went away. After that I went back again, and desired to look at it again; Mrs. Smith had it, I look'd at it; I saw the name Gardner on it; I was foolish enough to deliver it again: about 3 weeks after this I seeing a mob of people, ask'd what was the matter, was told a man had stole a watch; I said I would look at him, it was the prisoner; I said friend, do you not remember me; he said yes, you are the man that stopp'd me with a watch, now he says he has lost it, I was with him before my Lord Mayor, there he said he took it from the prosecutor's chimney-piece, and was sorry for what he had done.
Mrs. Eustace. When my husband had let his watch fall and broke the glass, he gave it me to take care of it, I put it into a drawer and cover'd it over, after which we miss'd it, the drawer was lock'd; afterwards I had seen it several times there; and one time I remember I found the lock shot up and the key out, and the drawer a little out.


                  John 
                  Bingham 
               



            . I am an apprentice to the prosecutor, I went with my master when he took the prisoner at his lodgings; I heard him own he took the watch, both then, and before my Lord Mayor.
Prisoner's Defence.
I work'd in the next room to where this watch was, by all account in putting up some wainscot, either my hammer or chissel fell down, I stoop'd for it, I look'd up the chimney and saw this watch, if it was my master's watch; I jump'd up a little faster then ordinary, and took and put it in my pocket.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


