





241. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wright 
                  



               
             was indicted, together with 
               
                  Edward
                   Leicester, otherwise 
Ned the Weaver




             (not taken) for 


               stealing 73 yards of linen cloth, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Law 
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            , Feb. 20
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Law 
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Whitechapel


; I was not at home at the time the fact was committed, I can only prove the cloth to be my property.


                  Anne 
                  Law 
               



            . I am daughter to Mr. Law; the prisoner came into our shop with two other men, one of them we hear is called Leicester; the prisoner said they wanted to see some red handkerchiefs; I took down a piece, and shewed it them; Leicester pulled out a piece of sheeting from a bundle a little way, and then went to the door: the other man said good bye, and they nodded their heads to him; I asked the prisoner if they would do that I shewed him; they answered, no, it must be finer; I went to shew them a finer, then the other pulled the piece of sheeting out farther; I said, gentlemen, will not these do; the prisoner said, pointing to the other, I think that a prettier pattern; then I went to reach down another parcel, then Leicester took the piece of sheeting quite out, and was got half way out at the door; there was a customer in the shop laid hold of it; I came as fast as I could round the counter, and called, thief, thief, then Leicester made off; he left the piece half way out of the shop upon the ground; the prisoner was still in the shop; he was secured, and asked what account he could give of himself; he said he lived in divers places, but would give no particular account; my mother sent for a neighbour; as the door was opening, the prisoner made an attempt to get out, but he was prevented; at last he sent for what he called his mother-in law; she said she was his mother-in-law, but we found she was not; he was taken into custody.


                  Priscilla 
                  Vearey 
               



            . I was in the shop, when the prisoner and two other men came in all together, the prisoner wanted a red handkerchief; Miss shewed him some; he did not like them; then she shewed him some others, they would not do; he wanted better; when she was going to take some down, Leicester took a piece quite from the counter; he was going out at the door, but I laid hold of it and prevented him.
Prisoner's defence.
I was at work at my father's; I came down after work, and went to buy a handkerchief; I came to the corner of Catherine-wheel alley, Whitechapel, I went in; the gentlewoman shewed me some; she asked 22 d. a piece; I asked if she had no finer; Miss Law said there was a man at the door, the evidence said that was her husband; I said, please to cut me off one at 2 s. 4 d. and I'll go directly; a stranger to me endeavoured to take a piece of linen; they said, it is gone; I turned round to take hold of the lappet of his coat, and after that they detained me, for making an attempt to rob the shop.



                  Francis 
                  Shirley 
               



            , 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Car 
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Grant 
               



            , 
               
                  Robert 
                  Allen 
               



            , and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Watson 
               



            , gave him a good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried No 82, in the late Mr. Alderman Nelson's Mayoralty.
