






473, 474. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Quin 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Jonathan 
                     Parker 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing 10 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Kirkland 
                  




                
            , July 22
. +


                  John 
                  Kirkland 
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
 in Red-Lion-street, Holbourn


. On the 22nd of July last, I found my shop robb'd of all the silver out of my till. I did not know who had taken it. This was about half an hour after eight in the evening. Two or three days after, Mackrell was taken up for robbing another shop in Leather-lane; he came to let me know he was at the robbing of mine; Mr. Clay came with him: the boy said he saw two gentlemen backwards, writing; that he opened the door, and went round the counter to the till; that the till was not locked: he first took the money out, and the two prisoners received part of the money of him at the door.
Q. What money was taken out of the till?
Kirkland. I am certain there was not less than half a guinea lost in silver; I believe there was more.


                  Edward 
                  Mackrell 
               



            . When I went into the prosecutor's shop to take the money out of the till, I took it out, and gave them the money at the door; there were 10 s. 6 d. of it; I had 4 s. 6 d. of it. we went out that day all together to rob any shop we could.
Parker's Defence.
I know nothing at all of what he swears against me: I am a gentleman's servant, and have been out of place four or five months; I did live with Mr. Pennyman, near Middle-Row, and with Mr. Day, the King's taylor.
Quin's Defence.
I was bound apprentice to a weaver, and have been sick a long time.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
See Mackrell an evidence, No. 64. in this Mayoralty; and Parker tried, and Gammon evidence against him, No. 135. and Parker evidence against Gammon and others, No. 309, 310, 311, 312.
