





412. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Martin 
                     Vasthold 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 15 ounces of sterling silver, value 3 l. 15 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ansell 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Gilbert 
                  



                
            , August 6
. ++


                  James 
                  Ansell 
               



            . 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Gilbert 
               



             and I are partners, we live in Panton-street; about the 6th of Aug. I had weighed a parcel of cuttings of silver for the caster, which I delivered to another person to melt over again, not having enough for the caster; I laid it by till after dinner; I thought it not proper to leave it all in the scale; I found it weighed sixty ounces: I took the weights out of the scale, as if I had not weighed it; when I came to it again, I put in about 12 ounces. When I came back the prisoner was alone in the shop; then I weighed it, and found but sixty-six ounces: I had given the prisoner a cover of a coffee-pot to solder a button upon it; I sent him down to do it; I ran up stairs, and felt in his coat pocket; not finding any thing, I looked under the board where he worked, there I found a parcel of silver cuttings, which I thought were about the same quantity as were taken out of the scale; I put them into the place again where I found them, and enquired about for a constable to have one at hand; I told Mr. Curry of it: I went and looked under the board again, when it was grown dark, they were gone: I let the prisoner go out; when he was gone about two or three doors from ours, I called him back; I told him there were some cuttings stole, and it was necessary to search all the workmen; the constable was not come, and during that time I imagine he slipped them out of his pocket into the sink, seeing him shuffling his right hand in his pocket; we went and found he had put them into the grinding-stone trough; I took them out; then he confessed the taking them, and said, it was the first time he had done it, and desired to be let go; I insisted on his being taken to the Round-house, while I got a search warrant to search his lodgings; in searching his lodgings the next morning, we found nine ounces; he has since owned he stole it, and owned he had stole silver before, and cast it into medals, and so disposed of them.
Q. What did they weigh that were found in the trough of the grinding-stone?
Ansell. They weighed about nine ounces.
Q. How long has he worked with you?
Ansell. He has worked with me about five years; we found this mould in his room; (produced in court) it is for a large medal of King 
               
                  Charles
               


             the Second: (a medal produced cast from it.)


                  William 
                  Shaw 
               



            . I am constable; I had a search warrant delivered to me; I searched the prisoner's lodgings, and found this silver in this box, which I have had in my care since; (produced in court) he said himself, it was his master's property.


                  William 
                  Curry 
               



            . I am journeyman to the prosecutors; Mr. Ansell sent the prisoner down to mend a spoon; then he told me he had seen some silver under the board; while he was mending the spoon, the silver was taken from the place; we all left off at seven o'clock; the prisoner went out, after which Mr. Ansell called him back, and told him he had lost some silver, and we were all to be searched; the prisoner wanted to go down stairs; I said, you shall not go without we all go; but he did go down, and we followed him; he went to the sink to make water, and at that time he slipped the silver out of his pocket into the grinding-stone trough; I was standing close by him, and saw him do it; he then confessed it, and said, it was the first time he had ever done so.
Prisoner. It was in a dark place, and it was impossible for him to see it.
Curry. I kept a strict eye upon him, as we had reason to suspect him.
Prisoner's defence.
I had no silver in my pocket. I did not confess any thing.
To his character.


                  James 
                  Blowet 
               



            . The prisoner was a lodger of mine about a year and a half; I have known him about five years and a half; I know nothing to the contrary, but that he is a very honest man.


                  Peter 
                  Worral 
               



            . I live in White-lion-street, Seven-dials, I have known him some time; I never heard any harm of him till this time.


                  James 
                  Little 
               



            . I have known him between five and six years, I served him with bread; I never heard any ill of him.


                  William 
                  Peak 
               



            . I have known him betwixt five and six years; he has a very good character as far as ever I knew.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
