





55. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     Thompson 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one pewter pot, value 8 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Lee 
                        



                      
                  . One other pewter pint pot, value 8 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Jefferson 
                        



                      
                  . And one other pewter pot, value 8 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Glover 
                  



                
            , Jan. 12
. +


                  Henry 
                  Lee 
               



            . I keep a publick house
. Last Monday night the prisoner at the bar was brought to my house with a pewter pint pot, my property.
Q. Do you know any thing of her taking it away?
Lee. No; she was detected at the king's-head, in the Old Change, the ostler brought her. She had a box in which were caps; in searching that, we found two other pint pots; there were four found in all upon her. [Produced in court.] She was taken before the alderman; there she confessed she stole them; she used to come about selling caps to people.


                  Joseph 
                  Jefferson 
               



            . I lost a pewter pint pot, I believe on monday night the twelfth of this instant. The ostler at the king's-head in the Old Change, and another man, came with the prisoner to me and brought my pot; they said they took it out of her box, from under her caps, and at that time they showed me the other pot belonging to Mr. Lee, he lives in Little-Britain. I heard the prisoner say before the alderman, it was the first offence, and begged very heartily to be forgiven. I am certain my pot had not been taken above an hour, before she brought it again.


                  John 
                  Glover 
               



            . I lost a pewter pint pot; but know not when, nor who took it I was sent for to the Castle by Guildhall, there the constable had the pot in his possession. How he came by it I do not know. [ Three of the pots deposed to by the three respective owners.]


                  John 
                  Mason 
               



            . I am constable. I was sent for by Mr. Lee, to take charge of the prisoner; she had her box along with her, it was a band box, I opened it. There were woollen caps, and two other pewter pint pots, one was owned by Mr. Glover, and the other belongs to the landlord at the Bowl and Pin, in Thames-street, named 
               
                  William 
                  Pancrass 
               



            , [he is not a prosecutor.] The prisoner downed on her knees two or three times, and begged she might be forgiven, and promised she would not do the like again.
Q. Did she own she stole them?
Mason. I heard her own they were found in the box, but did not hear her say she stole them.
Prisoner's defence.
As I was coming home, in the street I met a woman that sold old cloaths; she has travelled the streets a good while. I said you are very much loaded. Said she, so I. I wish you would carry this bundle into Bishopsgate street for me; they are old pots that I have bought. I said I should be at the White-hand. So I took them to carry for her. I put them into my box, because I thought they would not be so troublesome to carry, as if put them into my apron When I went into the house, the young man looked into my box; I thought it was as the woman had told me, or I should hardly have gone into the house with them. I have not seen her since, because I was taken up and confined. Here is one Mr. Smith, I see here, that knew me years ago. Please to call him to my character.
Q. To Constable. Did she give any account of a woman that buys old pewter, when she was in your custody?
Constable. No; she did not.
For the prisoner.
Mr. Smith. I am a pawnbroker, I have known the prisoner between twenty and thirty years; her father was a very great carpenter in Houndsditch. I never knew any harm of her; but I have not seen her for six or seven years. So know nothing of her character for that time.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


