





188. (L) 
               
                  
                     Elias 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silk handkerchief, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Kilner 
                  




                
            ; June 20
.~


                  Thomas 
                  Kilner 
               



            . On Saturday last, about one o'clock, I was in  the Court of King's-bench , Guildhall


; I had occasion to use my handkerchief, I put my hand in my pocket, and found it was gone. I was very certain I had it when I went into court. I little expected to see it again. About an hour after I was going away, which was about two o'clock, passing by the end of Cateaton-street, I saw several people running, and heard a general cry, Stop him, stop thief. I then ran, and when I got into Ironmonger-lane, the prisoner at the bar was stopped. I asked, What was the matter? A gentleman looking-man said, he saw the prisoner pick a gentleman's pocket. Then I thought it was possible he might have mine. I said I had been in Guildhall, and had lost one. He was unbuttoning his coat, and I thought I saw the corner of my handkerchief between his coat and waistcoat. I pulled back his coat, and said there is my handkerchief. Then it dropped down. It was mine, I collar, him, and carried him back immediately to Guild-hall; but it being Saturday, there was no fitting alderman. There was a constable who said, he was by when I took the handkerchief upon the prisoner; so I thought him a proper person to come here to give evidence. I told the prisoner I would make an example of him. Then he begged for mercy, and said it was his first crime. I said that was very unlikely, for he was not stopped for taking mine. Upon which he said, it was the first day he had been guilty. I carried him before my lord-mayor, and he committed him to Newgate. [ The handkerchief produced and deposed to by a mark upon it, and a fellow handkerchief to compare with it.]


                  William 
                  Hornblower 
               



            . I was going across Blackwell hall yard, between two and three o'clock, I heard an out-cry of, Stop thief; I made directly to the person running across the yard into Ironmonger-lane; there was a cart that made a stop, and he could not pass by, and we took him; it was the prisoner at the bar. Then the prosecutor came up, and said, I have lost my handkerchief, see if he has got it; and upon opening his coat this handkerchief was found.
Q. to prosecutor. Do you recollect seeing the prisoner at Guildhall?
Prosecutor. No, I do not.
Hornblower. We brought him to the Chamberlain's-office at Guildhall; and there, upon searching him, found another handkerchief. ||
|| There was another indictment against him for stealing a handkerchief, the property of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Adam 
               



            , the same day.
Prisoner's Defence.
Last Saturday, about one o'clock, I was coming into Guildhall to hear the trials in the King's bench; I met a man, he said he was in distress, and he had got two handkerchiefs, and he had had no victuals that day; and if I would give him sixpence for them, he would make me amends the next day. Accordingly I gave it him, and took the handkerchiefs, and going through Blackwell-hall-yard, I heard the cry, Stop thief. I being in a flurry, as I had them two handkerchiefs, and did not know what to do. The gentlemen stopped me. I lived with a merchant in London four years.




               Guilty 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


