





558. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Love 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously making an assault on 
                     
                        
                           Anne 
                           Parker 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, with intent the money of the said Anne to steal
            , &c. October 15
. ++



                  Anne 
                  Parker 
               



            . I live, in Tottenham, I had been with some for other the day day week, about half an hour after 9 at night, the prisoner met me on the road between Ramonton


 and Tottenham


; he desired I would deliver my money; I said, I desire you will not take my money, for I have none but what I have got for the cysters I have sold; he knocked me down, and gave me a great many blows, and asked me for my money a great many times; I was very much bruised about my arms and shoulders; he felt all about my petticoat for my money, even to my private parts, but my clothes were so tumbled about with struggling, that he could not find my pocket; I have a very bad wound on my eye, it was cut, and appeared very bad.) this he gave me.
Q. With what did he give it you?
A. Parker. I believe it was with his fist; I saw no weapon that he had; there was somebody coming with a lanthorn, then he made off.
Q. Did you know him before?
A. Parker. Yes, I have seen him many times before; he was a neighbour; he lived but about a mile from me, and worked with Mr. Stanley, a blacksmith.
Q. Did you know him at the time he used you thus?
A. Parker. I did; and he knew me very well.
Q. Was you ever acquainted with him?
A. Parker. No, never in my life,
Q. Did he call you by your name?
A. Parker. No, he did not; but he must know me; after he made off, I went to the surgeon's and got my wounds dressed, and then went home to bed.
Q. What family have you got?
A. Parker. I am a widow, and have five children; the next morning I went and had the prisoner taken; he was at work.
Q. Was he drunk or sober that night?
A. Parker. I cannot tell; I had seen him at a public-house, where I had called with my oysters, but had no thought of his coming after me; I had not been gone from that public-house above half an hour when he attacked me.
Q. Do you think if he had been sober, he would have made such an attempt upon you?
A. Parker. He bears a very bad character in the neighbourhood, and if he had not perceived the light coming, I do think he would have killed me.
Q. How many times might he ask you for your money?
A. Parker. I believe he asked me twenty times.


                  John 
                  Holt 
               



            . I am a surgeon; last Thursday night this woman came to my house, in a most bloody and dirty condition; I was obliged to wash her face well with a sponge and warm water, before I could discover her wounds; then I found a large wound over her left eye, which I sewed up; I dressed her wounds; she told me who it was that had used her ill, and that she happened to tell him she knew him, and she thought he would have killed her; she said it was the prisoner, I have attended her ever since; this is the second day she has been out of her bed, since she was bruised and hurt so very much.
Prisoner's defence.
I was very much in liquor, I hardly know what I did; I never asked her for any of her money, nor never had any of it; I never did such a thing in my life before, nor never should then had I not been in liquor.
To his character.


                  Thomas 
                  Stanley 
               



            . I am a blacksmith, and live at Edmonton, the prisoner served his time with me; he behaved very well for the seven years to me, since he has been out of his time, he has been my journeyman, from the 27th of March last.
Q. How has he behaved since he was out of his time?
Stanley. He may have got fuddled and so; I saw him about 3 o'clock that afternoon the woman was hurt; he asked me for 2 s. after which I saw him no more, till the next morning when he came to work.
Mrs. Stanley. I am wife to the last witness; I never knew the prisoner to rob any body; he is apt to drink.


                  John 
                  Cooper 
               



            . I live at Tottenham; I have known him eighteen or nineteen years; I never found but he behaved very well; he was always very sober till lately.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
