





122. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     South 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one metal watch, value 5 l. 2 seals set in gold, value 20 s. and one steel chain, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Walter 
                           Vane 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; privately from his person
            . March 10
. +


                  Walter 
                  Vane 
               



            . I was at Covent-garden play-house


 on Wednesday the 10th of March; I had my watch when I went in, and when I was seated in the gallery I missed it. A gentleman that sat next me advised me to go to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; but before I had laid the affair before him, my brother came and said my watch was at justice Welch's: I went and and found it there, and swore to it.


                  Richard 
                  Galendine 
               



            . I am a constable. [He produced the watch.]
Prosecutor. This is the same watch that was picked out of my pocket that night.
Galendine. I had information against the prisoner. I saw him going up into the gallery. I said to Mr. Abbot, have an eye to that man, I mistrust him: he said he would. A little time after he and another man came down. Mr. Abbot called to me, and said there goes the two men. I ran after them. I saw Noaks give the prisoner a watch at the top of the passage almost in Hart-street. I stopt Noaks; the prisoner came and rescued him. I said, if he gets off, I'll stop you. The prisoner said, d - n you, you rascal, do not stop me, I'll knock you down: then Mr. Abbot came up; the watch was put down, and Mr. Abbot took it up.
Hen. Abbot. I always open the door at half an hour past four o'clock. Just as I opened the door leading to the crown gallery on the 10th of March, Mr. Galendine said, I wish you would give an eye to those men, meaning the prisoner and one Noaks. About a quarter of an hour after, I saw them both come down; they passed me. I called Mr. Galendine; and said, there goes the two men; he ran after them and secured one of them. I saw South run up towards him, and there was a scuffle. He called out for me. Before I could get up to him, the other was got off; then the people called to me, and said there lies the watch; it was upon a bench in the passage. I did not see it put there. I took it up and went to South. He said, Mr. Abbott you know me. I said, I do. Said he, you never knew any harm of me? I said, you never did me any. We secured him, and he was committed.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been with an order about some holland's gin A relation of mine had a mind to see the oratorio. We went; they asked a crown to go in. I was coming promiscuously by; I thought there was a quarrel. A man pushed his hand out, and gave me a watch in my hand Mr. Galendine said what have you got there? I said, a watch, and laid it down directly. I asked him, what he wanted with me? and went contentedly with him. I once kept a public house in covent-garden a great many years.
For the Prisoner.


                  Wm 
                  Holloway 
               



            . I have known him 7 years. He once kept the Globe, Covent-garden. He has a very good character, and is a very regular honest man as far as ever I could find.


                  Thomas 
                  Robinson 
               



            . I have known him between 7 and 8 years. I never heard any thing amiss of him in my life.


                  Thomas 
                  Can 
               



            . I have known him about 2 years. I never heard nothing of him, but that of a very honest man.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
See No. 67. in Sir 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Blackiston 
               



            's mayoralty.
