





412. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mackintosh 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing nine pounds weight of sugar, value 2 s.
             the property of persons unknown, August 5
. ++


                  John 
                  Austin 
               



            . On the 5th of August, about nine at night, we were housing of sugar; my man told me there was a man in the buildings; I went and there found the prisoner with a handkerchief full of sugar in a two pair of stairs room; he was coming down into the one pair of stairs room, he delivered the sugar to me.
Q. Was the prisoner at work for you at that time?
Austin. No, he was not; there were several hogsheads open in the room he was in.


                  Ruben 
                  Rutlidge 
               



            . I am one of the constables of Tower-ward; on the 5th of last month, about nine in the evening, a person came and told me they had detected a person with some sugar in the warehouses. I went; the prisoner and sugar were delivered into my care; I carried him to a public-house, he said it was sweepings; there are nine pounds of it (produced in court) some he said was given him by a mate of a ship that lay near London-bridge; I went and haled the ship, the mate came on shore, he declared he gave no such person any sugar; I looked into the handkerchief, and found it all to be very good Barbadoes sugar.
Prisoner's defence.
I went on board a ship to see two shipmates; coming from thence, they called. Who will work? I had a handkerchief of sugar, I went and put it down on the kay; they said I stole it; I said I would take them to the man that I got it of; they would not go, but took me to a public-house, and said I must down on my knees and beg pardon, or go to goal that night.
Q. to Austin. Did he ask you to go with him to any person.
Austin. No, he did not.
Q. Did you desire him to go on his knees and ask pardon.
Austin. No, I did not.




               Guilty, 10 d.
            



               T
            .
