





5. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Woodhouse 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one sattin cardinal, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hicks 
                  




                
            , Nov. 27
. +


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hicks 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  John 
                  Hicks 
               



            , and live in Doctors Commons. I was going up the gallery stairs to the play at Covent Garden


, on the 27th of November at night. I felt my cloak twitched from my shoulders, I could not tell who took it, there being a great croud of people. I saw the prisoner just behind me, upon my right side, and begged of him to keep a little from me, and he kept close to me. I spoke to the door-keepers, and desired if they heard of any body who had taken up a cloak to stop it for me; after that a woman came and told me, that, by inquiring of Mr. Abbot at the stage-door, I might have my cloak again. I went and gave him the description of it, and he shewed it me. This was after the play was over. [Produced in court, and deposed to].


                  Henry 
                  Abbot 
               



            . I open the playhouse doors always about four o'clock. I had often seen the prisoner about before, sometimes going up the stairs. I observed him that night, the 27th of last month, very busy, with his hands under a lady's cardinal. I had suspected him some time of being a pickpocket. After that he went up into the gallery, and I watched his coming down again; which was in about twenty minutes time. I believe he was suspicious of my design to lay hold of him; he made a push, and ran away through the pit passage towards Bow-street. I ran after him, and a little before we got into Bow-street I seized him, and he dropt a handkerchief out of his left hand the minute I laid hold of him. I took him to Justice Welch's, and searched him, and took six handkerchiefs more, a tobacco box, a woman's cardinal, and two pair of gloves. First he said the cardinal belonged to an acquaintance of his, and he was to take care of it for her; afterwards he said he found it.


                  Richard 
                  Armingtide 
               



            . I have seen the prisoner divers evenings about the playhouse. I saw him that night as soon as the door was opened; there was another man along with him, but he ran away. I saw the prisoner searched, and the cardinal taken from him. When I came to the tobacco box, I said, What have you got there, tobacco or snuff? He said tobacco, he believed. [The handkerchiefs and cardinal produced, the cardinal deposed to by prosecutrix].
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going up stairs into the two shilling gallery. There might be three or four hundred people endeavouring to get up as fast as they could. I went up to the door, and the door keeper said there was no room. I waited upon the, the space of a quarter of an hour before I could get down; and going down stairs I touched something soft under my foot, just by the door. What should that be but a handkerchief; I saw part of it. I said, here is something here, madam; will you be so kind to stand on one side, here is something under my feet? The gentlewoman stood on one side, and said there is something indeed. I went to the door, and pulled the door back, and there were all these things. I took them up in my arms. Ah! said they, you have got something indeed. I hallowed out, gentlemen and ladies, do you know any of these things? One said they did not, and another said they did not. Coming down, some of the people said this man has found some things; then they laid hold of me as I was going home, and to be sure they found the things about me; but I am very innocent of wronging any man of these things. I never saw that gentlewoman in my life before.
Q. to Abbot. In what part about him did you find these things?
Abbot. Some of the handkerchiefs were in his bosom, some in his pockets, and none of them dirty.
For the Prisoner.


                  Jasper 
                  Browning 
               



            . I live at the Two Brewers, St. Giles's; I have known the prisoner above seven years. He is a sawyer; before this he always had a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


