





135. (L) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     White 
                  , otherwise 
Barbara Stoaks




            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, value 40 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Roberts 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , March 28
. ++


                  John 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I was coming up Fleet-lane


, the prisoner stood at a door, and laid hold of me, and pulled me into the entry, and asked me to go up stairs with her.
Q. Did you go up stairs?
Roberts. I did.
Q. How long did you stay?
Roberts. I staid there about ten minutes. I had my watch in my pocket. She took it from me.
Q. How do you know she took it from you?
Roberts. I saw it in her hand, and went to take it from her, and she swore I gave it her.
Q. Whereabouts in the room were you then?
Roberts. We were upon the bed, both of us.
Q. Did you feel her take it out?
Roberts. No, I did not, I went to feel for it in my pocket when I saw it in her hand.
Q. Were your breeches buttoned, or unbuttoned?
Roberts. They were unbuttoned. I went to take it from her, and she swore she would cut my throat, and took up a knife. Then I ran down stairs as hard as I could, and alarmed the people; and went for a constable, who came and took her up. She was carried to the Watch-house, and when she had been there about half an hour, Mr. Cook, the city marshal came. Then she said, If he would go to her room with her, she would go and get the watch. He went with her, and brought it.
Q. Where do you live?
Roberts. I live on the other side the water.
Q. With who?
Roberts. With my mother.
Q. What is she?
Roberts. She is a pawnbroker, we took her before my lord-mayor, and told my lord the same as I have here; and he said, she should be transported.
Q. Did she own that she took it?
Roberts. No, she did not.
Prisoner. He came up, and used me very ill as I was sitting by the fire, and tumbled me about on the chest, and on the bed.
Prosecutor. I never offered to pull her about, she pulled me in.
Q. Did she pull you on the bed?
Roberts. Yes, she did.



                  Joseph 
                  Fletcher 
               



            . Between ten and eleven o'clock on Saturday night, the prosecutor came to me, and I went with him to the room, and took the woman at the bar. When we came to the Watch-house, she denied having the watch; but Mr. Cook came in, then she confessed it, and he went with her, and fetched it, and this knife. [Producing a case-knife ]
Prosecutor. This is the knife which she threatened to cut my throat with.
Mr. Cook. I went to see what was the matter in the Watch-house, there was the prisoner in custody; I was told she had stole a watch from this youth. Said I, Where is the watch? She said, The young man gave me 18 d. to lie with me, and a pint of wine; and I will go home with you if you please, and see for it; we went together. She removed the chest, and behind that I found the watch. I brought it along with me, and asked the young man what sort of a chain it had; he said, none at all, it has a string. I said, what seal? he said, a spread-eagle. It being as he had described, I produced the watch. [Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor.]
Prisoner's defence.
He tumbled me on the chest three or four times. I never saw the watch indeed, my lord.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .
The prisoner is the same person that stood on the the pillory by the Old Change, for keeping a bawdy-house, about a month before this trial.




[Transportation. See summary.]


