






266. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wade 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one hundred pounds weight of lead, the property of 
                     
                        Mary Church 
                        Callen 
                     




                  , fixed to a certain building, did rip, steal, take, and carry away
            , March 21
. +
Mary Church Callen. I have some houses in Shoreditch


, from whence I lost lead a great many times; I was called out of bed between two and three in the morning, on the 21st of March; I saw two men go into the buildings; I called Beck to come to my assistance, thinking that might fright them; we both went out and saw them in the gutter, taking lead off the window; there came two pieces of lead down; Beck got in at my window and called 
               
                  Charles 
                  Hildey 
               



            , the prisoner was one of the two men; he 
               
                  drew
               


             both sash and frame in, and jump'd out at the window up one pair of stairs; he fell backwards; the window is as high as a two pair of stairs in the front; I ran round and laid hold of him, he was too strong for me, he got me under him; I had a sword in my hand, he got it out of my hand, and stabbed me with it in several parts of my body; Beck came to my assistance, and had it not been for Hildey's coming, we should both have been murdered; the prisoner called out for Tom, (meaning the other man) he did not come but ran away.
Q. Was it light or dark?
Callen. It was a little moon light.


                  Robert 
                  Beck 
               



            . I live in the house of Mr. Callen; he seeing two men walking backwards and forwards by his house, called me, and desired me to go out with him; I did, we saw two men up in the gutter; they shifted from that into the next house; I saw them stand upon the joist of a two pair of stairs floor; I heard lead fall; we called to them, and said if they did not come down, they were dead men, but we had no gun, we had each a sword; I whispered to Mr. Callen to walk out of the building, then the prisoner who was one of them, began to move; he clapt his feet upon the sash, and pulled that and frame all in together, and fell under the frame; there was a board lying on the joists, that fell down into the kitchen; I thought the man was fell through, I jumped down, thinking of being upon the man; he recovered himself from the frame, and jumped down out at the window, Mr. Callen stood ready to receive him; I heard him upon the prisoner, I went out, then the prisoner was upon Mr. Callen, with Mr. Callen's sword in his hand; I laid hold of the prisoner, and in the bustle, he got the handle of my sword in his hand; he was very resolute, but I recovered both the swords at last; we had great difficulty to manage him; had not Mr. Hildey came, I believe we both should have been murdered.


                  Charles 
                  Hildey 
               



            . I was called to assist Mr. Callen and Beck, I took my gun with me; they said they saw two men on the top of the house; when I got there, I listened, but could not see or hear any body; I soon heard something jump, after that I heard a great noise, and Charles my name, was called; I came down as fast as I could, and tumbled over a lump of lead at the corner; when I came to them, they were all in a heap together; I said, who are you, and what are you; I clapt hold of the first man, which happened to be the prisoner, and said, if you do not surrender, you are a dead man; he said, I do surrender, and what can you do now; I said, I will do no farther, you must wait to see what the law will do for you.


                  John 
                  Walters 
               



            . I keep a public-house; I was called up that morning, about three o'clock; Mr. Callen said, for God's sake give me a little dram, for I am almost dead, he was all over blood; the prisoner was taken before Justice Girdler, there he denied the fact, and said he only went there to sleep; the Justice said how could that be, where were only joists and no boards to sleep on, and said, he had better confess who he sold the lead to, and by that means perhaps he might save himself; then the prisoner said, it was one Nugent that called him up, about one in the morning, and they went out together with intent to steal lead, and got in this building, and Nugent threw the lead down, and he staid below to watch it; and that the man that received the lead they stole, lived in Chick-lane, named 
               
                  Martin 
                  Bridgman 
               



            , that sells old shoes; I took a warrant out for Nugent and Bridgman; I took Bridgman, he was sent to New Prison, then before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             the prisoner said he never saw Bridgman in his life, yet he had described him entirely, and the place where he lived, and Bridgman confessed he had bought lead of the prisoner several times.
Prisoner's defence.
I never sold 
               
                  Martin 
                  Bridgman 
               



             any lead in my life; I had a son lived at Barnet, he was killed between two waggons at Redburn, I had intelligence of it; next Sunday will be three weeks, I went to enquire how he was buried, and coming home in liquor, tired and fatigued, about nine or ten at night, I went into this house, and laid me down on the ground floor in the chimney corner; I heard two or three men alarming about, one said if I catch them I will kill them; I got up and put my foot in the window, and got hold of a joist, and got up into one pair of stairs, and from thence into another story higher; then there came a man or two and threw stones at me, and said if I would not come down, they would shoot me; in coming down I trod upon a window frame that canted me on the floor, and threw me out; they fell upon me with swords when I was upon the ground, and beat me in such a manner, I have never been well since, they took my handkerchief from me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
