






448, 449. (M.). 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Turpin 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Robinson 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, (together with 
               
                  James 
                  Hornsby 
               



            , not taken,) were indicted for 


               stealing eleven guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Minshel 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , August 1
. +


                  Thomas 
                  Minshel 
               



            . I am a seafaring man
; on the 1st of August, between nine and ten at night, the two girls at the bar persuaded me to go to a public house, the Cooper's Arms, in East Smithfield; after that, they took me to the house of 
               
                  James 
                  Hornsby 
               



            , a private house: Turpin agreed to lie with me: Hornsby and Robinson came up stairs with us: I desired them to go down; I gave them a shilling to drink: they went down: when the candle was out, they came up again, and troubled me for more money to drink: I had no more money than was among my gold, in my waistcoat pocket, which I had put under me, between the bed and the tick: I took it out to give them another shilling: they saw my gold; I had eleven guineas in my purse; then they went down again. Turpin got up while I was asleep; when I awaked, there were Hornsby and Turpin by my bed-side; they awaked me by getting my waistcoat from under me. Turpin ran down stairs. I found my purse, but no money; and my waistcoat was on the ground. Hornsby knocked the candle out, and ran down stairs. The next morning the two prisoners were taken all new rigg'd out, I suppose with my money.
Robinson. My name is Turpin.
Prosecutor. Then you have changed your names: (which appeared to be the case). I did not see her that called herself Robinson by my bedside, when they took my money.
Robinson, whom the Prosecutor call'd Turpin,



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
The other 

               Acquitted
            .
