






253. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Magloughlin 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Brown 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing 24 yards of blue and white cheque, value 1 s. and two coloured linnen aprons, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mackminedy 
                  




                
            , July 17
.~


                  John 
                  Mackminedy 
               



            . I keep a linnen-draper's shop
 at Shadwell


. On the 17th of July, the two prisoners came into my shop, pretending to buy a pair of stockings; and instead of that, they took 24 yards of cheque in one piece, and two handkerchiefs, and made off. Though I did not see them take the goods, they were found upon them.


                  John 
                  Knightly 
               



            . I live near the prosecutor, I heard him say he was robbed I saw several people running, I ran and saw a man had got hold of two handkerchiefs. I laid hold of the prisoner Brown. Then I was informed there was another, and she was run cross the way, and got up a pair of stairs. I pursued, but before I came to her, I found this piece of checque, [ Produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutor ] she had throw'd it into an entry. Then I went and found the prisoner, that is Magloughlin, on a pair of stairs, near the checque.


                  John 
                  Pilkington 
               



            . I heard the prosecutor had been robbed. I went and took Magloughlin, with these two handkerchiefs under her cloak. [Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.]


                  Elizabeth 
                  Hughes 
               



            . I live in Elbow-lane. I heard a great noise of stop thief. I saw Magloughlin, running with a piece of checque, and throw it down at the door, near a green-shop, and Mr. Knightly picked it up. I saw 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Brown 
               



             running too.
The two prisoners denied knowing any thing of the things, or even ing in the prosecutor's stop.
Both 

               Guilty
            .





[Maghoughlin: Branding. See summary.]






[Brown: Transportation. See summary.]


