





27. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Gaylen 
                  , otherwise 
Galen




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew
                            M'Cartney
                        




                     
                  , privately from his person
            , October 24
. *


                  Andrew
               


             M'Carty. On the 24th of October, I went to the Barley-Mow, in Milford-Lane


, about three in the morning; I am certain I had my watch when I went in. I fell asleep; I was awakened by Mr. Wilson, a little after six; he asked me where my watch was? I put my hand in my pocket, and missed it; this was on a Monday; and on the Monday following, I saw it again, in Guildhall; it was produced by Mr. Peal, a pawn-broker: I advertised it in the Wednesday's paper: the prisoner was at Guild-hall, also; he said, he had it of another person to pawn. He was sent from thence to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, to be examined.


                  Peter 
                  Peal 
               



            . I am a pawn-broker; and live in Fleet-Street. On the 24th of October, about eight or nine in the morning, the prisoner brought this watch, and wanted a guinea upon it. I asked him several questions; he told me, he gave 50 s. for it to a gentleman's servant. The day following, it was advertised. On the Saturday following, the prisoner came to me, and wanted half a guinea more on it; I told him, I could not advance any more upon it, and kept him, while I sent for a constable. On the Monday, I took him before the Sitting Alderman, at Guildhall, there I produced the watch, and the prosecutor owned it. (Produced, and deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Thomas 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I keep the Barley-Mow, in Milford-Lane. Mr. M'Carty came to my house a little after three in the morning, on the 24th of October; he seemed very much in liquor; I offered him a bed; he chose to sit and sleep by the tap-room fire. The prisoner and three others came in about an hour and half before this thing happened. The prisoner sat down next to the prosecutor, on his right hand. A neighbour came in about a quarter after six, for a pint of beer; going down for it, I was call'd to, to make it a pot; in the time I was gone to make it a pot, the prisoner's company were gone. An old watchman was just come in from off his duty; I asked him, where they were gone? he said, he knew not, they were all run out together. I went and awakened M'Carty, knowing him before he had used my house. I had seen his watch chain hang down, as he sat sleeping. Just before I went to draw the beer, I asked him, if he had got his watch? he felt, and found it was gone: we thought it was that company that had taken it. I took up the prisoner that morning, about eleven o'clock, and went for a constable to search him; he owned he had pawned it for another man; and that he had a 5 s. 3 d. or a 4 s. 6 d. of the money.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was out of place, and met with some people, who kept me out till between two and three o'clock in the morning. Coming along Covent Garden, I met with those three men; we went to Mr. Wilson's house; I was two-pence, and another three-halfpence. I saw Mr. M'Carty much in liquor, bruised about his face, and two girls by him. Being in a hurry to do a job for myself under the gate-way, one of the men came out to me, we went on, and coming down Fleet-Street, he said, he wished he had some money, and desired I would pawn his watch. I came to this gentleman's house, I went in with it, and had a guinea upon it; after that, as I was going into Butcher-Row, they took me in hold, and the other man, that I had the watch of, ran away.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
