






268, 269. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Tipple 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Slavin 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing a silk cardinal, value 3 s. a pair of stays, value 4 s. two aprons, five caps, and two linen handkerchiefs
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sparkes 
                  




                
            , March 5
. ++


                  John 
                  Sparkes 
               



            . I am a green grocer
; my wife heard a noise above, I was going up stairs; this was on the 5th of March, about three in the afternoon; I found somebody coming down, and they turned and went up again; I followed them into my room, and found them to be the two prisoners at the bar; coming down to see for a constable, I found the cardinal and two white aprons upon the stairs, about five stairs from the bottom.


                  Catharine 
                  Sparkes 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor, I was going up stairs, and met the two prisoners upon the stairs.
Q. Did you know them before?
C. Sparkes. I never saw them before to my knowledge; I asked them where they had been; they said up two pair of stairs, to a washerwoman; I said, I suppose you have been and robbed me; then they said they had been up three pair of stairs; I called 
               
                  Edward 
                  Hargrave 
               



             out at the window, he came, and he pushed them up before me into a room; my husband came up, I desired him to go down for a constable; then I put my hand into Slavin's bosom, seeing she had something there, and took out t wo double handkerchiefs, 5 caps and a topknot; when before the Justice, Tipple owned she had dropt the stays on the stairs.


                  Edward 
                  Hargrave 
               



            . I came up at Mrs. Sparkes's calling, I found her standing by the two prisoners; she charged them with having robbed her; I saw something drop from Tipple, but the stairs were dark, I could not tell what it was; I desired them to go up stairs, that we might see what they had about them; when we came into the room, they said they had nothing about them; I saw 5 caps, two double handkerchiefs, and a topknot, taken from Slavin, and the other things dropt upon the stairs, (produced in court.)
C. Sparkes. These are all my property, they were taken from out of a child's bed-basket, which stood upon a box in the two pair of stairs fore-room, that door was not locked.
Tipple's defence.
I was upon the stairs, I never saw the things; I am 13 years of age.
Slavin's defence.
We went up stairs to look for a washer-woman; I called upon the stairs, no body answered; when I came down, the woman asked me where I had been; I said to speak to a washer-woman; she took me up stairs, and had me searched, and found nothing upon me; I am going into 15 years of age.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
