





168. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Cook 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Underwood 
                  




                
            , Jan. 18
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Underwood 
               



            . I am a carman
, and work with a coal-merchant. The prisoner is a pewterer
 by trade; we both lodged at one house: I lost a pair of silver buckles last Monday five weeks; the prisoner not coming home at night, we suspected he had got them. My landlady went to enquire among the pawnbrokers in the neighbourhood, and came home and told me, Mr. Davidson would have me to call upon him; I went to him, and he asked me what sort of buckles mine were? I told him, and where I bought them, and that I gave 27 s. for them. He asked me if I had any suspicion of any body? I told him, I had, of a man that lodged in the same house. He said, if I could bring that man to his sight, he would help me to the sight of my buckles. My landlord and I went to see for the prisoner, and found him, and with a great deal of persuasion, he came home with us. Then my landlord went for Mr. Davidson: when he came and saw him, he said, he was the man that brought and sold a pair of buckles to him; then I got a constable and charged him; the prisoner fell into a great passion with the pawnbroker, and called him villain. Mr. Davidson shewed me a pair of buckles, but I thought they were not so wide as mine; I had worn them but twice in my life; I had had them but 13 days, they were taken out of my pumps in my room. (A large wrought pair of silver buckles produced in court. He takes them in his hand.) I can't pretend to swear to them; if I do, I shall swear against my conscience.
Q. Where did you buy the buckles you lost?
Underwood. I bought them in Coleman-street.
Q. How did you describe the buckles to the pawnbroker?
Underwood. I described them as a large pair of wrought silver buckles. The prisoner proposed to make me satisfaction before the constable; when I charged him, he called the constable and me into a back room, at the Coach and Horses, in High-Timber-street, and said, if I would let him go about his business, he would make me satisfaction in a fortnight's time: he said he was not the thief, but he knew who the thief was.
Q. from Prisoner. Whether he has not acknowledged these buckles are not his?
Underwood. I never have acknowledged them to be mine.
Q. What do you think of them now?
Underwood. I can't swear to the buckles.
Q. Have you ever said they were not your buckles?
Underwood. I have several times, especially when I first saw them.
Q. Who did you buy your buckles of?
Underwood. I bought them of 
               
                  James 
                  Tapper 
               



            .
Q. from Prisoner. Did not your landlady, and the woman that lodges in the house, say they would swear they were not your buckles?
Underwood. Yes, they both said divers times, they were not my buckles; my landlady had had them in her drawers all the time I had them, till the time I lost them in the room.
Q. Are there any marks or letters on them?
Underwood. No, there are not, as I know of.


                  James 
                  Tapper 
               



            . I live at the corner of Bell-alley, Coleman-street. I am servant to Mr. Brown, a pawnbroker. (He takes the buckles in his hand.) I sold such a pair to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Underwood 
               



            , on the 3d of January last: they were marked withinside with the letters T. H. he gave 27 s. for them: these are marked the same.
Q. Did you sell them for second-hand or new?
Tapper. I sold them for second-hand.
Q. What do you take to be the value of these buckles in your hand?
Tapper. I bought three pair; two of shoe, and one of knee, all together.
Q. Suppose these were yours now, what should you think a reasonable price for them?
Tapper. I should think 27 s. a reasonable price.
Q. Do you look upon these to be the same you sold the prosecutor?

Tapper. The size, the pattern, and the mark; that is, the letters are the same; I verily believe them to be the buckles.
Q. Were the other pairs you bought of the same pattern?
Tapper. No, one pair was round, with a crown, and the other a plain pair.
Q. What were the chases and tongues of them you sold the prosecutor?
Tapper. They were all silver; so are these.
Q. Have you any in your shop like these?
Tapper. No, none like them. (The Jury inspect them.)


                  Hugh 
                  Davidson 
               



            . I live at Queen-hithe, Thames-street; (He takes the buckles in his hand) These buckles I bought of the prisoner at the bar, on Monday, about the 17th of January. I asked him if the buckles were his own? he said, they were. He said, he was just come out of the country, and wanted a little money. I asked if he wanted to pledge them? he said, he wanted to sell them outright; that they cost him 27 s. and they were not much the worse for wear; that he expected not to lose a great deal by them; they weighed 4 oz. 4 dwts. there are two brass wires, for which we commonly allow 2 dwts. I gave him a guinea for them, and the next day I put them in the window, for sale. The prosecutor's landlady, a woman I knew extremely well, came and asked if there had been such a pair of buckles brought to be pledged: she gave me a very good description of them: I asked her a good many questions, whether she suspected a man or a woman? she said, she suspected a man. I asked what sort of a man; she gave me a very just description of the man that brought them, which was the prisoner. I bid her send the prosecutor to my house; when he came, he gave much the same description of the man and the buckles, as she had done before. I bid him go and find the man, and produce him to me, and I would help him to the sight of the buckles. It is customary with many, if they can but get their goods, they don't care what becomes of the thief. They found him the next day, and I was sent for. I went with the buckles in a paper in my hand: when I came there, said the prosecutor's landlord, the man is in the room, which is he? the prisoner was stooping on the table; he looked up with his hand over his face; said I, that is the man: the prisoner held up his hand, like threatening me, and swore, if I said so again, he would knock me down, and called me villain, and other bad names. I asked the prosecutor if these were his buckles, and shewed him them; the landlord and landlady said they had had them in their possession, and declared those were not the buckles; so said the prosecutor. I said, be kind enough to send for my apprentice (They accused me with changing the buckles, which I scorn upon any terms to do.) I sent for my boy; he came in, and pitched upon the prisoner, as soon as he came into the room.


                  Joshua 
                  Hide 
               



            . I am constable. On the 18th of January, between 11 and 12 at night, two men came to the watch-house at Queenhithe, and desired I would go with them to the Feathers; I went there, and the prosecutor gave me charge of the prisoner for stealing a pair of silver buckles; after that, the prisoner desired the prosecutor to go into a back room, and me along with him. We went in; then he said, Tom, how much do I owe you? the prosecutor said, the buckles cost 27 s. and he owed him 8 s. 3 d. besides, which made 35 s. 3 d. he said, if he would let him go, he would pay him the money in a fortnight's time; that he was no the thief, but knew who did steal them. I came out of the room, and left them there by themselves.
Q. to Prosecutor. What is your landlord's name?
Prosecutor. His name is Holland.
Q. How long have you lodged there?
Prosecutor. Four or five years.
Q. How long has the prisoner lodged there?
Prosecutor. I believe not above three months.
Prisoner's Defence.
My landlord and the prosecutor came to me on Wednesday in the afternoon, where I was drinking part of a tankard of beer; my landlord said he wanted to speak with me. I went out with him; he said, do you know any thing of Tom's buckles? I said, no. He said, go along with me, and clear yourself: accordingly I did. When I came to the Feathers, in the street where my landlord lives, he went and fetched Mr. Davidson. When he came in, I heard my landlord say, that is Mr. Cook: as soon as Mr. Davidson looked at me, he said, that is Mr. Cook that I bought the buckles of; upon that, I was a little enraged; I never was in his shop in my life-time; he never bought a pair of buckles of me. They sent for a constable, and I was sent to the Compter. I do not remember my saying I knew the thief, or any such thing. The prosecutor mentioned the price of the buckles, and the money I owned him, and put them all together himself.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
