





347. (L) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Clark 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 24 pounds weight of beef, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Waine 
                  




                
            , June 14
. ++


                  David 
                  Riddle 
               



            . I was a watchman; I stopped the prisoner with a bag, in which were two pieces of beef, about a quarter after three o'clock in the morning on the 14th of June; he dropped a pick-lock key; I and my brother watchman took him to the watch-house, there he dropped under the bench two more. On the Monday morning I went to Leadenhall-market, to enquire who had lost any beef, and found the prosecutor, who had it delivered it to him before my Lord-Mayor. (The three keys produced in court, one of them bent like a book.)


                  William 
                  Waine 
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in Leadenhall-market; I can only say the beef was my property; I was in bed when it was taken; I saw it again on the 15th before my Lord-Mayor; it was taken out of Mr. Gurney's shop; I pay him a shilling a week to hang my meat there.


                  James 
                  Boston 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; I hung the two pieces of beef up in Mr. Gurney's shop on the 13th of June, about eleven or twelve at night, and locked the shop-door; Mr. Gurney's man was at the shop on the Monday morning before me; I came soon after we missed the beef, and about eight or nine o'clock the beef was brought into the market by the watchman, and I knew it immediately; the prisoner said he found it in the market.
Prisoner's defence.
Is there any farther accusation laid to my charge, if there is, I will answer them all together. I had been as far as Billingsgate; coming back again, I I saw a small bag lying; I crossed over the way, and took it up, there was some dirt on it; I flung it on my back. Is there are any farther charge? (I would not affront the court, but as an Englishman I would plead my own cause.) As I was walking along, (it was a very fine morning) I was in the middle of the road, thinking no harm, something ran into my hand; I found it was a sort of a butcher's hook; I took and put it in my pocket; coming along at the end of Camomile-street, there came three watchmen; one of them said, what have you got there; said I, I cannot tell hardly; said he, then I'll see what it is, let me look at it directly; they collared me; one pushed me one way, another another, and as they were pushing me this hook dropped; they used some vulgar words, which I am not used to, and took me to the watch-house; there were several people in the watch-house, drinking strong beer; they discharged them; there the watchmen said they saw something drop; then another of them said, there is another butcher's hook. I said, gentlemen, I am quite unacquainted in your affairs, I will not give you any answer until I come before a superior court; they carried me before the Right Hon. the Lord-Mayor; I asked him whether I might speak, and like a wise magistrate, he said, speak what you have to say; I told him how I came by it; he said, good man, or honest man, (I will not be sure which) that will be of service to you when you come to the Old-Bailey; accordingly I made a reverential bow to him. Now, my Lord, I hope it will be no affront to the court, only just to speak a word or two, by your Lordship's good leave - A proper Englishman cannot be convicted, unless there are two sufficient witnesses to affect him; there is none, you see by your wise enquiry, can say I am guilty of the affair I stand accused of at this bar; I did wish I might fall under a wise and prudent judge, and a good, judicious, tender, conscientious and righteous jury, for I am really innocent of the thing; but I will take care never more to offend my King, my God, or my country; I am a silk-weaver, and live at the upper end of Whitecross-street. I never was in such an unfortunate place as this in my life before.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
