





435. (M) 
               
                  
                     Mary Tom 
                     House 
                  



               
             *, spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a linen shirt, value 3 s. a pair of silk stockings, value 5 s. and a linen apron, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Ixer 
                        



                      
                  : and a cloak and apron
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Haggett 
                  



                
            , August 28
. ++
* Note, This prisoner was an hermaphrodite, so had the name of Tom, as a Christian name.


                  Benjamin 
                  Ixer 
               



            . I keep a public-house
, the prisoner had been by servant
 a week, I discharged her on the 28th of August at night; when she was gone we missed a sheet from the bed she had laid upon, and the rest of the things in the indictment; I went to a house on Saffron-hill, where she was recommended from, and was informed she was gone on an errand; I desired if she came again to let me know, which they did, where she was found.


                  John 
                  Glover 
               



            . I am a constable, I found the prisoner in bed at a house on Saffron-hill; I took her to the watch house, she owned she had taken the things mentioned, and given them to the woman that was in bed with her; then I went and brought that woman to the watch-house, she said the bundle was in the cellar; there I went and found it, all but the cardinal, that I found under the bed where they lay (the things produced and deposed to.)


                  Mary 
                  Hagget 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; this cloak (taking it in her hand) is my property.
Prisoner's defence.
I did not know what was in the bundle when I took it away.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
