





366. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hawket 
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of cloth breeches, value 5 s. and two pair of leather breeches, value 9 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Parke 
                        




                      
                  , privately in his shop
            , June 4
 ++


                  Francis 
                  Parke 
               



            . I live in White-lion street, St. Giles's in the Fields


, and am a taylor and salesman
: I keep a shop, and my wife a public-house; they go one out into the other: my wife hired the prisoner about the 26th of May to draw beer; the Saturday following he asked me to let him go to see his mother to get him some necessaries: I did; he was gone, I believe, three hours and a half. When he return'd, I ask'd him the reason of his staying so long; he said he had been as far as Finchley to his mother a hay-making; that he ran all the way, and in coming back got a lift in a post-chaise. On the Tuesday following, about 11 in the morning, I was sent for to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Partington 
               



            , about three or four doors from my house; she told me my boy had brought two pair of cloth breeches to her, and desired her to take them in; and that he equivocated, saying at one time they were his own, and another time that they were his father's: she gave them to me; ( produced in court) they are my property: I brought them to the prisoner in the tap room, and said, Do you know any thing of these breeches? he said, Yes; I took them from your shop. I said, I'll take you to another shop. I considered he was very young, and I was sorry to take him before the Justice: I told him, if he would tell me what other things he had taken, I would let him go about his business; he declared this was the first thing he ever did, and wish'd he might die if he did any other thing. I took him before Justice Welch, and told the Justice I thought he had robb'd me of something else. I told the Justice, as he was young, I intended to take him home, and give him a little dressing, and let him go. The Justice seemed agreeable: I took him home, and did so, and sent him about his business: the next morning I got up and look'd over the shelves, and miss'd two pair of leather breeches, and a pair of cloth breeches: I went to Justice Welch, and told him my suspicions of the mother: he granted me a warrant to take up the boy. Before I took him before the Justice, I ask'd him if he would tell me what he had done with my leather breeches; he would not acknowledge any thing. I took him before the Justice; there he would not own to any thing. After he was committed, the runner ask'd me to give him something to drink. While we were drinking, he began to talk to the boy: he told him he would take his hand-cuffs off, and he should be indulged in the prison all in his power, if he would tell the truth: at last he said he would tell him when he came to prison. No, said the runner, you had better tell me now; then he told me he had stolen two pair of leather breeches, and they were pawned in Oxford road for 9 s. He and the runner went for them, and brought them. I described them before they were opened, and I swore to them before Justice Welch. (Produced in court.)


                  Jacob 
                  Maggs 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Powell, a pawnbroker in Oxford road. The prisoner pawned these breeches to me for 9 s. on the 1st of June, in his own name: he said he brought them from his father.
Q. Did you send to know if that account was true?
Maggs. No, I did not.
Q. How long have you been in the business?
Maggs. About six years.
Q. Do you often take in pawns in this manner of such boys as this?

Maggs. No, we do not.
Court. If you do, you will never be six years in business before you are transported. If you had stood where he does, his evidence would have convicted you for having received goods knowing them to have been stolen.


                  Sarah 
                  Partington 
               



            . The prisoner brought two pair of cloth breeches, and said they were his own, and desired to leave them with me: he came again, and then said they were his father's. After he was gone, I look'd and found the prosecutor's mark upon them; then I desired the prosecutor to come to my house: he did, and look'd at them, and said they were his property.
Prisoner's Defence.
When I got up in the morning, there lay four pair of breeches at the door; I did not know who they belonged to, and I carried them to this woman. I am but fourteen years of age.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
