





207. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Kelly 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one mahogany tea chest with three tin cannisters, val. 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Wilkinson 
                        



                      
                  ; one silk capuchin cloak, val. 10 s. and one linnen shift, val. 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Lacy 
                  



                
            , spinster
, May 7
. ++


                  Charles 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker
 in St. Paul's Church-yard


, the prisoner was my porter
 ten days. On Saturday was se'nnight, in the morning, he went out, and in about two hours returned again in liquor; he came up to me in the shop, and asked for a shilling; I bid him go to sleep, as most proper in his condition: he went down stairs, and soon after I had word brought me he had taken a tea-chest and cannisters; after that he was apprehended, and, upon being charged with it, he confessed the fact.


                  Mary 
                  Lacy 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. On the 7th of this instant, between 11 and 12 o'clock, I saw the prisoner go out of the house with something under his coat; I went after him, and asked him what he had got? then I saw it was a tea-chest. He told me he was going to carry it home to a gentleman that had sent it to be mended. I opened it, and saw it was a new one; I brought it in, and shewed it to my master. A short time after he came in again, and wanted to go up to speak to my master; he went up, and soon returned, and went out; and in about a quarter of an hour after, I missed my capuchin and a shift out of my drawer: he was taken on Monday the 9th, and confessed he had taken the things mentioned in the indictment, and had pawned my shift and capuchin in Chandois-street, where we found them. (Produced in court and deposed to.)



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
