





309. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Harper 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one cotton gown, value 9 s. and one pair of stays, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Cartwright 
                  




                
            , spinster
, Aug. 25
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Cartwright 
               



            . The prisoner and I lived in one room together.
Q. Did any body else live in the same room?
M. Cartwright. Yes, four or five people.
Q. How many beds are there in that room?
M. Cartwright. There are three beds; I missed the things mentioned in the indictment; I suspected the prisoner, and took her up, and charg'd her with taking them. She own'd she had lost the stays, and that she had pawned the gown at the corner of Russel Court; I went and found it accordingly. (Produc'd in court, and depos'd too.)


                  Walter 
                  Rotchford 
               



            . I was sent for to justice Welch; there I heard the prisoner own she stole the gown from the prosecutrix.
Q. Has the prisoner us'd to pawn things with you?
Rotchford. Formerly she did; and before the justice she said, she pawn'd this gown with me?
Q. Do you recollect her pawning it?
Rotchford. No, I do not.
Prisoner's Defence.


                  Mary 
                  Cartwright 
               



             sent another woman to pawn this gown; I went with her; it was put in the name of 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Taylor 
               



            . 
               
                  Mary 
                  Cartwright 
               



             took the 8 s. that it was pawn'd for, and went away with it, and in a fortnight after I met her in Holbourn. She told me, if I would give her a crown she would let me go, because she was naked. I had not a crown, and so could not give it her; then another woman came. She was a bad woman, and she took me before the justice; if you enquire into her character, you will find her a woman of the town.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


