





569. (M.) 
               
                  Hannah, wife
 of 
                     
                        George 
                        Knope 
                     







             was indicted for 


               stealing three linen gowns, value 15 s. a silk cloak, value 7 s. a silk hat, value 2 s. a linen handkerchief, value 3 d. and a silk and cotton handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alice 
                     Pearce 
                  




                
            , widow
, September 19
. +


                  Alice 
                  Pearce 
               



            . I live in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields


. I lost the things in the indictment ( meaning them) on the 19th of September, out of a press in the prisoner's chamber. She was my servant
. She and they were missing together. She was taken a few days after I went to her in Tothillfields Bridewell; she told me if I would come the Tuesday following. she would tell me where my things were: but she never let me know.


                  William 
                  Lyn 
               



            . I am brother to the prosecutrix. I got intelligence of the prisoner at the sutling houses in the Savoy. I saw the glympse of her red cloak. There were three soldiers hid her. I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , got a warrant, and took her in Cross-street. The Saturday following I heard her declare she would tell where the things were; but she never did.


                  Allen
               


             M'Parson. I belong to the guards. The prisoner took a boat and asked me to go with her to Greenwich. I went with her, and when I came back, she lent me this handkerchief. This was on the Thursday after she left her mistress. ( The handkerchief produced, and deposed to by the prosecutrix, as one that was missing with the other things.)
Prisoner's Defence.
My mistress came to me in Bridewell, and gave me money to make it up. I had this handkerchief in my pocket. and did not know of it: and this soldier twisted it out of my hand.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
