





523. (M) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dupree 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of his hose, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Yates 
                  




                
            , Aug. 9
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Yates 
               



            . I am a hosier
 in the Strand


; I being out at the time know nothing of my own knowledge, only that the stockings are my property


                  William 
                  Hotham 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Yates. The prisoner came into our shop between seven and eight in the morning on the 9th of August, and asked to see some stockings; we shewed him some, he did not like them; we went to shew him some more, and in the mean time I saw him putting two pair of silk stockings under his shirt sleeve, I saw a piece hang out; he then took and put them in his pocket; I went from behind the counter, and stood close by the shop-door; then he shewed the stockings on his legs, and desired some the colour of them; he was shewed some, he bid 6 s. 2 d. we told him we could not take it; then he asked to see some cotton knit caps, he bought one and paid for it, and was going out of the shop; I desired him to come back, he would not; I went out and called after him, he would not come back; he at last said he would come presently, then I went out to hi m; when he got to the top of the court he slipped away, and ran into another court; I called out, stop thief; he was stopped; he took out a pair of silk stockings and put them into my hand, and wanted to go about his business; said I, you must come back along with me; we took him into the shop and set him down; after he sat some time, he got up and walked to the end of the counter, and pulled out another pair of silk stockings, and wanted to lay them down upon the counter, and they were catched out of his hands; then we took him to the watch-house, (the stockings produced in court,) I know them to be my master's property.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
