





599. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Williamson 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a silver pepper-box, value 12 s. and two silver table-spoons, value 16 s.
             the property of the Right Hon. Lady


                     Anne 
                     Hamilton 
                  




               
            , widow
, Aug. 31
. ||


                  Thomas 
                  Cowdell 
               



            . I am butler to Lady 
               
                  Anne 
                  Hamilton 
               



            ; on the 31st of August the prisoner came and knocked at the door with a letter directed to my Lady, and said she must wait for an answer; I left her in the passage while I went up to my Lady with the letter; my Lady said it was a begging letter, she said she knew nothing of the person, and would have nothing to say to her; I returned, and gave the prisoner the letter; she took it, and went out; when I came to wait at dinner, about half an hour after, I found the silver pepper-castor was missing from off the side-board in the parlour; I had put it there about half an hour before, I knew no-body had been there besides this woman; after this I missed two silver table-spoons; the day after I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             and described the arms on the things, and two days after they were advertised; Sir John sent for me, there I found the pepper-castor and one spoon.


                  Aaron 
                  Morris 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, the prisoner brought this spoon to me to pawn on Aug. the 31st, I never saw her before, I lent her seven shillings upon it; she came again with the pepper-castor; I seeing the arms on it, asked her if it was her own; she said she brought it from Mr. Phipps, she said she would go and fetch the person; she went, but did not return; I had stopped it, and at night we saw the advertisement; then I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             with the things (produced in court, deposed to as Lady Hamilton's property, her arms being on the caster, and crest on the spoon.)
Prisoner's defence.
I am innocent of it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There were two other indictments against her for crimes of the same nature.
