






91, 92. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     White 
                  



                
            , widow
, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hinchley 
               



             , spinster
, were indicted for 


               stealing two guineas, and two half guineas, the Property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Patrick 
                        




                      
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Samuel
            , December 31
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Patrick 
               



            . I keep a publick-house in Church-street, Edmonton




. Last Saturday was a week I had been out, and left my key by some accident in the room: when I came home, I was told Hinchley, the girl (who was my servant
) had found a guineas in the room; I went and took the key, and looked at my money, and found, out of between seven and eight pounds, there were but about two pounds left. I accused the girl with taking it, she deny'd it: I told her I would put her in the cage, if she would not tell what she had done with it; she told me, she had put it down the vault; and mentioned four pieces of gold that she had taken in the morning. She confessed, 
               
                  Ann 
                  White 
               



             had inticed her to rob me; and she had got my money. I took the two prisoners before a Justice of the peace; there the girl said, 
               
                  Ann 
                  White 
               



             inticed her to rob me. The Justice ordered the woman to be put in the cage, and the girl to be in the constable's care. I went to the cage, some time after, to White, and there she confessed, she received three guineas out of the girl's hand; and in half a minute, she deny'd ever seeing any.


                  Abraham 
                  Rowin 
               



            . I am constable; I had charge of the prisoners; I heard the girl confess, she had the money out of her master's drawers, two large pieces and two small ones of gold; and that 
               
                  Ann 
                  White 
               



             inticed her to do it; she continued in the same story all the time she was in my custody. The woman and the girl had several quarrels. The woman said, What a sad thing you have brought me to? And the girl said, Mother White, what have you brought me to? Upon their examination, the girl confessed the same. The woman always declared her innocence. I know no ill of the woman, but that she is apt to tipple a little.


                  William 
                  Witaker 
               



            . I was at the cage, on the Sunday night: I heard the woman say, the girl brought three guineas to her and put them into her hand.


                  Margaret 
                  Clark 
               



            . I heard the woman say, the girl put three guineas into her hand.


                  Sarah 
                  Murry 
               



            . I heard the woman say, the girl put three guineas into her hand.
Hinchley's Defence.
This woman bid me rob my master, I had known her a long while, I took the money and gave it to her.
White, 

               Acquitted
            .
Hinchley, 


               Guilty, 39 s.
            



               T
            .
