





450. (L.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Innes 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a crown-piece
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Davidson 
                  




                
            , July 20
. ++


                  John 
                  Davidson 
               



            . I live with Mr. Gaul in Lombard-street


. On the 20th of July the prisoner asked me to lend him a pair of silver buckles; he had come with his master to lodge in the house but on the Friday, and it was the Sunday after he wanted to borrow my buckles; I was busy below, and could not get up stairs for my buckles, which were in a box, so I gave him the key to go and fetch them, and about two o'clock I missed a crown piece out of the box; I did not tell any body of it till he came home, which was about nine; I called him into his master's room, and said, George, did you take a crown piece out of the box; no, said he; I said, if you have done it out of a joke, let me know and I will not tell any body; he said he did not take it; I said, if you will not tell, I'll let your master know; he said, so I might: on the Monday morning I told one of our men, and he told my master of it; my master called the prisoner into a room and asked him after it; he still denied it, till within about a quarter of an hour before his master came in, which was at half an hour after eleven; then he told my master he had taken it, and begged forgiveness; he said he had changed it at the other end of the town, and he would go and fetch it back: on the Tuesday about one o'clock, he asked me to get my master to lend him 5 s. to fetch it back; my master said if he wanted any money, to come and ask for it himself; he went and asked my master, and he lent him 5 s. he went out to fetch my crown piece, and did not come home again till the Thursday after; then he came and staid at the Mansion-house; a man stood there with him, and another man came with a letter to my master; the letter he said came from his mistress, for some shirts and things that were at our house; my master said, nothing shall go out of the house till the prisoner came himself; he did not come; a woman that washes for us saw him, she directed me; I went, and saw him and another man standing by the corner of the Mansion-house; he seeing me, ran away. On the Tuesday he sent a letter by two boys again; one of them said, we had better tell where he is; my master sent for a constable, and kept the biggest in the house, while the other went with the constable to St. Paul's Church-yard; they brought him to the Compter; he confessed to the taking my money, and he was taken the next day before Mr. Alderman Alsop, before whom he confessed the same.
Mr. Gaul. The prosecutor is my servant. On the Monday one of my men said, he did not like this black boy, the prisoner; for that Davidson had missed a crown piece out of his box, and he was crying; I asked him the reason of it; he said he had lost a crown piece, and he was afraid of acquainting me with it; he said it was left him at his mother's death, and all she could leave him, and he had a particular regard for it; then I called down the black boy from his master's room; my boy challenged him with taking it; the Black said, do you talk so to me, how dare you; I said, if you have done it in a joke, return it; he answered, he had it not, and he that took it ought to be hanged; he was to learn to dress his master's hair of me, but he was very negligent; he stood it out till was it pretty late; I threatened to send him to the Compter; then he said, Mr. Gaul, I did take it, and changed it at Hyde-park-corner, and if you will forgive me, and not tell my master, I'll get it back tomorrow; the next morning he asked his master for some money, his master happened to have no change; then he asked my boy to ask me to lend him a crown to get it again; then he came himself; I said I could not trust him; he said, if I would believe him, as he was a Christian, I will bring the crown piece back; I lent him 5 s. he went away, and I did not see him for a week or nine days after; he kept sending false letters for me to deliver up his cloaths; after he found his master was gone to Scotland, he sent two boys; I threatened to send for a constable, then they told where he was; we took him in St. Paul's Churchyard; he was taken before Mr. Alderman Alsop, there he confessed the fact, and I was bound over to prosecute.
Prisoner's defence.
On a Sunday morning I asked the boy to lend me his buckles; he gave me the key; I took the buckles that lay in one corner; I never moved any thing; I brought him down the key and went out, and when I came home at night, he challenged me with a crown piece; he told his master, and his master told me of it; I said I knew nothing of it; his master said he would confine me; he charged the watch with me, and put me in bodily fear.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
