





188. (M) 
               
                  Mary 
                  Green , otherwise 
Collier, otherwise 
Wallet




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing three linnen caps, value 3 d. one linnen shift, value 1 s. one linnen apron, value 1 s. one pewter-dish, value 1 s. one pair of worsted-stockings, value 3 d. and one pewter-plate, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mayne 
                  




                
            , May 18
. *
Mrs. Mayne. I live in Brown's gardens


, my husband's name is John; the prisoner lodged in my house.
Q. How long did she lodge in your house?
Mrs. Mayne. About five or six months, or more. The linnen and stockings, mentioned in the indictment, were lost out of the kitchen. She lodged up two pair of stairs, The plate and dish belonged to her apartment, and were let with the lodging-room. The morning the things were missing, she had been to carry some small-beer down in the kitchen, and nobody had been there but her. As soon as I charged her with taking them, she owned it; and she had the stockings on her legs, when I took her up.
Q. Where was she when you took her up?

Mrs. Mayne. She was at a house in Short's-gardens, drinking with a great many men. She carried me to the pawnbroker's, where she had pawned some of the other things. It was over-against Cranbourn-alley. There she had pawned the shift and apron for a crown; but she would not own where the caps were; she said I might be d - d, I could do no more to her than I had.
- Hatton. I am apprentice to Mr. Stiles, a pawnbroker; the prisoner brought these things, and pawned them. The shift and apron she brought on the 18th of May, and pawned for a crown. The dish and plate she brought about a fortnight before. She used to bring them in and out very often, and other things with them.
Prisoner's Defence.
My husband shewed me the way to the pawnbroker's, and the things were all in his name.
Q. to prosecutrix. Had she a husband lived with her?
Prosecutrix. There was a man lived with her, after she took the rooms; but afterwards she denied his being her husband.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


