





173. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Esther 
                     Urwin 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 3 silver tea spoons, value 3 s. one pair of silver tea tongs, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Brown 
                  




                
            , April 1
. +


                  William 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live at Kensington Gore, the prisoner came to live with me, on trial as a servant
, some time in March.
Q. What is your imployment?
Brown. I keep a public house, I had company, there were 3 Ladies which drank tea; I gave the prisoner 3 tea spoons and tongs for their use, about 6 in the evening.
Q. How long had she lived with you?
Brown. About 7 or 8 days; after they had drank tea, I look'd in her face, and thought she look'd a little stupid in liquor, I order'd her to wash the spoons up, and put them into their proper place where they always are; this was near 8 o'clock; in about half an hour she took her bundles, and slipp'd off with the spoons in her pocket.
Q. How do you know that?
Brown. There was a painter there that told me. as soon as we miss'd her, that he saw her put the spoons in her pocket.
Q. Is he here?
Brown. No; he was a stranger to me. About 5 weeks afterwards, as I was going through St. Giles's, I saw her come out of a house; she seeing me, ran away, and through a house, and into another; I pursued and took her, and carried her before justice Fielding. She begg'd I would not take her there; and said, she would tell me where my things were: she own'd she had pawn'd them at the corner of Russel court, Drury Lane, at the house of one Rochford. I lost 3 spoons, but she own'd but to 2, and the tongs. Mr. Fielding sent for the pawnbroker, and his servant that took them in came; and she own'd she pawn'd them to him. (produced in court, and deposed too.) They have the same marks which they had when I bought them.


                  Peter 
                  Peel 
               



            . I live with Mr. Rochford, a pawnbroker, I took these spoons and tongs in of a woman; I can't recollect the prisoner, they were brought at 2 separate times. I lent her 4 s. on the whole; I heard the prisoner own before the Justice she pawn'd them with me.
Prisoner's Defence.
I am very sorry for what I have done, but I was not in my senses when I did it, my master has not paid me my wages.

Q. to prosecutor. Did you take her to be out of her senses?
Prosecutor. No, I did not; I thought her to be a little in liquor then, for the time she was there I owe her about 15 d. it cannot be above that, but I will give her half a crown (which he did) telling her he was sorry for her; recommending her to the court for mercy.



               Guilty
            .
After she was found guilty, instead of returning her master thanks for his civility, and recommending her, &c. she curs'd him, and wished he might break his neck before he got home.




[Transportation. See summary.]


