





271. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harris 
                  



               
             was indicted, for that 


               he, together with 
                     
                        John 
                        Dyal 
                     



                  , not taken, on the King's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Rudhall 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person one silver watch, value 3 l. and one half guinea, the property of the said William, against his will
            , March 1
. ++


                  William 
                  Rudhall 
               



            . I am a carpenter
: I was going to the pay-table at New-street-hill, on the 1st of March; about 11 at night; I was robbed in Castle yard, in Holborn


, by three men; they did not speak to me at all, they only shoved me about, then they knocked me down; one said, help him up; and instead of that I was held down, while one of them took my watch from my fob and half a guinea from my pocket. I said, gentlemen, can't you let me alone; I can't say but I swore at them. I cannot pretend to swear to any one of them.

John Surry. I am a labouring man; I have known the prisoner about a quarter of a year; he and I were drinking in a public-house, and 
               
                  John 
                  Dyal 
               



             came in; he wanted to go out with us; we were going out, and took him along with us. The first thing we got was a shoulder of veal, with the nuckle cut off; we had it dressed; then we went and picked a man's pocket of a handkerchief, where people were quarrelling; then we turned down a court, and met the prosecutor; he was coming towards Holborn; he fell down; we ran to assist him to pick him up; he made a mumbling, as if he had lost something; I looked, and saw nothing upon the ground; then Harris came up, and said, He has got a watch. Then I said, We will have it. Dyal was not come from him; we went back; the prosecutor fell down again; I did not see any body knock him down; I went to help lift him up, and fell over him, and in the mean time Harris took his watch. Then we went, and left him upon the ground; I know nothing of the half-guinea; if they took it, they never told me of it: then we went for Turnmill-street, and Dyal took a breast of mutton. On the Monday morning I got a watchmaker's apprentice to go and pawn the watch, which he did by Goswell-street bars: Harris and I staid at a public-house the while.
Q. Was the prosecutor in liquor at the time the watch was taken?
Surry. He was very much in liquor.
Prisoner. What the evidence says is very just and true; I can say no more; I took the watch from off the ground.


                  John 
                  Richardson 
               



            . Surry brought the watch to me, to carry to pawn; the prisoner was by at the time; this was on Monday morning, the 3d of March; I carried it to Mr. West, a pawnbroker, and got 1 l. 4 s. upon it: I never knew Harris before; I did know Surry.


                  Samuel 
                  West 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; this watch I took in of Richardson, on the 3d of March, about 8 in the morning (produced, and deposed to by the No 398;) I have the same number in my pocket-book, which I wrote before (produced.)


                  Joseph 
                  Rebale 
               



            . The evidence and Harris were taken in my house together.
Prisoner's defence.
I am in the watch way; I leave it to the mercy of the court.




               Guilty of stealing the watch
            . 


               T
            .
