





428. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Devene 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, value 6 s. a duffil waistcoat, value 2 s. three silver tea-spoons, value 4 s. four linen shirts, value 12 s. one pair of cotton stockings, value 4 d. two pair of worsted stockings, value 8 d. one periwig, value 2 s. one hat, value 6 d. two linen handkerchiefs, value 1 s one silk and cotton handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Seyers 
                  




                
            , March 3
. *


                  Henry 
                  Seyers 
               



            . I live in Catherine-wheel alley, Whitechapel


: I am a taylor
, and have only two rooms. On the 3d of March the prisoner left his lodging; he lodged in the same house, and that day all the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them) were missing. I never saw him afterwards, till about a month ago, in prison; he then had my coat and waistcoat on; he desired I would be favourable to him; I never found any of my other things.


                  James 
                  Horn 
               



            . I live in Clarkenwell, and deal in brandy and tea; I hearing the prosecutor say he had been robbed by the prisoner, and he wish'd he could find him; I knowing him, and that he belong'd to the Surry militia, got intelligence of him, and took him up: he was dress'd in a lapell'd blue grey coat, and duffil waistcoat: he was carried to Bridewell at Chatham: I came up to London for the prosecutor: when the prisoner was taken out to go before Mr. Best, to be examined, he went without coat or waistcoat: we went to Bridewell; there we found the coat and waistcoat torn all to pieces, and some of them put into one hole, and some in another. (Produced all in pieces, and a periwig in two pieces).
Prosecutor. I know these pieces are part of my coat, which I lost at the time: I made it myself.
Prisoner's Defence.
I gave very proper notice that I was going away: the prosecutor gave but very little heed to it: Mr. Horn took me up and carried me before 'Squire Best; he told him there were some things belonging to the cloaths I had on that he could swear to; I shewed them to the gentleman, and he said Horn was a very bad man for saying so: I was ordered to put on my cloaths, and was taken to Chatham watch-house; I thought I had people against me that would swear any thing: I sent my cloaths to a house where I owed money, for I always love to pay where I owe; presently Mr. Horn came and tore best part of the place down, and found a parcel of rags that were torn to pieces by a man that had been out of his senses, and confined there. I desired the constable to go to my lodging, to fetch my cloaths, but I could never get them again: I was obliged to go naked through the streets to the justice's; this coat I have on I bought of the marine society; as I have served his Majesty, I always love to wear the cloth. I am as innocent as the child unborn.
Q. to Horn. Did you ever hear of this story of a madman before?
Horn. No, I never did?
Q. What reason did he give for his coming in that undress before the justice?
Horn. He said he had sold the cloaths to a cloaths-man: I know these pieces belong to the coat I took the prisoner in.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
