





370. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Morgan 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen table-cloth, value 3 s. and a linen napkin, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Elliot 
                  




               
            , May 6
. *


                  William 
                  Elliot 
               



            . I keep a public-house
 in Chandler's-street near Grosvenor-square


. On the 3d of May, about eleven o'clock, my wife went to her drawer, having occasion for a table-cloth, she missed one; upon which I went to the pawnbrokers to enquire if any had been brought, and the second that I went to which was in Oxford-road, named Glade. I described my linen as all marked with boiled oil and vermilion; Mrs. Glade produced a table-cloth and a napkin, which I knew to be mine, marked 
               
                  W.
                   E. 
               



            (produced and deposed to;) she said they were pawned to her by a very likely young man, which she should know again if she saw him; he was taken by the pawnbroker afterwards.


                  Sarah 
                  Glade 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner brought this napkin on the 2d of May about five o'clock, and about an hour after he came with the table-cloth; I lent him 3 s. 6 d. upon the whole.


                  Martha 
                  Glade 
               



            . I am daughter to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Glade 
               



            ; I am positive the prisoner is the man that brought the table-cloth and napkin to our house.


                  Anne 
                  Bey 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Elliot; I had put the table-cloth in the drawer in the kitchen, about half an hour after three o'clock; the prisoner came in for a pint of beer, I dreamed it, this was about half an hour after four; he asked my mistress whether any body had been there waiting for him; he said about a quarter of an hour, and part of the time in the kitchen by himself.
Mr. French. I was at the prosecutor's that afternoon about two hours; I saw the prisoner in the kitchen and spoke to him.
Prisoner's defence.
I never was in that public-house nor pawnbroker's in my life, till they took me up, I am a gentleman's servant.
To his character.


                  William 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I have known the prisoner some time; he was a gentleman's servant, but has been out of place about a year; I looked upon him to be a very sober careful man.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
