






184, 185. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Wood 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Humphrey 
                     Harrison 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing twelve pair of women's worsted hose, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Moses 
                     Smith 
                  




                
            , February 21
. ++


                  Moses 
                  Smith 
               



            . I live at the sign of the Lamb, in Aldersgate-street


; I am a dyer, and keep a stocking shop
. Last thursday night, I went out of the shop into the kitchen, and left a paper of stockings out he counter, which I had a little before shewed to a customer: my lodger, 
               
                  Jeremiah 
                  Symonds 
               



            , went out at the back door, and seeing my shop door open as he came round, he asked how it came to be open; I had left it shut just before. Going on his business, he returned, and said he had seen two boys looking at something under a lamp; he supposed they had got some stockings; I said, I had just missed a paper of stockings; he said he knew where to find them: he and my apprentice went up Maidenhead-court, and I up Aldersgate-street; they took the two prisoners and brought them to my house with the stockings: (produced and deposed to); they had flung the paper away: they are two-threads, sham fine, of a particular fineness, almost as fine as the fine; here are twelve of them. I had seen them, I believe I may say about five minutes before. Wood said the crime was very bad, and hoped I would be merciful to him; he took them out of his pocket, and laid them on the counter, one by one: the other prisoner behaved saucy and rude, and said I had no business with him.


                  Jeremiah 
                  Symonds 
               



            . I lodge in the prosecutor's house. I left work about ten minutes after eight, and going to Whitechapel, I went out at the back door; and at the end of the passage, I stood and paused, which way I should go; whether through the city, or over Moorfields: I turned to go over Moorfields, and saw the shop door open; I knocked with my heel, and the housekeeper came and shut it, and seemed surprized: then I went on, and saw two lads standing under a lamp, about twenty yards from Mr. Smith's door; I saw one of them put a white bundle under his arm: I followed them; they went to go into Crowder's-well-alley; Wood said, we will go in here, this will carry us into Jewin-street. I went back, and asked Mr. Smith if he had lost any thing? they were looking for the stockings. Then we went after the boys; he went one way and I went another: I found the prisoners, and laid hold of Wood, and said he must go with me: he said, for what? I said, where are the stockings you have taken? he bid me lay hold of Harrison: after that, he owned he had got them, and would fain have given them to me: I brought them both back: we got a constable: Wood took the stockings out of his pocket, and Harrison said he knew nothing of Wood, and Wood did not own he knew him; they were taken before my Lord Mayor; there Wood said, he picked them up at the door; but over night he owned he had taken them away from the shop.

Wood's Defence.
As I was going by the door, home from work, I kicked a bundle, and picked it up; I saw they were stockings, I put them in my pocket, and was going home; I asked this lad by me, which was the nearest way to the Pye-shop, in Jewin-street? going along, that man came and laid hold of me, and asked what I did with the stockings? I said I had got them. I know no more of this lad (meaning Harrison) than the child unborn: I met him in the Horse-ride, going to Crowder's-well-alley.
Harrison's Defence.
I know no more of the thing than the child unborn: he asked me the way to the Pye-shop.
Q. to Prosecutor. How old is Harrison?
Symonds. His mother says he is about thirteen years old.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
See Harrison tried before, No. 335. in last mayoralty, for picking a gentleman's pocket; for which he was cast and whipped.
