





436. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Rackley 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a blue cloth coat, value 5 s. a light coloured cloth coat, value 5 s. two cloth waistcoats, value 5 s. a man's hat, value 2 s. a dowlas shirt, value 2 s. and a pair of worsted stockings, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wakefield 
                  




                
            , Jan. 6
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Wakefield 
               



            . I live at Winchmore-hill in the parish of Edmonton


; on the 6th of January I had been at my daily labour, I met the constable, who told me the prisoner had been and stole my clothes, which I found to be true, and if he light of him he would lay hold of him, and examine him; he was brought to my house a month ago last Sunday; he upon being charged with taking the things laid in the indictment (mentioning them) he owned he had, and that he had sold them 20 miles beyond Reading in Berkshire; I never found them again; here is his old clothes which were found in an open hay-barn the day after my things were gone, I well know to be what the prisoner used to wear.


                  Anne 
                  Wakefield 
               



            . I am wife to the prosecutor, I went out about half an hour after seven on the 6th of January, and left my key in a barn, where my husband knew where to find it; when I came home I could not find the key; in going on the back-side my house I saw my back-door open, I went in and up stairs, and found the things mentioned in the indictment were gone out of a chest of drawers.


                  William 
                  Weaver 
               



            . I know these clothes produced here by the prosecutor, are the same the prisoner used to wear; he lay in that hay-loft where the clothes were found, and the very day the prosecutor was robbed he went away.


                  James 
                  Frazier 
               



            . I overtook the prisoner at the White Hart on this side Newington, about five o'clock that morning that the prosecutor was robbed; I asked him where he was going; he said, to Leadenhall-market to see a friend; the coat he had on was blue-grey, with a black cape and black buttons, and a red waistcoat; he had a parcel in a sack on a stick on his shoulder.
Wakefield. One of my coats and waistcoat were as Frazier has described.
Prisoner's defence.
I did this thing, I was starving alive for want, having no friend in the world.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
