









4. (M) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harrison 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing 30 yards of muslin, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        Isabella 
                        Chapman 
                     



                   , privately, in the shop of the said Isabella
            , November 7




. ++
Isabella Chapman, I live in Duke's-court, by the King's-meuse






. I was in my parlour, and a gentlewoman with me, I heard my window smash all to pieces. I went into my shop immediately, there were three pieces of muslin missing.
Q Were there 30 yards of it?
Is. Chapman. Yes, and a great deal above that.
Q. Did you see who took it away?
Is. Chapman. No, I did not; there came a pastry cook's boy, and said he saw two men, one of them a short one, run away very fast: I went to justice Fielding, and had my goods advertised the next day, with two guineas reward. About a week after, one of Mr. Fielding's men came and told me one Mr. Spencer had stopped some muslin. I went to justice Fielding's. There the justice asked me if I could swear to my muslin. I said I could not. There was a person stopped that had a letter in her pocket, directed to the prisoner. The justice granted me a warrant to search his house. We went first to the prison, and found part of the goods on Sherlock, the evidence. We asked Sherlock about them: he said, if we would bring him to justice Fielding, he would tell all, and mentioned the prisoner at the bar. He was brought to justice Fielding, and the prisoner was taken up. Sherlock told us before the justice where the muslins were pawned; and that he was with the prisoner at the taking of them, and that he himself broke the window.
Q. Was this in the hearing of the prisoner?
Is. Chapman. It was. He said the prisoner received it of him, and they carried it to the prisoner's wife, and she tore it to pieces. We went to some pawnbrokers, by Sherlock's directions, and found some muslin: after that they were committed.


                  Samuel 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: on the 13th of November two women came to my shop to pawn a neckcloth of new muslin; they wanted half a crown on it; one of the women was dressed very genteel, but the other not so. I did not take it in. The next day, seeing an advertisement of a shop being broke open in Duke's court, St. Martin's-lane, and some muslin taken away, I ordered my servant, if they came again, to stop them. On the Monday morning following they came again with this neckcloth [producing one] they said they had brought it again, and wanted two shillings upon it. I asked them whose it was. One of them said it was her husband's. I said, What is your name? She said, 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Orberry 
               



            . [This proved to be the prisoner's wife.] I jump'd over the counter, and said, Good woman, you and I must go to the Round-house together. I took her there; and she being genteely dressed, I ordered her not to be put among the common people, but taken up stairs. I went to justice Fielding, and told him what I had done, and what I suspected, by reason that the woman that was with her belongs to one Sherlock. He said I had done extremely right, for Sherlock is now in custody. Mr. Fielding sent for the woman who called herself Orberry. He could get nothing out of her. [She appears to be an artful woman.] She said her husband was an engraver, and that she had been with Sherlock's wife at my house on the Thursday before. The justice ordered her to be searched. In her pocket was found a letter directed to a person in Clare-market (I have forgot the name.) She gave but a very lame account of the letter. An officer went and found the woman that the letter was directed to, and brought her to Mr. Fielding's. As soon as she came in, she looked on Orberry, and said, Mrs. Harrison how do you do? Said Mr. Fielding, Is this Mr. Harrison's wife? Then he committed her to the Gate-house. Mr. Fielding granted a search warrant, and desired we would go and look for Sherlock's wife. We heard she was at Saltpeter-bank; but we could not find her. We went to New-prison, to Sherlock. The constable took from off Sherlock's neck a neck-cloth: we compared it with the other, and found it of the same quality, length and breadth, with the other. [Produced in court.]
Q. to Prosecutrix. Look at these neckcloths.
Prosecutrix. One piece of muslin may be like another. It is such as I lost. I know no other wife than by what Sherlock says: he says these are mine.
Spencer. I told Sherlock it was brought home to him, that we had stopped Mrs. Harrison, and a pastry-cook's boy had described his person; and that Mrs. Harrison had confessed her husband and he had broke such a shop. Then he made a pause, and said, if we would bring him to Mr. Fielding, he would confess the whole, if he could be admitted an evidence.
Q. Did Harrison hear Sherlock give an account of this robbery before the justice?
Spencer. He did, he was within three yards of him, leaning over the bar, at the same time. Sherlock confessed the several Robberies, for which Harrison is to be tried; and said, Harrison and he committed them, and how they were done.
Q. What reply did Harrison make?
Spencer. He made no reply: they were there a full hour.
Q. Did Mr. Fielding ask Harrison what he had to say to it?
Spencer. He did, but Harrison made no reply; he never said one syllable against it.
Q. What account did Sherlock give of the robbery?
Spencer. He said Harrison and he had been in the day time to look at the window; and that Sherlock broke the window, and took the muslin out, and gave it to Harrison.


                  Patrick 
                  Sherlock 
               



            . The day this robbery was committed, I met Mrs. Harrison under Newgate.
Q. What day was it committed?
Sherlock. I do not remember the day, it is about a month ago: she told me her husband wanted to see me. I went to him; he was in his waistcoat. He said his wife had pawned his coat to get her gown out. This was at his lodgings in Clare-market. He told me, if I would lend him as much money as would get his coat out, he knew where was some muslin. I told him I had not so much money about me.
Q. Did he tell you where the muslin was?
Sherlock. Yes, he told me it was in Duke's-court. I told him I had a ring I would lay in pawn for half a crown to get his coat out, which I did, and we went in the day-time and looked at the shop. We went again between eight and nine: I put my glove on, and pushed in a pane of glass, and took the muslin thro' the place: then we ran away; and near York-buildings in the Strand, I took half, and he half, in our bosoms; and we went home to his lodgings, and Mrs. Harrison cut it up into aprons, and two neckcloths each: she went to pawn the aprons, and we sat in a public-house the while.
Q. Did you give the same account before justice Fielding?
Sherlock. I did.
Spencer. I heard him give the account there in the presence of the prisoner, and the prisoner's wife.
Q. to Sherlock. Where did the prisoner's wife pawn the pieces for aprons?
Sherlock. She pawned one at Mr. Key's, in Holbourn. We made a present of one to Mrs. Faulkature, where we cut them up: the prisoner and 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Mac Daniel 
               



             were hand-cuffed together, at the justice's, when I gave this evidence. She is a person that I kept company with.


                  David 
                  Spires 
               



            . Harrison's wife came to me on the 8th of November, and offered me two yards of muslin to pledge. [Produced in court.]

Q. to Prosecutrix. Look at this piece.
Prosecutrix. One piece may be like another: I cannot swear to it.
Q. Is it a proper quantity to make an apron of?
Prosecutrix. It is.
Spires. I thought it too good for a person of her character to wear: I stopped it. First she said it was her sister's, after that she said it was her own, and gave various accounts. She brought several people to say it was her property. On the Monday following she came and said she had it to make up for a person, and it would be a great detriment to her, if she had it not. I said, except she brought the right owner, she should not have it: I heard no more of her till after she was taken.
Q. Was you by when the prisoner was before justice Fielding?
Spires. I was, and heard Sherlock give an account of this and divers other robberies. The prisoner and his wife, and 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Mac Daniel 
               



            , were by at the time.


                  Thomas 
                  Oakes 
               



            . Sherlock said, if we would be a means of bringing him to justice Fielding, he would tell the truth. I was present, and heard him give his information. I had a warrant, and went to Harrison's lodgings in Laurence lane, near St. Giles's-church. I took him, and brought him to justice Fielding's.
Q. to Sherlock. Look at that neckcloth, that was taken from your neck: How did you come by it?
Sherlock. That is part of the muslin, which we had out of that shop in Duke's-court.
Mr. Nicholls. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Harrison 
               



             pawned a piece of muslin with me, for 8 s. [Produced in court.]
Q. Is that a proper quantity for an apron?
Nichols. It is.
Sherlock. This is part of the muslin we had from the prosecutrix's shop: I saw Mrs. Harrison cut it out.
Mrs. Keys I lent Mrs. Harrison 8 s. on a piece of muslin. [Produced in court.] It corresponds with the other piece, and is the size of an apron.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have very little knowledge of Sherlock: I was very ill when he came to me. I did not go out with him, as he charges me: I had been at my mother's, where many sailors resort. He came to me there with that muslin, and told me it was run by sailors, and he wanted 40 s. on it, or he should be arrested, and desired my wife to go and pawn it for him. I thought what he said was truth, and she did go and pledge them. He has been tried here for such an offence, as he charges me with ~. He charges me with this, in order to clear himself. There was a man that he desired to keep out of the way; saying, If he did not, he should be cast. And since that, that man has unfortunately fell down a pair of stairs, and is killed; and I am deprived of his evidence, which would have been of great service to me.
~ See Sherlock tried, Numb. 153, in the last mayoralty, for breaking the shop of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Danson 
               



            , in Long-acre, and stealing handkerchiefs, &c.
On account of the act of violence in breaking the window, the jury 


               acquitted him of privately stealing, and found him guilty of a single felony
            .
(M) He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing nine silk handkerchiefs, value 18 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Grant 
                        



                      
                  , in the shop of the said Isaac, privately, and secretly
            , Nov. 28




. ++
Mrs. Grant, and Sherlock proved on this as was proved on the other trial, that the window was broke by violence, &c. and the goods mentioned taken away.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            .
(M) He was a third time indicted for 


               stealing six yards of lawn, value 16 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cooper 
                        



                      
                  , in the shop of the said William, privately, and secretly
            , Nov. 22




. ++
This appeared the same with the former trials.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            .
(M) He was a fourth time indicted for 


               stealing 20 yards of muslin, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Graham 
                        



                      
                  , widow
, in the shop of the said Martha, privately
            , Nov. 22




. ++
This appeared the same.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            .
(M) He was a fifth time indicted for 


               stealing one shagreen-case, with three gold ear-rings, value 15 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Ragsdale 
                        








                      
                  , in the shop of the said George, privately, and secretly
            , Nov. 21




. ++
This appeared the same.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


