





65. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gilson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 18 penywt. of silver, val. 1 s. 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Richardson 
                  




                
            , Dec. 16
.~


                  James 
                  Richardson 
               



            . The prisoner worked with me. When he was gone home one night, I saw in his drawer a piece of silver, and the next day I saw it was gone: From that time I used to watch him; and on the 16th of December I was out in the evening, and my men had made a hole thro' the cieling to watch him. 
               
                  John 
                  Hayward 
               



             came and told me he saw the prisoner put another piece into his pocket, when he had done work, and was preparing to go out; we stopped him, and found this silver in his pocket. [Producing some clippings of silver.] Here is eight peny-weight of it; I know it to be my property, because I saw it in the drawer in the day time, and I have the things here that he cut it from, that match it. I sent for a constable, and he was carried before a justice; he fell down on his knees, and begged I would forgive him.


                  Robert 
                  Hitchcock 
               



            . I was informed by my master the prosecutor, that the prisoner had robbed him, so we watched him; after that, Mr. Hayward informed me he saw him take some silver, and put it into his pocket; this was on the 16th of December; so a constable was sent for, and Mr. Hayward pointed to the pocket he saw the prisoner put it in, and there it was found, about eight peny-weight of it; the prisoner owned it to be my master's property.


                  John 
                  Hayward 
               



            . Before the 16th of December we had made a hole through which to look, in order to detect the prisoner; and before 6 o'clock I looked through it, and saw him take a piece of silver, and cut it in two; one piece he laid on the board, and the other he put into his left-hand pocket, where it was found; it was my master's property.
Prisoner's Defence.
It is a common thing with us, after we have done work, to take care of the silver, and put it into a tin box; as soon as I had done work, I got up to look for the box; there was never a one; then I saw it was near 8 o'clock. I put it into my pocket, and washed my hands, and, going down stairs, I was called in by my master. They said, I had some of his silver in my pocket; I took out, and gave it him; and said, I did not do it with intent to wrong him of it.
Prosecutor. There was a proper box in the shop to put the clippings in at that time.
He called 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Corkee 
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Benni 
               



            , 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Cheesan 
               



            , 
               
                  Philip 
                  Durand 
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ottey 
               



            , who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


