





240. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Jones 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, val. 30 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Patrick 
                           Nash 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , April 25
. ++


                  Patrick 
                  Nash 
               



            . On the 25th of April last, about 6 o'clock in the morning, I met with the prisoner in Bow-street, Covent garden


, we both saluted each other; she asked me for something to drink, I said with all my heart. We went into one of the little houses there, and had some tea, and staid there till between 2 and 3 in the afternoon; then she said, she could eat something, I ordered some mutton chops, they were getting ready, I was very d fy, not being long from sea, I laid my head down, and desired her to awake me when the stakes were ready; I believe I slept about an hour, when I awaked my watch and she were gone. She had told me she lodged in Sheer-lane I went there the next day, and found her in the neighbourhood; she then said, she did not know me; at last she owned she took my watch, and went with me to Mr. Day's, a pawnbroker, at the bottom of Holborn, where I found it; she said, it was the first offence she ever did.
Q. Are you sure you had your watch in your pocket?
Nash. I looked at it, but whether I laid it down, or put it in my pocket, I am not sure.


                  Mary 
                  Coy 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Day. I took in this watch of the prisoner of the bar. (Produced in court, deposed to by prosecutor.)


                  Richard 
                  Pierce 
               



             the constable deposed to that of her confession, and where she had pawned it.
Prisoner's Defence.
I met with this man accidentally; he said he would give me half a guinea for a favour, I said he should not for fifty; he had no money, so he left this watch with me, and said he would come and redeem it the next Saturday. I lived four years at Hitchen with a Quaker, and now I am come to London and lit in a bad house, and now am nabb'd by an Irishman at last.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
