






351. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Millar 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 6 linen shirts, value 3 l. one pair of Bristol stone shoe-buckles set in silver, value 20 s. one pair of ditto knee buckles, value 10 s. one silver table-spoon, value 6 s. two silver tea-spoon, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Cox 
                        




                      
                  , Esq
; in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Elliston 
                     



, widow.
The prosecutor being a German, Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Keys 
               



             was s worn interpreter.


                  Michael 
                  Cox 
               



            . I was not in the house at the time the things were lost; I can only swear they are my property. I came home, where I lodge, between twelve and one on the 20th of May at night: I knocked at the door, and two watchmen came from the opposite side of the way, and told me they had got a young man in the round-house who they believed had robbed me. Upon the door being opened, the woman of the house told me the same, and that I had been robbed of most of the things in the house. I went up stairs, and found the lock of my escrutore broke open; upon which I examined, and found a key that ought to be in it was taken out, and other drawers were broke open. Out of those drawers were taken linen, two pair of stone buckles set in silver, three tea-spoons, and one table-spoon.
Q. Where do you lodge?
Cox. In Burlington Gardens


, at the upper end of the street. Then I went to the watch-house to the prisoner; he said, Captain, will not you forgive me?
Q. Did you know him before?
Cox. No, I did not.


                  Ann 
                  Elliston 
               



            . On the 20th of May, about ten in the evening, I thought I heard somebody in Capt. Cox's bed-chamber, which is over the room where I generally am. I took up the candle, and bid the maid follow me: on opening the Captain's room-door, I saw a clean shirt lie on the bed, and two white handkerchiefs lying on the ground. I went to the foot of the bed, and there I saw the prisoner; I asked him how he came there; he made me no answer; he had a bundle of linnen tied up in a napkin in his hand, which he let fall to the ground. I took hold of him, and took him into the dining-room, and bid the maid call my brother. The prisoner asked me to let him go, and said he had not got any thing: my brother came, and I desired him to take care of him till I got a proper officer. When the officer came, he searched him, and took from him a black shagreen case with the silver buckles in it; the things were carried to the watch-house, and delivered to the lanthorn-bearer. (Six shirts, part of the things, produced in court, and deposed to) These shirts were in the bundle which he had in his hand there was a parcel of keys taken out of his pocket, and another shagreen case with spoons in it.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
A. Ellistone. He used to come to see the Captain's servant; I have seen him before.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the things; I was in liquor, and might stroll in in order to see the Captain's servant.




               Guilty, 39 s.
            



               T
            .
