





157. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Lewis 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one white linnen gown, value 6 d. one pair of women's stays, value 12 d. one pair of cotton stockings, value 3 d. and one checque linnen apron, value 3 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Cook 
                  




                
            , March 13
.*
Ann Cook, My husband's name is John, we live in Great Suffolk-street


, the prisoner was my servant
, she absconded from me on the 26th of March, and left the door open, then I missed the things mentioned in the indictment ( mentioning them by name.) I went directly among the pawnbrokers, and found all my things again, some in Green-street, the corner of Leicester-fields, and the others at the corner of Coventry-court; and my husband took the prisoner in the street, the day that the man was executed for killing the woman in Leicester fields; she was carried before the justice, and I heard her confess she took the things away, and said she owed money, and the people dunn'd her for it, and she took the things to satisfy them, as she had been out of place, and had no money. I believe it is the first fact she ever committed.


                  John 
                  Riley 
               



            , a servant to a pawnbroker, produced a pair of stays and a pair of stockings, which be deposed the prisoner pledged with him. (Deposed to by the prosecutrix.) 
               
                  Henry 
                  Stockdell 
               



            , the other pawnbroker's servant; being attending another trial at Hicks's-hall, could not produce the other goods; but the prosecutrix had seen them, and declared they were her property.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


