





473. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Caen 
                  



               
             was indicted for that 


               he, with a certain knife, on 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           McDowell 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault with intent the money of the said William to steal
            , Sept. 26
. *


                  William 
                  McDowell 
               



            . I was coming from Wellclose-squary


 on the 26th of September, in the evening, three men and a woman stood in the Square which I passed; after that three men came after me pretty fast, I was then pretty near the top of the passage, one of them came before me and got hold of my right arm, the second laid hold of my left, and the third, which was the prisoner, had a knife in his hand, saying, if I spoke a word, I was a dead man. I seeing the knife, called out murder. The prisoner cut at me, I held up my hand to save my neck, and he cut my thumb. The man at my right hand felt for the watch, but I not having a string to it, saved it. There were two women looked out at a window, and called out to the person that took the prisoner, and said, that was the man, directing him to the prisoner.


                  Richard 
                  Linstead 
               



            . I was coming home between 8 and 9 o'clock that night, as I was near Justice Pell's door, I heard murder cry'd, upon hearing it a second time I ran very hard, as I got by the posts the prisoner past me, two women over my head from a window said, that is the man that has past you; he was walking alone, I said, what have you been doing? he answered nothing at all; the women said, they believed he had murdered a man; as soon as the prosecutor saw him he said, that is the man that held a knife to my throat.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
