






323, 324. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     May 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing sixty yards of silk ribbon, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Wiggett 
                        



                      
                  , spinster, privately in the shop of the said Elizabeth
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Stanley 
                  



                
            , for 


               being present, aiding, assisting, and commanding the said Samuel to do and commit the said felony
            , May 17

. *



                  Elizabeth 
                  Wiggett 
               



            . I keep a shop
 in Great Turnstile, Holborn



. On the 17th of May, about 7 o'clock, Mr. Gagnon, a neighbour of mine, came into my shop, to the two prisoners, which were there before: he shewed me some ribbons: I was not in the shop when the fact was done: I can only say the ribbons are my property. ( Three rolls of ribbon produced and deposed to).


                  Margaret 
                  Ford 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Wiggett. I had just opened the shop, and the two prisoners came in, and asked me to show them some ribbons: I handed a box of ribbons down. May agreed for half a yard: I cut it off, and was going to put the box up, and the other prisoner said, he must have a little bit: I asked him, What colour he chose to have? he said he would have it the same as the other. While I was measuring it, Mr. Gagnon came in, and asked May whether he had not got more ribbons than he had paid for? May said, no. Then my mistress came in, and other people, and the ribbons were found in May's pockets, which were in the box when I set it before them.
Q. What did the prisoners say for themselves?
M. Ford. I did not hear them say any thing.


                  Stephen 
                  Gagnon 
               



            . I live in Great Turnstile, opposite the prosecutrix. On the 17th of May. between 6 and 7 in the morning, I saw the two prisoners come to her shop door, and look into the shop: I said to 
               
                  John 
                  Wright 
               



            , my apprentice, Jack, look sharp after them fellows, they look more like thieves than horses; it is my opinion they are going to steal something: I was talking to a customer, and my apprentice said they were looking at some ribbons; presently he said, There! they have put some in their pockets now: presently he said, There, there! they have taken some more: then I said to him, come over with me: we went into the prosecutrix's shop, and a carpenter followed us: I said to May, what is that you put in your pocket, friend? he said, Sir, I have nothing in my pocket. I took him by the collar, and he shuffled his hand into his right hand pocket, and took out two rolls of ribbon, and slipped them into the box: I immediately laid hold of them: (He takes up two rolls, one purple, the other blue and white): these are they: said I, you villain, you have stole them. I put my hand into his left-hand pocket, and pulled out the other roll of green ribbon; then he said, he did not mean to steal them: I found nothing upon Stanley. Then I sent the carpenter for Mr. Clay, the high-constable: they both begged for mercy, pulling their hats off, and said, you are a young man as well as we: you don't know what you may come to: they said it was the very first time they had been guilty of any such thing, and begged to be let go.
Q. What did Stanley say?
Gagnon. Stanley said it was the first time th at ever we were guilty of these actions. I said, here is the gentlewoman of the shop, whose property the ribbons were; then they both begged of her.


                  John 
                  Wright 
               



            . My master, the last evidence, saw these two prisoners go into Mrs. Wiggett's shop; he bid me watch them, and I did; as I stood in our shop, I saw May put some ribbons into his pocket, as the box was before them, on the counter, at two or three separate times; I told my master, and then we went over. (The rest as the former witness.)


                  Samuel 
                  Clay 
               



            . I took the two prisoners in custody, and charged them with stealing these ribbons; they both begged we would be favourable to them; they no ways denied it.
May's Defence.
To prevent taking up the time of the Court, I plead guilty to the indictment.
Stanley's Defence.
I can say no otherwise than he has said.
For the Prisoner.


                  John 
                  Magenis 
               



            . I am a watchmaker, and have known May about eight years; I never heard a bad character of him before this; he workedin the watch way
.


                  George 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I live at Walworth, in Surry, and am a watch-movement-maker. May served his time with my son: he works in the steel-work part. I never knew but he was a very honest diligent man: he has worked for me.


                  Charles 
                  Thompson 
               



            . May served his time with me, and has been out of his time two years; I never knew any thing amiss of him, or heard any thing bad of him in my life. I have seen Stanley about Newington; he worked at tinkering, and sometimes goes with a barrow, grinding of knives
.
May, 


               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            



               T
            .
Stanley, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
