





308. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Catling 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a frail, value 2 d. and forty pounds weight of raisins, value 10 s.
             the property of persons unknown, April 18
. ++


                  John 
                  Long 
               



            . I am a merchant's watchman on the keys. I was at Bottolf wharf


 on the 18th of April, about one in the morning, where there were a large pile of frails of raisins, about three thousand of them. The prisoner came and took one of them and put it on the table; after that he took it up from the table and was going to go off with it. As I was going to take him, my coat buttons hit against a chair; he heard it, and threw the raisins on the table again. Then he stopped behind the crane room, and staid there some time. I having no body to assist me, I was afraid to take him by the water-side. There came a merchant's watchman out of an alehouse, then we went and took him upon the wharf, about five or six yards from the place where I first saw him.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know no more of it than of my dying day. After this they brought a man up, and the raisins. I believe the constable was bail for that man, and they let him go.
Long. When I came back from carrying the prisoner to the Compter, the frail of raisins was gone from the table, and it was found in a boat. A man, called Battersea Jack, was coming with his sculls, and I said, Is this your boat? He said it was. I said, How came that frail of raisins in your boat? He said he did not know. I went to call the constable and watchmen, then Battersea Jack had put the frail out of his boat into a luggage boat, and was going away. I said, You had better come back, or I shall send for you. He did. I took him also before a magistrate, but not bringing the person that saw him put the frail in his boat, he was discharged.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
