





585. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Johnson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bowrey 
                        




                      
                  , privately from the person of the said James
            , September 20
. +


                  James 
                  Bowrey 
               



            . I was on Westminster-Bridge


 the 20th of last month. Mr. Ferguson was with me. An acquaintance of mine met us, and took us to the Blue Boar's Head, King-street, Westminster. There was the prisoner, two serjeants, and two other soldiers. We joined company, and had four or five pots of bear. We came out, and went to go to a tavern over the bridge. I sat down on the bridge. Johnson came up, and stood before me. Ferguson was with me. Johnson snatched my watch out of my fob, and away he ran. I ran after him, but lost sight of him; Ferguson and I went after him, and found him at the Blue Boar's Head. He was taken to the Round-House: he denied being on Westminster-Bridge. I was sober.


                  Thomas 
                  Ferguson 
               



            . I saw the prisoner with the prosecutor on Westminster-Bridge, and saw him run away. The prosecutor ran after him, but he falling down, came back again, and said the prisoner had got his watch. I asked the prisoner, when he had denied taking the watch, why he ran. He said he ran to go to his serjeant.
Prisoner's Defence.
He said he had lost his watch on London-Bridge, when he was asleep, then he said Westminster-Bridge. I was taken up and acquitted of it. Then they came and took me up again.
Ferguson. After he was acquitted, the captain was to see him forth coming, if any thing appeared farther against him. After that the captain said he believed he was guilty, and he was taken up again.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
