





386. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harris 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Lucas 
                  




                
            , June 17
. ||



                  Benjamin 
                  Lucas 
               



            . I am a goldsmith
, and live in Gracechurch-Street. On the 17th of this instant the prisoner came into my shop about six in the evening, under pretence of buying a pair of silver buckle, and while I was weighing a pair, he was suspected by an evidence that is here of taking another pair. He was charged with them, and they were found upon him. I know they were in the drawer the day before.


                  Joseph 
                  Bridges 
               



            . On the 17th of June I was going by Mr. Lucas's shop, and I saw the prisoner in it. I had a mistrust he was going to steal something. I saw a pair of buckles in his hand. I thought he put them in his pocket. When he was gone out, I stepped into Mr. Lucas's shop, and asked him if he had lost a pair. I could not stay for an answer, because the prisoner had set upon a run. I followed him into Lime-Street, took hold of him, and desired him to come back. He asked me what I wanted, and made a kind of an attempt to strike me. I evaded it. He set up a run again, I followed, and called, Stop thief! He was stopped by Rood-Lane. I bringing him back, he made a shuffling at his pocket. I said he had got them about him. I looked and saw the buckles in his pocket. I took them out and put a mark upon one of them. Here it is. (The buckles produced and deposed to by prosecutor.) There were two other pair of buckles found upon him, which have been delivered to the right owners.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
He called 
               
                  Robert 
                  Routh 
               



            , 
               
                  Cornelius 
                  Darling 
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Swan 
               



            , who all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
