





374. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Farrel 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver tankard, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Rowland 
                  




                
            , May 29
. *


                  Joseph 
                  Rowland 
               



            . I keep the Black Lion alehouse in Covent-garden




; I have seen the prisoner in my house. On the 28th or 29th of May I lost a silver tankard, it was missing in the morning between one and two, before I went to bed; I went over to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's, and desired hand-bills to be dispersed about, and about eleven the next day, a gentleman here sent up to my house, to let me know he had stopped such a tankard; I went to his house at Charing-cross, and there saw it; I know the prisoner was in my house the evening before it was lost, he told me he expected somebody to come to supper with him.


                  Stephen 
                  Hardeside 
               



            . I am a silversmith, and live at Charing-cross; the prisoner came to my shop on the 29th of May, about nine in the morning, and asked what I would give anounce for this tankard; (produced and deposed to by prosecutor.) I weighed it, and marked upon it that I would give 5 s. an ounce; he told me he would go back to the gentleman that sent him, and ask him if he would sell it for that, and he would give me the preference; he went away, and the paper came; I was reading an advertisement about it being stolen; he came back at the time I was reading it; he said, the gentleman would let me have it at the price; I stopped it, and told him it was stolen from the Black Lion, Russel-street, Covent-garden; he seemed very cool, not affrighted, and said he would go back and tell the gentleman; he went, but never returned again; I sent to the prosecutor, to let him know I had got his tankard.
Prisoner's defence.
The person I had it of owed me two guineas; he desired me to sell it for him, and he would pay me; I brought it to Mr. Hardeside, and told him I had it to sell for another person.
He called Mr. Bath, with whom he had lived a year and a half, who deposed, he looked upon him at that time to be honest and sober.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
