





498. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Kirk 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               that she, on the 13th of May
, about the hour of two in the night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Watts 
                        



                      
                  , did break and enter, and stealing one cloth cardinal, value 15 s. a linen gown, value 3 s. three linen aprons, value 3 s. the property of 
                     
                        Anne 
                        Watts 
                     



                  , spinster; one linen gown, value 4 s. one linen apron, one pair of callimanco pumps, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Parkhurst 
                        



                      
                  , widow
, in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Watts 
                     



. *


                  Elizabeth 
                  Parkhurst 
               



            . I live with my father at his house at Hampton-court, called the Park-house


; the prisoner had lived servant
 in our house, but was gone away; my father is the Park-keeper; his usual hour to go to bed is about ten o'clock, he cannot go without help, being infirm; we imagine the prisoner got into the house at the time we were helping him to bed, because the door was not locked; this was the 12th of May.
Q. Was the door shut?
E. Parkhurst. I am very sure it was, we missed in the morning the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name;) I had a suspicion of the prisoner, we got a warrant, but she was not taken till the next time she came, which was I believe the 25th of July last at night; one of the doors that opens into the garden happened to be left open, and she was taken in the house; my sister, Anne Watts's gown and cloak were found upon her back; she would not tell what she had done with the other things, she only owned to the taking the cloak and gown.


                  John 
                  Bullin 
               



            . I am a constable, I was sent for to the house of Mr. Watts, the prisoner was then in custody, this was the 26th of July; I took her pocket off, and she had a gown and cardinal on, which the prosecutors owned; the prisoner owned she got into the house, and took them away; I examined her whether she had any companions, she said she had not.


                  Edmund 
                  Jane 
               



            . I am clerk to Sir 
               
                  Philip 
                  Musgrove 
               



            , here is the prisoner's confession taken before Sir Philip; I told her it would be read against her in court if she signed it, but she chose to sign it (it was read in court.)
The Contents.
"That she entered the house by listing up the
"latch of the door in the dusk of the evening,
"and continued there till three the next morning,
"and took away the things mentioned.




               Guilty of stealing the goods only
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against her.
