





96. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Welch 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing fifteen iron screen cases japaned, and a brass lb. weight
            , the 18th of Feb. 1762
, the property of 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Thawley 
               




             . ++


                  Nathaniel 
                  Thawley 
               



            . I live in the Poultry


, and keep a shop of ironmongery and hardware goods
; about seven o'clock in the evening of the 18th of February, the prisoner came to my shop and asked for a pound of honey (which I also sell); I put in a pound weight, and turning round to get some other weights, to balance the pot more exactly, when I turned round again there was no weight in the scale, and the man was making towards the door, which being shut I got to before he could get out, and seizing him by the collar of his great coat, told him he should not go till he had given me my weight; but he gave a spring to get away, and we both fell down together, and by his fall there fell out of his bosom sixteen iron spring cases, made for screens for the eyes; while we were struggling, a woman coming by took them up and carried them into my shop; a constable happening to come by at that juncture, I charged the constable with him, and he took him before Sir 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Blackiston 
               



            , Knt. who committed him.
Q. How do you know they are your cases?
Thawley. I had two dozen of them, and I sold three out of one dozen and five out of another: I am certain they dropt out of the prisoner's bosom in the struggle, and I know they were in the shop at the time he came in.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was at Gravesend that morning, and went to see for my captain; when I came to town I went to see two or three acquaintances and staid with them till near night, and passing by this gentleman's door he caught hold of me, sent for a constable, and I was committed to the compter.
Q. Am I to understand by your account, that you never was in the shop?
Prisoner. I never was; I asked the constable and the gentleman, the next day, what business they had with me.
Q. Have you any witnesses to call?
Prisoner. No.




               Guilty, 4 s. 10 d.
            





[Transportation. See summary.]


