






186, 187. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Blamire 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Parker 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing 68 lb. weight of beef, value 15 s. twelve lb. weight of pork, two lb. weight of suet, and one stock lock; the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Burdett 
                        




                      
                  , privately, in the shop of the said Thomas
            , January 22
. +

Thomas Burdett. I am a butcher
, and live in Spital-fields market


. Between Sunday night, the 22d of January, and Monday morning, my shop was broke open. I lost a great deal of meat. I had a search warrant, and found 76 lb. weight of beef in Parker's shop: I knew it to be my property by the cutting of it; I cut it out myself: And I found in his shop the stock lock of my shop door, which was forced off my door. (Produced and deposed to) There was found dropped in the street, two legs of pork, and some suet, my property.


                  Daniel 
                  Thomas 
               



            . I am an officer. On the 23d of Jan. in the morning, between one and two, a man came to the watch-house, and let me know some men were robbing a shop. I took some watchmen with me, and went to the prosecutor's shop; Blamire ran out of it; I struck him on the head with my staff; he fell on his knees, and said, he would go with us any where. Parker was taken by the watchmen coming out of the same shop. Blamire said, the first parcel of meat was carried to Parker's shop; where it was afterwards found, and the lock.


                  John 
                  Turner 
               



            . I was ordered by the fitting justices to go and search Parker's shop. I found 68 lb. of beef there, which the prosecutor swore to.
The prisoners said nothing in their defence.
Both 


               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            

See Blamire tried twice. No. 6, and No. 303, in last mayoralty; first for stealing a basket of butter, and the last for stealing two geldings.





[Transportation. See summary.]


