





131 (M.) 
               
                  Joseph, otherwise 
Thomas Smith



            , was indicted for 


               that he on the 11th of February
, about the hour of ten o'clock in the forenoon, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Grove 
                        




                      
                   did break and enter, no person being, and stealing three gold rings, value 4 s. one silk girdle, value 2 s. one silk handkerchief, value 4 d. one crape hatband, value 2 d. a pair of men's shoes, value 2 s. a pair of worsted hose, value 6 d. and one linen shirt, value 12 d. the property of the said Thomas, in his dwelling-house
            . ||


                  Thomas 
                  Grove 
               



            . I live at Hampstead


. Last Wednesday I went to London, about seven in the morning, and left my maid at home alone; I had a person came, and told me my house was broke open; I then came home directly; I found three chests and a chest of drawers broke open; I missed three gold rings, a girdle, a handkerchief, a new pair of shoes, a pair of worsted stockings and a shirt; I lost some money, but cannot swear to the quantity. The prisoner came begging in the hard weather, and I employed him, and he lay in the barn; I was going to clothe him, intending to make a good boy of him; here are the evidences that took him, can give an account of what things they found upon him.


                  Richard 
                  Cook 
               



            . I am a plumber, and live at Hampstead. On Wednesday last, I and my friend went in at the Black Lion at West-end, there we heard people talking of this robbery; the man of the house described the boy to us, which Mr. Grove had a suspicion of; they said the boy went up a bye lane; we went up to a barn in the lane to search, and in searching about, trod upon the boy's feet, he was covered in the hay; we found his cloaths answered to the description; we charged him with this robbery; he confessed he had done it, and said he was very sorry, and delivered these things to us in the barn, (producing three gold rings, a silk handkerchief, a crape hat-band, and silk girdle; deposed to by the prosecutor, as part of the goods he lost at that time;) we asked how he got in; he said, the maid was gone up into the town, and there were some tiles broke, and he took off a few more, and got in, and took the things; we took him before the justice, and he was committed.
Prisoner. I am 14 years of age next January.


                  William 
                  Doget 
               



            . I was along with Cook at the Black Lion, and hearing of this robbery, and the boy suspected described, we went up the lane where we was informed he went up; we went into a barn there, and found him under the hay; we charged him with robbing Mr. Grove; he said he had done it, and was very sorry for what he had done.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence. 


               Guilty of stealing the things, value 3 s. 6 d.
            

Acquitted of the Burglary. 


               T
            .
