






211. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Batty 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Turnbull 
                  




                
            , February 18
. ++


                  James 
                  Turnbull 
               



            . Last Monday was se'ennight, about half an hour past six at night, I went to see my brother in Lime-street; coming back again, at half an hour past seven, on this side Bow-church, in Cheapside


, a man came and tap'd me on the shoulder, and ask'd me if I had lost any thing; he said two men had catch'd at my pocket; presently the two men came by me again, and the man showed me them; he said he would watch them; they pass'd me again; he came and ask'd me again if I had lost any thing; I felt, and miss'd a silk handkerchief; he said, I think I saw a young fellow take it, and that he was gone on the other side of the way: he and I went over and took hold of the prisoner; he was searched, and my handkerchief was found upon him; it was taken out of his breast-pocket. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . I was going down Cheapside at this time; two fellows pass'd by me, which appeared to me to be pick-pockets. I followed, and saw them dipping at a gentleman's pocket: the prosecutor was coming up: I saw the prisoner at his pocket; I ask'd him if he had lost his handkerchief, and said two men had made an attempt to get it; I followed them again, and as they came to the prosecutor, I saw the prisoner put his hand into his pocket, and take something out, and put it into the lining of his own coat; then I came to the prosecutor again, and ask'd him the same question; he felt and miss'd his handkerchief; the prisoner and the other man went over the way. I went and laid hold of the prisoner at the bar; the other got away; I took the prisoner to Wood-street compter, and in searching him I pick'd out six handkerchiefs from his pockets; the pros ecutor's was one of them; the other man that was with him was 
               
                  James 
                  Wood 
               



            , who was cast yesterday here for stealing stockings.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was going along Cheapside; a man asked me if I would buy a handkerchief; I came over to the other side, to look at it by a lamp, and this man came and laid hold of me as soon as I had it in my hand.
To his Character.


                  James 
                  Stoaks 
               



            . I am a hard-wood turner, and live in Fleet-lane. I have known the prisoner between six and seven years; I had him as a servant; I believe him to be as honest as the day.


                  William 
                  Warden 
               



            . I am a glass cutter, and live in Mutton-lane; I have known the prisoner between four and five years; I never heard of a blemish in his character in my life.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Carter 
               



            . I live in Clerkenwell; I have known the prisoner between eight and nine years; he is a very honest sober lad.


                  James 
                  Eadey 
               



            . I have known him about four or five years.
Q. What is his general Character?
Eadey. His character is universally respected.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Whitwood 
               



            . I have known him from his birth; I never knew any thing amiss of him before this.


                  Ann 
                  Hosland 
               



            . I have known him twelve months; he was my servant; and has carried out goods for me; I never knew any thing amiss by him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
