







82, 83, 84. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dollymore 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing 54 iron hoops for pails, value 8 s. six dozen pair of iron ears for pails, value 5 s. one iron truss-hoop, one iron riveting tool, value 6 d. and one tew-iron
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Allcock 
                  



                
            ; and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Linney 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving 54 iron hoops for pails, one truss-hoop, and one riveting tool, part of the said goods
            ; and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smout 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving two dozen pair of iron ears for pails, and one tew-iron, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , Aug. 13


. +


                  John 
                  Allcock 
               



            . I live in Goswell-street, Clerkenwell




; I am in the smith way, a pail-hoop-maker
; some time about Bartholomew-tide I missed a tew-iron from out of my shop.
Q. What is that?
Allcock. It is what is fixed in the brick-work, that the blast of the bellows goes through into the fire; I lost also 36 pail-hoops at one time, about the 6th of March, they were finished; I had them over night, and they were gone in the morning; I lost a great many more than I put in the indictment; I have laid it for 54 of them; I lost numbers of pail-ears at several times, at least six dozen pair, they I lost about March last; I lost an iron riveting tool, and a trassel gage, I cannot mention the exact times. The prisoner Dollymore is my apprentice; I was first informed of him by an indifferent person, and when I taxed him with it he owned it all; he owned he had taken several ears of pails and pail-hoops, and things from me; that he delivered the tool gage to Linney, and hoops and ears. I searched at Linney's, I found none of them upon him, they are things soon disposed of; I found there a sledge-hammer, my property, but that is not put in the indictment. When Dollymore was examined before Justice Girdler, he owned to all I have said here, as to him; Linney said, I do not think that is a proper person to be an evidence, for he has not told you half, expecting to have been made an evidence; he said he had the goods that the lad had charged upon him, but he had not told half of them that he had taken from me; this I heard; the Justice said, Mr. Linney, you hear what the lad has said, have you any thing to say; Linney said, no, I own I had the goods. The three prisoners, every one, owned to the charge against them; Smout said there, there was a tew iron brought to his house, and he had some pail-ears; Linney said, they had sold the goods, and they were gone, they neither of them said a word in contradiction; they both said they had nothing to say for themselves; Linney said, coming out of the Justice's, if I go for 14 years, you will be dead and d - d before I come back again, and I shall be better than you.


                  John 
                  Roberts 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Allcock; I was with the prisoners before the Justice; all the things that my master mentioned that Dollymore had stole from him, Dollymore owned he had taken and carried them to the other prisoners, Linney and Smout; and when the Justice asked them whether they did receive them, they said, yes; then the Justice said, upon your own confession I must commit you. I heard Linney say to the apprentice, you have not told half; the Justice asked them; if they had any thing to say in their defence; they said, no; they had received what the apprentice had mentioned: the apprentice had mentioned things which he had taken and carried to each of them; I saw the truss-hoop gage in Linney's smiths-shop, about May last, he did keep a shop in the Bowling-alley in Turnmill-street, I have worked with it many a time; I told my master of it a day or two after, but he is an easy man, he said he should not trouble himself about it.
Prosecutor. Roberts did tell me of it, and would have had me gone for it.


                  John 
                  Green 
               



            . I was by, and heard the three prisoners confess before the Justice; Dollymore confessed to his taking his master's goods, a great quantity of pail-hoops and pail-ears, and that Linney and Smout used to entice him to take and bring them; the Justice asked Linney if he had the goods; Linney said he had part of them; the Justice said to him, you are a fine man indeed, you will transport yourself; Smout, upon being asked, said the same.
Dollymore's defence.
I never neddled with any of my master's goods.

Linney's defence.
I never received any.
Smout's defence.
I never saw nor bought none; I believe the lad is as honest a lad as any in England.
Linney and Smout called 
               
                  Anne 
                  Copley 
               



            , 
               
                  Henry 
                  Caster 
               



            , and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Gray 
               



            , who said they looked upon them to be honest men.
Dollymore 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Linney and Smout 

               Guilty
            . 



               T. 14
            .
