






124, 125. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Langham 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing a flannel waistcoat, value 2 s. two pair of yarn stockings, value 1 s. one cloth jacket, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Susanna 
                     Johnson 
                  



                
            , widow
; and 
               
                  Mary, the wife
 of 
                     
                        William 
                        Young 
                     







            , for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , December 11

. ++
John Todd. I live with Susannah Johnson; she is a slop-seller
, and lives in Little-East-Cheap: on the tenth of December we had two bundles of bedding carried to the house of 
               
                  John 
                  Garret 
               



            , at the Green-Man and Bell, Darkhouse-lane, by our porter, to be shipped for the East India Company's service; we have since been informed, before the porter returned with other bundles, the two bundles were stolen away. On the same evening, of the day we miss'd them, a slop-seller, that lives at the corner of St. Mary hill, came and told us: we did not miss them till, I think, it was the 23rd of December, when we had word from Gravesend there were two parcels deficient: the gentleman told us, he had seen our hedding at Mr. Godsby's, Church-lane, Whitechapel.
Q. Were all the things, mentioned in the indictment, in them two bundles?
Todd. They were: on the Monday morning I went to the house of Mr. Godsby; there I found the bedding; it had been opened, and part of the things taken out: I found there two beds, two pillows, two coverlids, and two hammocks. The man at the bar was taken up either the Saturday or Sunday before: I went to him in custody; he had a flannel waistcoat, a check skirt, and a pair of canvas trowsers on, part of the things that were in the parcels for the East India soldiers: he first of all said he bought them in Rosemary-lane; afterwards he said they were taken out of the bundles that were at 
               
                  John 
                  Garret 
               



            's, and that one Timothy Murphy stole the bedding, in Dark-house-lane, and that he met him on Tower-hill, and took them to Mr. Godsby's; they had lodgings there. He also confessed, one Wilkins, and two women, were concerned in taking them; and that the woman at the bar took some of them from Godsby's, and went to sell them in Rosemary-lane. When she was taken up, and before the justice, she denied it at first; but at last, she confessed she had sold a jacket to Mr. Brockholt, in Rosemary-lane; and a flannel waistcoat, and two pair of yarn stockings, to Mrs. Dennison, in the Lane. I got a search warrant, and she went with us there, where we found them.


                  Jane 
                  Dennison 
               



            . I bought two pair of yarn stockings, and a flannel waistcoat, of the woman at the bar: I have sold the stockings; the gentleman came and had the waistcoat of me. (Produced and deposed to, as the property of Mrs. Johnson).


                  Henry 
                  Brockholt 
               



            . I bought a jacket of two women; I cannot say the woman at the bar was one of them; but she came again, and said she sold it to me. I delivered it to Mr. Todd.
Court. You are greatly to blame: you should take care never to buy new things of people you don't know; it is such as you that give encouragement to such sort of people: you may think yourself well off, that you do not stand in the prisoner's place.
Langham's Defence.
I met Murphy with these two bundles on his back; he asked me to carry them, which I did, half way up Rosemary-lane: then he took and carried them to Godsby's cellar; then we went and had a pint of beer together: the next morning, I went again to the cellar, when the things were all cut open, and some things gone out of the bundle; I do not know where they were stolen from. After that, I was taken upon Saltpetre-bank, and committed to prison: I could not find my own things, and there were these, so I took them instead of my own: they are not half the value of mine.
Young's Defence.
This young man wanted me to sell two or three of these things; I did not sell them; it was an acquaintance of his that sold them. When they took me up, I told them where the things were, as I went along with her; but she carried them, and I never took a halfpenny of the money.
Langham, 

               Guilty
            , 


               T
            .
Young, 

               Acquitted
            .
She was detained, to be tried on another indictment, at Hick's-hall.
