





272. (L) 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Perrin 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Roghahn 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , July 9
. ++


                  John 
                  Roghahn 
               



            . I am a jeweller
, the prisoner picked me up at the corner of Water-lane, Fleet-street, and carried me to one Dugens's house in Ashentree-court, White-stairs


. I lost 45 s. in that house. I was there with her about half an hour, and when I went away I missed my money. Nobody was in the room with me but the servant of the house; she came up-stairs to me. We did not go to-bed; but I being in liquor, she, by talking with me, picked my pocket.
Q. Was you in the bed with her?
Roghahn. No, I was not; I sat on the bed with her about half an hour; I drank only what they call a pint of wine.
Q. Had you been drinking before?
Roghahn. I had been at the Three Herrings by Temple-bar then; when I paid my reckoning, I saw my money.
Q. Was you drunk or sober when you was with the prisoner?
Roghahn. I think I could not be more fuddled than what I was. I did not miss my money 'till almost an hour after. I found the house after that, and complained to Dugens. He told me where the prisoner was. I went and charged the constable with her; she denied ever seeing me. She was searched, and a king Charles's guinea, three shillings, and three penny-worth of halfpence, were found upon her. That guinea I know to be mine, and what I lost that night. [ Produced in court.] There is a lump on the back part of it. [The jury inspect it, and find it as described. It was a fault in the die, and a small rising of gold was, as he had described, plain to be seen.
Mr. Knapton, the constable, deposed to the searching the prisoner, and the prosecutor's saying, before he searched her, he lost two king Charles's guineas, and that he could swear to one of them.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was in bed, and never saw the prosecutor 'till next morning about eleven o'clock; then a woman came up, and the prosecutor, who said, I must get up, and go along with them. I deal in old cloaths, and we borrow of one another. This money I borrowed.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


