





202 (L) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bell 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pint silver mug, value 3 l. 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Millar 
                  




                
            , May 9
. ++


                  John 
                  Millar 
               



            . I keep the Blue Boar in Whitechapel




. On the 9th of May, the prisoner came into my house, and had some rum and water; then he had some beer in a pint silver mug; he was in the room by himself some time, and stay'd about half an hour, and went away, and did not pay for his liquor. I went to the gate-way to him, and told him, he had not paid for his liquor; he said, he had left a shilling upon the table, and he went away. I had occassion for that mug, but it was missing. I am sure no body was in that room but t he prisoner, till he was gone. I took him in a house in Moorfields; he said he knew nothing of it.


                  Thomas 
                  Harding 
               



            . I keep a goldsmith's shop in the Minories. On the 9th of May, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner at the bar came into my shop with a silver pint mug. He was somewhat confused, and said, it was not to sell, but to be valued, and that he was going to buy it. There was marked at the bottom, 12 oz. 12 pwts. and the letter M on the handle; it answered to the weight, and I asked for the book to tell him what it was worth, but he took the mug, and went away directly. I called him, but I saw no more of it. Soon after, I was told the prosecutor had lost such a mug; I described the prisoner, and he was taken that evening.
Q. to Millar. Did you ever get your mug again?
Millar. No, I never did. Mr. Harding describ'd the mug just as it is. The prisoner left my house within ten minutes of three o'clock, and Mr. Harding's house is not a quarter of a mile from mine.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of the thing laid to my charge. I never was in any such place as this before, and therefore not able to plead for myself.
He called 
               
                  John 
                  Paterson 
               



            , who had known him three years; and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Ingram 
               



            , five years, who gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


