





58. (M.) 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Bannister 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of leather shoes, value 18 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Deacon 
                  




                
            , Dec. 12
. +


                  George 
                  Deacon 
               



            . On the thirteenth or fourteenth of last December, I lost a pair of shoes.
Q. What are you?
Deacon. I am a shoe-mender
.
Q. Were they new shoes, or old ones?
Deacon. They were old ones.
Q. What's the value of them?
Deacon. I believe eighteen-pence is the full value of them.
Q. Where were they taken from?
Deacon. They were taken from the cellar-head; the person that took them, I imagine, stood in the street.
Q. Did you see them taken?
Deacon. No; but I found them on the prisoner.
Q. When?
Deacon. between eight and nine o'clock: the night they were taken. As soon as I laid hold of him, he delivered them to me.
Q. Were there any body else with him?
Deacon. No; not as I saw.
Q. What did he say for himself?
Deacon. He said he was necessitated for a pair of shoes; and hoped I would not be angry; and he would never do the like again; and came back with me very readily. I took him before the justice. I wished I had not, for I have inquired since, and found he was never guilty of such a thing before.


                  Mary 
                  Frankston 
               



            . I live just by the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner reach his hand into the cellar-head, and take the shoes out. Then I stepped to the cellar-head, and called the prosecutor out, and he ran after him.
Prisoner's defence.
I was coming along St. Giles's, and kicked the shoes before me, and took them up and put them under my arm.

Prosecutor. I cannot swear he took them from my shop.
Q Do you think they might not fall from the cellar-head into the street?
Prosecutor. They could not readily fall so.
For the prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Baunister 
               



            . The prisoner is my son-in-law. Mr. Deacon has charged 12 s. for the shoes, and has had it.
Q. To Deacon. Have you compounded this affair?
Deacon. I had not any money of them; they brought such a thing and laid it down, and there they might leave it for what I know. I did not take it, nor meddle with it.
M. Bannister. He had five shillings besides that; they had 17 s. in all, in order that my son should not be prosecuted. The 12 s. was left on his chest, in his own house; and I myself gave him the five shillings.
Q What did you give it him for?
M. Bannister. In order, as he said, to fling out the bill; he proposed to throw the bill out.
Q. Which had he first?
M. Bannister. He had the five shillings last.
Deacon. I will tell the whole truth as it is. In the first place, I lost, to the best of my knowledge, six pair of shoes. Since she has proceeded so cross, I will lay the thing open. I did not see the shoes taken, but my neighbour said he took them at three several times. When I went after him, I found but one pair upon him. When I took him before the justice, he owned to the taking of 5 pair. After he was committed, his friends came and said. I had been a very great sufferer by him; and they desired I would not be hard against him to hang him. They said they would make me recompence, for my loss. I said I will not take any recompence, I do not want to hang or transport him. Said they, you shall have satisfaction. I said, I did not desire any. This woman brought a man and woman, in order to bring me to comply. At that time, I would not take anything. She came again, and they brought me twelve shillings, and wanted to give it to me into my hand. Because my shoes were of more value, I would not take it; I nor my wife did not take it. They say they left it behind them; I cannot say they did leave any. When I came to Hicks's-Hall, to find the bill, they begged I would lay it easy, and they would make me amends, to help defray my expences. They sent a strange woman with five shillings, and that I did take of this strange woman. But as for any more, I did not; and that I did not insist upon; only as the woman said, I had lost so much, she would make me recompence, and I did not think any harm in it. If I had imagined any harm in it, I would not have done it.
Q. What became of the twelve shillings?
Deacon. I cannot tell whether they took it away or not, I cannot say.
Q. Did you see it?
Deacon. I saw it in their hands, and they tempted me with it several times.


                  Eleanor 
                  Gladman 
               



            . Mrs. Bannister came to me, and desired me to go to this man's house, to see what he intended to do with her child. The man spoke very civilly, and said, he had lost so many pair of shoes, but could not tell who took them; and that he was a poor working man, and it was a great loss to him; that there were six pair of them, but he could lay no more than five pair to the prisoner: he told me 8 s. was the value of them. Then Mrs. Bannister came to me again. I said the man demanded 12 s. for them. Then she and I went to the prosecutor; she gave me 12 s. in my hand, and I offered it to him: he bid me lay it down upon the end of the chest: a man came in, and they were bargaining about some leather. I said to his wife, by his order, do you mind that money, don't let it be lost.
Q. Why did you lay it down there?
E. Gladman. Because he said he would not take it in his hand.
Q. Did he say he would not have any thing to do with it?
E. Gladman. No, he did not; he said he was willing to be paid for the things he had lost; and as he told us he had found one pair upon him, and he owned to the taking five more, I did give him five shillings in Hicks's-hall. He said he would throw the bill out for a small trifle. We asked him how much? He said five shillings. He said he had an acquaintance in Hicks's-hall, that he believed would do it, and he took the five shillings out of my hand.
Deacon. I never said no such thing.


                  Ann 
                  Hickman 
               



             I have known the prisoner a great many years.
Q. What has been his behaviour?
A. Hickman. I never knew him do a bad thing in my life: he and I were bred children together.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Sparks 
               



            . I have known him ever since he was five or six years of age, he is a very honest lad, and his father and mother very honest people.



               Guilty
            .
The prosecutor paid the money back again, and by much humbling himself, narrowly escaped Newgate.




[Transportation. See summary.]


