





331. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Williams 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden drawer, value one penny, and 12 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Williams 
                  




                
            , widow
, April 17
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Williams 
               



            . I keep a cheesemonger's shop
 in White-cross-street


. On the 17th of April, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, my daughter was below, and she called out, seeing the prisoner in the shop. I ran out and called, Stop thief! Upon which the prisoner was brought back in about five or six minutes. I know there were above twelve shillings in the till when taken away.
Q. Is the prisoner any relation of yours?
M. Williams. No; he is not.


                  Ann 
                  Williams 
               



            . I am daughter to the prosecutrix. I was in the shop when two men came in; one reached over the counter, and took out the till, and then both ran away. I called to my mother. After that the prisoner was taken, and the till brought back, with about twelve shillings in money.


                  John 
                  Smith 
               



            . The woman calling Stop thief! I ran after the prisoner, seeing him run, and took him with the till under his arm. There was money in it; he let it fall; and a gentleman picked up the money, which was brought back.
The constable produced nine shillings in halfpence and farthings, and upwards, and three shillings in silver, which was delivered to him by the person that picked it up.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming from a camblet-maker's. I put my foot against this till as I was turning down an alley; I took it up; I did not run, but walked away, and the man came and took hold of me. I never was in the shop in my life.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
