





306. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Doyle 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a mahogany tea-chest, value 3 s. one tea-cannister, and a quarter of a pound of tea, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Houghton 
                  




                
            , May 7
. *
Mrs. Houghton. I am wife to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Houghton 
               



            , we live in Foster-lane


; I lost a tea-chest, with a single cannister full of green tea in it, from out of our parlour, on the seventh of May, between eleven and twelve at noon. I have a shop at the 'Change, and my apprentice came and told me of it; after that, it was advertised in the Saturday's paper, and a gentleman came and informed me about it; he had before heard we had lost it; I sent our boy to the constable's house where it was to be seen. The constable came to me on the Sunday morning; I told him if it was mine, it had a single cannister in it, and described it.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Mrs. Houghton. I have seen him before, but I know nothing of him.


                  Daniel 
                  Waldron 
               



            . I live in Basinghall-street. On the 7th of May, about twelve o'clock in the day, I found the prisoner in my parlour, he had this tea-chest in his hand; I asked him what business he had there; he said he was an apprentice to a cabinet-maker, and he brought it for one Mrs. Walters, and that he came from one Mr. Walters in Foster-lane; he told me a great number of lies, the street-door being open, I stopped him, and sent a person to Foster-lane, to know if there was any such person, but found there was not. He was taken before the sitting Alderman; there he said it belonged to one Mrs. Swift; there was one of that name sent for, but she said she knew nothing of the chest or him either; we advertised the chest on the Saturday, and Mrs. Houghton came and owned it on the Monday; (produced and deposed to.)
Prisoner's defence.
I went up to a young fellow that was in the hospital, he asked me to drink; we drank about five or six pints; coming home to my father's in Coleman-street, when I got into Lothbury, a man met me, and asked whether I knew Basinghall-street; I said, that is it before me; we went into a place by Guildhall; said he, my lad, I should be glad if you will take this tea-chest till I go to enquire for the people I am to carry it to, that is one Mrs. Walters, but I do not know the house; I went into Basinghall-street, and asked several people if they knew Mrs. Walters; I went into that gentleman's house, and asked for Mrs. Walters; the man said, no such person lives here, what business have you in the entry; I said, I did not come for any harm, I want to find Mrs. Walters, because a gentleman left this chest in my care.
Waldron. He had been up to my bureau, I could see the marks of his feet.
Prisoner. That was made by a dog belonging to one Mr. Wicks; I did live in Lothbury; I did live at the City Arms, and Mansion-house alehouses; my father-in-law is a sailor, and my mother is a cook.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
