





430. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Platton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one hat, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gibbs 
                  




                
            , August 1
. ++


                  William 
                  Gibbs 
               



            . On the 1st of August, about eleven at night, I was coming through Catherine-wheel-alley. Whitechapel


; a woman came by me, and snatch'd my hat off my head; I ran a little way after her, and was thrown down; I got up again, and ran a little further, and was thrown down again, and two young fellows kept me down, and then got up and ran away, and I after them, but soon lost sight of them: I call'd, Watch! at the end of the alley: none came: I went to the watch-house, and complain'd to the constable of the watch not coming: a man said, if I would come on the morrow-night, he would go with me to the Thistle and Crown, where bad people resorted: we went accordingly; the landlord said, there were such people had been there, but they were gone. We went out, and saw some young chaps standing; I went and looked at them, and went back, and said, I believed one of them to be one of the persons that stopt me; I went for an officer, and he was gone before I returned; then I went to the Catherine-wheel, and in the skittle-ground I took the other, not the prisoner. I said, If I could have my hat again, I did not care to prosecute: then he took me to the woman that took my hat off my head, as he said: she would not own any thing of it; I took her before the Justice, but could not swear to her; she was discharged: as to the young man, the Justice said it was but an assault, and we might go and make it up: we went to a public house; he had nothing to give me, and I forgave him; this was on the Friday, and on the Tuesday se'ennight after, the constable came and desired me to come to his house; I went; he said I must come on the morrow about twelve; he had got the other person concerned, and asked me whether I would have my hat again: I went; there was the prisoner; he was going to make a confession: he said 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Wright 
               



             took the hat from off my head, and he was the person that threw me down; he wanted to make himself an evidence, but the justice would not admit him: he said the hat was pawned to Mr. Ellis in Abel's Buildings; it was produced, and I swore to it.


                  Thomas 
                  Ellis 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker: on the 2d of August, a young man that call'd himself 
               
                  Harry 
                  Platton 
               



            , brought this hat and handkerchief, (producing them) and pledged them with me for six shillings; I believe the prisoner to be the person.
Prosecutor. This hat is my property, which was taken off my head that night.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never saw the prosecutor in my life before he came to me: I never was in Mr. Ellis's shop in my life; it is all false they say against me.
He call'd Mrs. Bishop, a midwife; 
               
                  Richard 
                  Bishop 
               



            , her husband; who liv'd in Catherine-wheel-alley; 
               
                  Robert 
                  Powell 
               



            , a bookbinder, in Shoe Lane; and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Dutton 
               



            , gunsmith in the Minories, his master, to whom he was apprentice, to his character, who spoke well of him till this fact.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
