





340. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harris 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 40 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor 
                  




                
            , May 18
. +


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I live in Park-place by St. James's-street, and am servant
 to 
               
                  Philip 
                  Holman 
               



            , Esq; On the 18th of May I was in the city with some relations, and had drank a little more than I should do. About ten at night, going home, in Cockspur-street


 I fell down, where they were paving, among the stones: the prisoner helped me up; I never saw him before, and as he held me by my left arm, he with his left hand took my watch out of my pocket. I felt him take it out, and charged him directly with it; he said he had it not: then some people came about, and said they would carry him to a Justice of the Peace. Going along, there came a chair and knocked me down: I lost hold of the prisoner, and he ran away: a young man, named Harrington, ran and took him again: we carried him to St. Martin's round-house: he was searched, but no watch found.
Q. Are you certain you felt the prisoner take it?
Taylor. I am very certain of that; there was another man on my other side; but he quitted his hold as soon as I was up, before the prisoner took it.
Q. Should you know that man again?
Taylor. No, I should not.


                  Samuel 
                  Harrington 
               



            . On Friday evening, the 18th of May, I saw the prosecutor standing at the corner of Pall-mall, and a great many people round him. I heard him say several times, the prisoner had robbed him of his watch: this was as the watch were going ten. The people were advising him to take the prisoner before a magistrate; he seemed to be a little in liquor, but seemed to speak very reasonably and sensibly. He said he had fell down, and two men helped him up, and that the prisoner had picked his pocket of a watch. The prisoner took the wall of a chair, which knocked the prosecutor down; the prisoner ran away, and I ran after him. In running about 20 yards towards the Golden Cross, he fell down, and I laid hold of him, and brought him to the prosecutor: he was taken to St. Martin's round-house, and the next morning before a magistrate. The prosecutor was at all times in the same story.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming from Brentford fair, and going to Joyner's-street, to my lodging, at my father-in-law's. Just at the corner of Pall-mall I saw the gentleman fall down upon the paving stones: another man was on his right side, and I on his left; he charged me with picking his pocket; the other man ran away; I know no more of it than the child unborn.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
