






370, 371. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Trippet 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Fannen 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 4 l. a silver seal, value 1 s. a steel chain, value 1 s. a watch-key, value 2 d. a pair of silver shoe-buckles, value 8 s. one silver knee-buckle, value 1 s. and one Moco sleeve button set in silver, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Jones 
                        




                      
                  , clerk
, privately from his person
            , June 14
. +


                  Edward 
                  Jones 
               



            . On Wednesday the 13th of this month I was out late, and finding myself locked out, I went, between one and two o'clock on the 14th in the morning, to a bench on Westminster-bridge


, with a view to sleep; where I was awaked about four, and found myself robbed of a silver watch, my silver buckles out of my shoes, one knee buckle, and a sleeve button.


                  Henry 
                  Wright 
               



            . I am turnkey at Tothill-fields Bridewell. On the 14th of June the prisoner Fannen came to our door, and asked me for 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Matthewson 
               



            , a young man that was there for picking pockets. I told him to go to a ward No. I. and when he was unlocked, he should see him. After he had seen him, he went out at the gate, and returned again in about five minutes; at the same time I observed the other prisoner about an hundred yards from the gate. After Fannen came out from Matthewson again, he and Trippet went away together. I said to Matthewson, What did he want with you? he said, Nothing. I said, I thought by Trippet's shoes (they were all over country dirt) that he had been thieving. He said, Fannen had got a watch, and Trippet was waiting for him. I called a boy and a man to assist me, and we went in pursuit. I saw them in St. Jame's Park upon the grass, about fifty yards a-head of us, looking at something. We apprehended them. I found a silver watch, a chain, and a seal, in Fannen's coat pocket. Carrying them to Bridewell, Trippet's pocket hit against a young fellow's leg. He said, There is something in it. We searched him, and found a pair of silver shoe buckles in his left hand coat pocket. When we got them in, we searched both their pockets; and in Trippet's pocket we found one silver knee buckle and a sleeve button. I examined the watch, and found it was made by Job Trip, King-street, Westminster. I applied to him, and there I found the prosecutor lived opposite to him, and that he had not been at home all that night. I found by Mr. Trip that the watch belonged to Mr. Jones.
Fannen to Prosecutor. You said before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             you lost five guineas.
Prosecutor. I did say so. But I do not know whether I lost them there or not; but in regard to the watch, I looked at it before I went to sleep, and I know I had my buckles on. (The things produced in court.) I was not possessed of the watch and seal above three or four days. The shoe buckles are mine; I have had them some time; and here is a small key that hangs to the watch chain, which fits a little lock that I have at home, I believe that to be mine. The letters on the seal are E. J It was made on purpose for me. I bought it of Mr. Trip.
Trippet's Defence.
I am a waiter at Vauxhall at this time. I pressed this young fellow ( meaning his fellow prisoner) to come and see me. He came on the Tuesday night, about nine. We went to the tap-house, and had a pint of beer together: then I said I could not stay any longer. I went into the gardens immediately. He asked what time I should come out again. I said it would be late, I believed about one or two. I came out about two, when there were two ladies asked me whether I could get a coach. There was never a one. I told them I believed there was a boat. They said they did not chuse to go by water. They asked me which way I was going. I said I lodged in Lambeth. I told them I would oblige them in seeing them over the Bridge, if agreeable, and that there was a young man waiting for me in the taphouse, so that we four went together as far as Charing-Cross: there a coach was going by, and the ladies hired it, got in, and ordered the coachman to drive to the New Buildings near the Middlesex Hospital. They gave me a shilling. Then Fannen and I went up the Haymarket, and had some beer and victuals, and staid some time; then we walked towards the Bridge. I think it was by the third or fourth bench that Fannen saw that watch lying on the ground, and the buckles within half a yard of it, and an odd knee-buckle, and a sleeve button. I went then towards my lodging, but could not get in, and we walked about to pass the time away. We went about two or three miles, and came back towards Vauxhall again. Fannen said to me, You may as well take a walk along with me over the Bridge again. I went with him. He said there was a fellow-apprentice of his in Tothill-fields Bridewell, and being so near, he would call and see him. He went in, but I stopped about an hundred yards from the gate: when he came out we went away together.
Fannen's defence to the same purport.
Trippet called 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Paxton 
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Morris 
               



            , who said they knew no harm of him.
Fannen called 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Pidgeon 
               



            , printer, to whom he was an apprentice, and 
               
                  John 
                  Bell 
               



            , who gave him a good character.
Both 


               guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 



               T
            .
