





80. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Kennedy 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silk-handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Moncrieff 
                  




                
            , November 13
. ++


                  Alexander 
                  Moncrieff 
               



            . About six in the evening, on the 13th of December, between Freeman's-court, in Swithin's-alley


, and the 'Change, coming along Cornhill


, I felt a hand at my pocket; I turned suddenly, and catched hold of the prisoner's collar, and said, you have picked my pocket: I saw him throw away the handkerchief behind him; he struggled, I threw him down in the street; I looked in an entry, and took up my handkerchief; then I told him; he should go before a magistrate, he begged to be let go; I led him towards the corner of the 'Change, then he stood very still; the mob gathered round; all on a sudden he gave a jirk, upon which I endeavoured to catch hold of him; I missed my hold, he got out of the mob. I called, Stop thief, as he was running over to 'Change-alley: I made a stroke at him, I believe I did not hit him; he fell down at the passage going into 'Change-alley, two gentlemen came up, and laid hold of him; we brought him to the Mansion-house; we were told to carry him to the Counter, which we did; I left my handkerchief with the keeper till next morning, when he was carried before Mr. Alderman Cockayne, who committed him.
Q. When had you seen your handkerchief last?
Moncrieff. I came out of Aldgateward Coffee-house, and I had it when I was going to the New York Coffee house.
Prisoner's Defence.
I had been in London but two months before this happened; I was ready to faint away when he charged me with it; I know no more of it than your Lordship does; I have a good recommendation from my Lord Mayor of Dublin, and I believe a letter will come from Dublin, from some very good gentleman, on my account.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
