





336. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Adams 
                  , otherwise 
Haydon




            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of linen sheets, value 3 s. 6 d. and a flat iron, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Cosser 
                        




                      
                  , in a certain lodging-room lett by contract
            , &c. May 28
. +


                  Anne 
                  Cosser 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  George 
                  Cosser 
               



            , we live in Great Earl-street, Seven-dials


. On the 26th of May last, I lett a ready-furnished lodging for half a crown a week, it was a back garret; the things mentioned in the indictment were part of the furniture; she took the lodging on the Tuesday, and went away on the Wednesday se'nnight following; I missed the things mentioned two days after; I never saw none of her money; I never saw her after till I took her up; I found my flat iron and sheets again.



                  Mary 
                  Jones 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Lee, a pawnbroker, in Queen-street, Seven-dials; the prisoner pledged a sheet to me the 29th of May for 1 s.


                  Edward 
                  Harman 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Gibson, a pawnbroker in King-street. The prisoner pledged a sheet and flat iron with me; (all produced in court.)
The prosecutrix deposed to the sheet produced by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jones 
               



            , and flat iron; the other she believed to be her property, but did not swear to it.
The prisoner said nothing in her defence.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
