





66. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Beaucline 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing one linen handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Beauge 
                  




                
            , December 17
 ||


                  William 
                  Beauge 
               



            . On the 17th of December, I was at Guildhall


, seeing the lottery drawing, when I felt something at my pocket, and turning round, saw the woman at the bar with my handkerchief in her hand, going to put it into her apron. I laid hold of the handkerchief, she had hold of one end, and I the other; then she went to go down the back way, to Basinghall-street; she let go the handkerchief and ran, and a person that is here ran after her and catched her.
Jencup Janaway. I was at Guildhall at the close of the lottery, being concerned in two or three tickets, and the prosecutor was standing by me; suddenly he turned about and catched hold of one end of a handkerchief, and the prisoner at the bar had hold of the other; the prisoner got down the steps going into Basinghall-street, and was pulling the handkerchief at the bottom of the steps, and he above. I said to him, why do not you lay hold of her? then she flung off her cloak, and ran away. I and others pursued and took her, and I took particular notice of the handkerchief, putting a mark upon it with ink before the alderman ( the handkerchief produced, and he looks at it.) This is the same, here is my mark.
Q. to prosecutor. Is this your handkerchief?
Prosecutor. It is the same that I saw in the prisoner's hand, and it is my property.
Prisoner's Defence.
The gentleman's handkerchief was hanging out of his pocket, but I never handled or touched it; I did not know what they were going to do with me, and so I went to run away; what they say is false, for I never saw it more than I see it now. I have no friend but my mother, a very old woman, who sells fish, and has done so these forty years.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


