






208. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Ward 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three table cloths, value 5 s.
             the property of our sovereign lord 
               
the King



            , January 14

. +


                  Henry 
                  Leicester 
               



            . I live in Chelsea Hospital



, and have the care of the King's linen there. We lost three table cloths, No. 4. No. 12. No. 16. they were taken out of the ground belonging to his Majesty as they were hanging out to dry, between the 13th and 14th of January; and being very frosty weather, we could not take them in without damaging of them.
Q. Whose property were they?
Leicester. They were the property of the King. - Shepherd. I live in Buckle-street. On the 14th of January I think the prisoner came to the Half-Moon and Punch Bowl in Buckle-street, Whitechapel, between eight and nine in the morning; the man's name that keeps the house is Brebrook; he said, Young man, how came you by these things? The prisoner had these three table cloths. (Produced in court.)

Leicester. These are the property of the King, and the same we lost.
Shepherd. The prisoner said, he brought them from Mrs. Grigg's at Chelsea to his aunt in Argyle Buildings to be washed. We went with him to see it it was so. The aunt said she did not wash for any body at Chelsea. Then we took him to Justice Spinnage, and he was committed. The linen was marked with a crown.


                  Susannah 
                  Gregg 
               



            . I never employed the prisoner to carry any linen to town. He lodged with me two years, and robbed me when he went away.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
He was a second time indicted for 


               stealing a looking glass and a linen sheet
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Susanna 
                     Gregg 
                  



                
            , Jan. 13

. +



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
