





158. (M.) 
               
                  Isabella 
                  Daffey 
               



            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing 12 yards of serge-dusoy silk, value 50 s. 12 yards of ducape silk, value 3 l. 10 s 7 yards of callimanco, value 15 s. 3 yards of black armozeen silk, value 24 s. the property of 
                     
                        Archdale 
                        Rooke 
                     




                   , privately, in the shop of the said Archdale
            , May 19, 1760. 
*
Archdale Rooke. I live behind St. Clement's church in the Strand


.
Q. What is your business?
Rooke. I am a mercer
, the prisoner lived servant
 with me, and in the time she lived with me I lost several things out of my shop; she went out of an errand and staid four or five days; I understood afterwards that she went down to Greenwich, and when she came back I turned her away, which was the 19th of May last.
Q. Was she a servant in your shop?
Rooke. No, she was servant in my house; we have oftentimes found the locks out of order that belong to the inside shutters.
Q. Describe those shutters.
Rooke. They went along the counter, and were put up of nights, and made it like a passage, with the goods within-side. The first piece that I missed was a scarlet serge-dusoy, that was about twelve months ago; she lived with me at that time, I missed it about three months before she went away.
Q. How long did she live with you?
Rooke. She lived with me about half a year. I missed also a quantity of grey ducape, about 11 or 12 yards, and about 16 or 17 yards of tabby, but the tabby was omitted in the indictment by mistake. I missed also blue ducape, and green ducape, and some black armozene, about eight or nine yards.
Q. Did you miss all these before she went away?
Rooke. I did. I heard she went to live in Bell-yard, near Temple-bar, and after that she went to Greenwich She told me my lord Anson got her a place to be nurse in the hospital there.

Q. How came you to suspect her?
Rooke. One of my servants was taken up for robbing me of a great many things, his name is Spruce. I took him before justice Fielding, he was committed to New Prison. The next morning I went to him, he told me that the prisoner now at the bar was the first instigation of his misfortunes. Upon that I got a warrant from Mr. Fielding, and took her up on the 14th of April; after which I found where she had sold or pawned part of the goods mentioned.
Q. Where did you find them?
Rooke. Some 
               
                  Jane 
                  Mason 
               



             had, some 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hudson 
               



            , some 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Sullivan 
               



            , and some John Chamberlain had. [Eliz. Hudson produced a piece of gray tabby.] This is my property, but it is not laid in the indictment. [ 
               
                  Jane 
                  Mason 
               



             produced a piece of gray ducape, and a piece of searlet dusoy.] These are my property, they are the same that I lost. The dusoy was a little mildewed when I lost it. [ 
               
                  John 
                  Chamberlain 
               



             produced a piece of black armozeen silk.] I lost a quantity of black silk, this quantity and kind. I can't directly say, but I think it to be the same. [
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Sullivan 
               



             produced a piece of gray ducape and a piece of sergedusoy, and said she bought six yards of callimancot of the prisoner at the bar. which she had quilted up in a petticoat.] I say that, that is worked up at Greenwich. I believe it to be mine, but do not swear to it. I believe the two pieces to be mine also.
J. Mason. I have known the prisoner a great many years. She came about a year ago a nurse to the hospital. She told me she had had these two pieces five or six years, and they had stood in a box in a damp place, and had got mildew'd. I took one out of pawn for her, at her request, from 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Sullivan 
               



            's house, and she was to give me my money again when her money came round from the hospital, and the other piece I bought of her.
E. Sullivan. The two pieces were pawned with me by the prisoner above fifteen months ago, one for 10 s. the other for a guinea.
Q. Where do you live?
E. Sullivan. I lived at Greenwich at that time. She was then about getting the place in the hospital. She told me they were her own property. I had some silk of her which Mrs. Mason came and took out for the prisoner, and I bought of her six yards of callimanco, and gave her nine shillings for it.
Eliz. Hudson, I had the piece of gray silk of the prisoner at the bar.


                  John 
                  Chamberlain 
               



            . I live at Greenwich. On the 20th of last October the prisoner brought this piece of black armozeen, and pledged it with me.
Prisoner's defence.
The piece of gray silk is my own, I bought it before ever I knew my master, and I wore it while I lived at his house. I bought it after I received 65 l.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


