





250. (L.) 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Lawrence 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a wooden till, value 6 d. and seven shillings in money numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Mountford 
                  




                
            , March 30
. ++


                  Samuel 
                  Mountford 
               



            . I keep a chandler's shop
 in Chick-Lane


. I had been out, and came home about nine o'clock this day se'nnight, at night. My wife was sitting in a room backwards. My niece said she heard money rattle. She went into the shop, and screamed out murder. I ran out, and got hold of the boy at the bar, as he was going to get out at the door. We never searched him, nor asked him what money he had taken. He had left seven shillings in silver and halfpence in the drawer. (The till produced and deposed to.) The prisoner had taken it out of the counter, and had it under him on the floor.


                  Jane 
                  Parimore 
               



            . I am niece to the prosecutor. I had been up stairs upon some business, and I heard some halfpence rattle behind the counter as I came down. I went behind the counter to see what was the matter, and the boy at the bar was lying at my feet all along, and the till under him. He was taking halfpence out. I halloo'd out murder! thinking it had been a man. My uncle came and catched hold of him.
Q. When had you seen the till before?
Parimore. I had pulled it out, and put it down on the ground, just under it's place, when my uncle laid hold of him. I took up the till. We told the money in the till. There was half a crown in silver, and 4 s. 6 d. in halfpence. The boy was not searched in the shop.
Prisoner's Defence.
A boy ran after me to beat me, and I ran into this shop, thinking no harm. I know nothing about the till no more than the child unborn. My mother is a customer to the shop.
To his Character.


                  John 
                  Powell 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since he sucked his mother's breast. She is living.
Q. Where do you live?
Powell. I live in Little-George-Street, near Portland Chapel.
Q. Where does his mother live?
Powell. I cannot tell where she has lived this last half year. The boy worked for me as a plaisterer's boy at the Bank of England within these twelve months. His father had the misfortune to have a fall there, and died the next morning. I know nothing of the boy since he worked with me. He behaved honestly then.


                  Mary 
                  Lawrence 
               



            . I am his mother. He has worked in the way that his father brought him up in since his father's death.
Q. Where do you live?
Lawrence. I live in Long-lane.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
