





303. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Cormick 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twelve painting brushes, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Grant 
                  




                
            , widow
, May 6
. +


                  Margaret 
                  Grant 
               



            . I keep a brush-maker's shop
. On Wednesday the 6th of May, about three or four in the afternoon, the prisoner came into my shop, I had used to buy thrums of him; he asked me if I wanted any thrums; (we use them in our business:) after he was gone, we missed twelve painting brushes; they were brought home afterwards by Mr. Welbank.


                  William 
                  Welbank 
               



            . I keep a turner's shop. On Wednesday the 6th of May, in the evening, the prisoner came to me, and asked me if I would buy a dozen of brushes; he asked half a crown for them; I thought that was much   under the value; I decoyed him within doors, by telling him I would send for a neighbour, to know whether they were worth the money. I asked him how he came by them; he said, he had them of one Mr. Moor, in Mark-lane, in exchange for thrums. I was going to send for Mr. Moor, but the prisoner desired me not to send for him; soon after, he said he found them by London-bridge, and after that, he said by Westminster-bridge; he seemed to be poor, and out of compassion I did not take him up; I sent my boy to watch where he lived; then by enquiring, I found the brushes belonged to Mrs. Grant.


                  John 
                  Trigg 
               



            . These brushes (produced in court) were brought to me by Mr. Welbank's boy; I am sure they are Mrs. Grant's brushes; I marked them myself when they came from the maker, and fixed the price upon them.
Welbank. I am sure these are the brushes the prisoner offered to me to sell.
Prisoner's defence.
I found these brushes in Charles-street, Westminster; I did offer to sell them to Mr. Welbank; I asked too low a price; as they cost me nothing, I could afford to sell them cheap; I told him I had found them.
To his character.


                  James 
                  Bagnell 
               



            . I once was clerk to Mr. Goodchild; I had the management of a factory in the country where the prisoner worked; I never heard any thing alledged against him in my life.
Q. How long is that ago?
Bagnell. That is about fifteen years ago; I have known him since; I never heard any thing against him in my life.


                  John 
                  Carey 
               



            . I have known him about eighteen months; I never heard anything laid to his charge.


                  James 
                  Braddock 
               



            . The prisoner has been a lodger of mine a year and three quarters; he is by trade a weaver, and a very hard-working man. I know of no ill by him.
Q. What does he get a week?
Braddock. He buys thrums of master weavers
, and by that and his wages he and his family can get 15 or 16 s. a week.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
