







110, 111. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hockley 
                  



                
             was indicted for 


               stealing (in company with 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Ridstone 
                     



                  , not taken) thirteen deal boards, value 26 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Dingley 
                  



                
            , Esq
; and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jeffrey 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , December 14

. +


                  Joseph 
                  Osboldiston 
               



            . I am foreman to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Dingley 
               



            , Esq; he lives in Lothbury: I am at Limehouse



, where the deals were taken from.
Q. What is Mr. Dingley?
Osboldeston. He is a merchant
; the deals were brought in the barges, and delivered into my care: I was very particular in marking them: I chalked them all a-cross the boards: there were three barges of them; there were thirteen deal boards missing.
Q. What was the value of them?
Osboldeston. They were worth 28 s. as we sell them out of the yard.
Q. Do you know who took them?
Osboldeston. I was upon some timber, and saw two men, Hockley was one of them, bring them from the barge, in a boat; but I could not pursue: we took Hockley up, and he confess'd he had sold them to Jeffrey: I went and found them in Jeffrey's yard, with my chalk-marks upon them; I told Jeffrey they were Mr. Dingley's property, and took him before Justice Berry: he said he bought them for fifteen shillings and a pot of hot, of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hockley 
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ridstone 
               



            .


                  William 
                  Boswell 
               



            . I heard Hockley confess, before Justice Berry, that he took the deals from the lighter, and carried them to 
               
                  Jeffrey
               


             the sawyer, and sold them for fifteen shillings.
Q. Where did he say the lighter lay?
Boswell. He said it lay just by Limehouse-bridge.


                  John 
                  Matthews 
               



            . My master and I were making the timber fast: I saw Hockley and Ridstone come from the lighter: I took hold of their boat, and held up my candle and lanthorn; and I knew them very well: they carried away twelve or thirteen deals.
Hockley's Defence.
I was standing at my master's door; the man came and said, Tom, I want you; I'll give you something to drink, if you will lend me a hand with the boat; he said, he had bought some deals: the tide ran very strong: when we came to Lime-house-bridge, he said he would go and see if Mr. Jeffrey would get them sawed; when we were there we had a pot or two of slip: after that he asked Mr. Jeffrey to buy them, and he sold them to him for half a guinea.
For Hockley.


                  Henry 
                  Gardner 
               



            . I have known Hockley from a child; he has a very good character: I have employed him some years, and never heard he did any thing bad.


                  William 
                  Barsey 
               



            . I have known him some time, he has a general good character.
For Jeffrey.


                  Thomas 
                  Eades 
               



            . I have known Jeffrey about ten years; I never heard but that he was a very honest worthy man.


                  Samuel 
                  Dickenson 
               



            . I have known him seven or eight years, and have employed him as a sawyer; he always behaved as an honest man.


                  William 
                  Rogers 
               



            . I have known him upwards of twenty years; I never heard the least blemish in his character: I deal for 5 or 600 l. a year for deals: I would not have given above a guinea for the thirteen deals.


                  James 
                  Jones 
               



            . I never knew Jeffrey before I was fetched to value the goods laid to his charge; there were thirteen of them; I would not have given above a guinea for them, had I bought them out of the yard; there were six single, and six double, and one three inch deal. The intrinsic value of them was not above 3 s. more than he gave for them: they were very coarse sappy stuff.
Q. What are you?
Jones. I am a carpenter.
Q. Is it usual to buy deals by candle-light?
Jones. No, it is not.
Q. If a couple of young fellows were to come to you in such a manner, would you have bought them?
Jones. No, I would not.


                  John 
                  Durham 
               



            . I have employed Mr. 
               
                  Jeffrey
               


             a good many years, and never found him to wrong me; I have trusted him with hundreds of pounds.
For the Prosecution.


                  Robert 
                  Blyth 
               



            . I was apply'd to by Mr. Dingley's clerk, to set a price on the thirteen deals that lay in the yard, which I was told were the same that were found in Mr. Jeffrey's yard. According to the price he sells deals to me, they came to 1 l. 8 s. 3 d. according to the best of my judgement.
Hockley, 

               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
Jeffrey, 

               Acquitted
            .
