





491. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Doyle 
                  , otherwise 
Heyden




            , was indicted for 


               stealing a cloth coat, and a cloth waistcoat, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Jones 
                        



                      
                  ; and a cloth coat, value 21 s. and a cloth waistcoat, value 1 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Griffiths 
                  



                
            , Aug. 13
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Griffiths 
               



            . I am a linendraper
 in Bridge-street, Westminster


. On Thursday the 13th of August, in the evening, I was in Union-street, on the back of Bridge-street; my house goes through to both streets; I heard the cry, stop thief; I saw the prisoner come running; he looked behind him; I saw no body running with him; I jumped cross the kennel, and took hold of him, and asked him what he had done; he said he was going to arrest his master, and the mob was going to kill him; there came some people, who said they were glad I had got him, for he had robbed me. Mr. Smith the constable came; I desired he would hold him till I went to see what I had lost, and I would come again; he was committed by Justice Miller; I went to see what I had lost; I found this bundle tied up behind the garret-door, a coat and waistcoat of mine, and a coat and waistcoat of my son in law's; mine were removed from a two pair of stairs room; there were several other things put together, but I do not lay them to his charge; when we were before the Justice, I found he had but just received his Majesty's pardon.


                  Jane 
                  Ironmonger 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Griffiths. On the 13th of August, I was going up stairs, between seven and eight in the evening, to sweep them, I thought I heard a foot going before me; when I was upon the dining-room stairs, I took it to be the girl that belongs to the house; I called several times, and received no answer; I put the oil cloth into the dining-room; after that, I heard a foot go up again; I called again, but no answer; I heard as if it was the rushing of some person going before me; then I ran up stairs within four steps of my own room; I saw my room-door shut too softly, and saw somebody move; I went into the next room to a young man that lay not well; I asked him if he heard Patty go up stairs; he said the cat was there, and desired I would go and turn her down stairs; then I went into my room, and called, but received no answer; I said if she was got under the bed, I would go and fetch her out; (this was upon the dusk of the evening:) I went into the room joining my room, beyond mine, and looked down upon the floor, and there I saw both the legs of a man, out from under the bed; I observed he had brown clothes on; I stood still two or three minutes, and thought it was somebody get into the house, to conceal himself in order to rob the house: I went out of the room, and said to John, my God, John, somebody is got into the house, and under the bed, with intent to rob the house; I ran down and rang the bell; when I got to the bottom, I called the nurse to run and fetch somebody for a rogue was in the house, and got under a bed; I never quitted the stairs till the person came down; I heard him from the two pair of stairs come padding down; when he came to the bottom, he made an attempt to go out at the street-door directly; I went up to him, and asked him who he wanted; he, in a great agitation, said he wanted one Captain Johnson.
Q. Whereabouts was he when you spoke to him?
J. Ironmonger. He was at the bottom of the stairs; I told him, there was no Captain Johnson lodged in the house, and said, who let you in, you villain, you want to rob the house; he turned round, and ran out as fast as he could, and shut the door too after him; I thought he kept the door fast that I should not come after him; I ran out at the other door, and called stop thief; I saw him running down the street; (it was the prisoner at the bar;) my master came in, and went up and found the bundle.
Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the person you saw in the garret?
J. Ironmonger. I am sure he is; I did not see his face, but I knew him by his clothes; there was no other person running in the street but him till I began to halloo out, stop thief; I insisted upon his not being discharged before Mr. Miller.
Q. Had you told Mr. Miller that a bundle was found?
J. Ironmonger. I believe I did.


                  John 
                  Boulton 
               



            . On the 13th of August I had been out; returning home, a friend with me went into the prosecutor's house to buy some things; I staid without; I had been there but a short time, before I saw a person shoot out of the prosecutor's house; I heard the alarm, stop thief; I saw the prisoner running; he had brown clothes on, with a red collar; I pursued directly, and called, stop thief; he got into the carriage-way, I did not lose sight of him till he was taken; after he was secured, I went back to find my friend in the prosecutor's shop.
Q. Did you see any body else run out of the prosecutor's house beside the prisoner?
Boulton. No, I did not.


                  William 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am constable. On the 13th of August I was sitting in the coffee-room at Guildhall, Westminster, I heard an outcry; I saw the prisoner running, and two people laid hold of him instantly; I came up to him; I heard him say, he was going to arrest his master, and was afraid of being beat, was the cause of his running; he threatened Mr. Griffiths and me too, if we held him; I asked him going along if he had any friends; he said he had no body, he was just come from on board a ship; we took him to Justice Miller's house, he was not at home; then we took him to a public-house, and when we came to the Justice's again, he said his name was 
               
                  Henry 
                  Heydon 
               



            , and that he had lived at Gibson's at Turnham-green, and other places in the city; we sent for people which he mentioned, but none came; at last a woman came, that I suppose to be his mother.
Prisoner's defence.
I was some time ago servant to one 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Johnson 
               



            ; he owed me 45 l. I was informed of his being in town, and that he lodged in Bridge-street; I went there to enquire for him on the 13th of August; I asked several people; at last I went into a public-house, and asked a person there; he directed me over to the prosecutor's house; there was a young woman standing at the door; I asked her if one Captain Johnson was there; she said, no; I then asked her if she knew where he lodged; she said, no; in the mean time a person rushed out of the house, and ran by me, and shut the door after him; the mob arose, and I ran to see; then they said I was the person, or one of his accomplices; they took me in custody, and carried me before Mr. Miller; he examined me, and sent me to the Gatehouse on suspicion; there I remained four days, and after nothing came against me, I was bailed out; when Mr. Smith was informed of that, he having seven guineas of mine, which were taken out of my pocket, I went to make interest for that; he got me advertised in the public papers, two guineas reward for taking a person fled from justice; I went to the constable's house, and surrendered myself, and desired to know if any thing was against me; I told him, I insisted upon going before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , that I might have my money; I went before Sir John, and was committed to Newgate before I knew where I was.
Smith. I searched the prisoner, and took seven guineas; a 5 s. 3 d. and 2 s. 6 d. out of his pocket, and was ordered to keep it; when the prosecutor had been at Mr. Miller's, and given an account he had found a bundle of clothes done up by the prisoner; Mr. Miller desired me to go to the Gatehouse, and give the prisoner his money, but I said I would keep it till he was farther examined.
For the prisoner.


                  Eleanor 
                  Wheeler 
               



            . I was Justice Miller's servant; I saw the prisoner about ten minutes before he was taken; there was a poor woman playing on music near my master's door, and he gave the poor woman a penny; the woman had two children; this was near Mr. Miller's.
Q. How far is Mr. Miller's from Mr. Griffith's house?
E. Wheeler. It is a good considerable way distance; he lives in the Broad Sanctuary near the chapel.
Q. How was he dressed?
E. Wheeler. He was dressed in a brown suit of clothes, turned up with red.
Q. How came you to remark him so particularly?
E. Wheeler. Because he gave the poor woman a penny; the Sunday after, I had some conversation with Mr. Griffith's maid; she told me she never saw him till she saw him at the door; she said there were two fellows rushed out, and she could not swear she saw him in the house.
Q. Have you any connections with this man at the bar?
E. Wheeler. No; I never saw him in my life, till I saw him give the woman a penny at the door; the maid said her master insisted upon her swearing to this man.
Prosecutor. I never did, upon my oath.
Q. to Ironmonger. Had you this conversation with this evidence Wheeler?
J. Ironmonger. I never set my eyes on her before I saw her attending about the court, to my knowledge.
Q. to Smith. Did you see Wheeler when you had the prisoner in custody?
Smith. I believe I saw her at Justice Miller's, interceding for the prisoner.
Q. to Wheeler. Have you been with the prisoner since he was at your master's?
E. Wheeler. I never saw him since he was brought there till now.

Q. Have you had no message from him?
E. Wheeler. No, I have not, I know nothing of him, nor any body that belongs to him; I mentioned this to the constable, and the prisoner's friends heard me speak it, and they insisted on my coming here to speak the truth.
Q. to Ironmonger. Did you ever say you never saw the prisoner till you saw him at the door?
J. Ironmonger. No, I never did: I never saw that evidence till I saw her attending about the court; she has not opened her lips to me, but looked and leered at me very often.
Q. Did you ever say there were two people rushed out of the house?
J. Ironmonger. No, I never did.
Q. Did your master ever press you to speak more than you could, concerning the man at the bar?
J. Ironmonger. No, he never did.
Prosecutor. I never pressed her to swear; I never asked her a word about it till we were before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; the prisoner's mother lives somewhere towards St. Giles's; she has applied to me several times not to hurt him; I was so far from pressing my servant to swear, that I sincerely wished he would have ran away, that I might never see him more.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him tried, No 44, in this Mayoralty; and see him in the trial of Mallet and Hull, No 273, 274. He was cast at Hickes's-Hall for transportation in June Sessions, and had but a few days received his Majesty's most gracious pardon.
