





568. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Meliori 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 6 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Boyd 
                  




                
            , August 27
. +


                  John 
                  Boyd 
               



            . Last Saturday was se'nnight I was in Bartholomew-fair


; I lost my handkerchief out of my pocket, and I saw Mr. Paine take it out of the prisoner's pocket.


                  William 
                  Paine 
               



            . I went to Bartholomew-fair, thinking I should catch some of these chaps; I knew the prisoner before; about four in the afternoon after the fair was proclaimed, I saw the prisoner with another that had been tried here before, going from one pocket to another; at last the other boy got sight of me and made off; the prisoner did not observe me; the prosecutor was gaping at one of the merry andrews; I saw the prisoner take his handkerchief out of his pocket, and put it in his own; I told the prosecutor of it, and took it out of the prisoner's pocket; the prisoner jumped out of a balcony fifteen feet high; I expected to have found him dead on the stones, but he ran away; I came after him as fast as I could, and overtook him at the corner of Hosier-lane and secured him.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.
To his character.


                  John 
                  Penticross 
               



            . I am a founder and brasier in Cow-cross; the prisoner worked journey-work with me; he has a very good character in the neighbourhood; I have known him no longer than five or six weeks ago, when he came to work with me.


                  John 
                  Clark 
               



            . I have known the prisoner thirteen years; he is a very honest lad.




               Guilty 2 d.
            



               T
            .
The prisoner was tried two or three Sessions ago by another name, for a crime of the same nature.
