





138. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Hooper 
                     Bennit 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a book, intitled The History of the University of Cambridge, from its original, to the year 1753; another book, intitled, The Compleat English Scholar, in three parts; another book, intitled, Miscellanies, in Prose and Verse; another book, intitled, Law is a bottomless Pit, or the History of 
                     
                        John 
                        Bull 
                     



                  ; another book, intitled, The History of the families of the Irish Nobility; another book, intitled, A short View of the Families of the present English Nobility; another book in four volumes, intitled, Belles Lettres
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wade 
                  




                
            , December 28
. ++


                  John 
                  Wade 
               



            . I am a bookseller
. I live near Gray's-Inn, in Holborn


. About the 21st of December I missed two books. I bid my wife look after them; this was on a Wednesday; and on the Tuesday following I missed two other books; one was The complete English Scholar, and the other The History of Cambridge. The next morning, between six and seven, the prisoner was taken, and about an hour after my lad told me of it. I got a constable, and gave charge of the prisoner.
Q. Did you know the prisoner before?
Wade. He used to come to shave people in my house: he is an apprentice to a barber
.


                  John 
                  Egerton 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. About eight in the morning, the 28th of December, the prisoner came into our shop, and asked me the price of a book; I told him; he put it in its place again. He said it was for a gentleman, and not for himself, and he would inform him the price. He went and looked along the books in the shop, and then went to the door at the end of the passage, and I perceived him to open the door. He bid me good-by, and said he would tell the gentleman the price. I watched him, and saw him come back and go into the entry. I listened, and heard him drop a book in the entry. He could get at the books there, as he had opened a door that opens to the entry, without my seeing him; the door being on the inside. After that I saw him go off, with the books under his coat. I followed him about twenty yards, and locked under his coat, and there found five books. (Produced in court: Belles Lettres, in four volumes; A short View of the Families of the Irish Nobility; A short View of the Families of the present English Nobility; and Miscellanies, in Prose and Verse, in two volumes.) I knew him very well. I took these books from him, and let him go; and when my master came in, I told him of it. He got a warrant from Justice Girdler, and took the prisoner up; and before the Justice he confessed he had taken them; and I found Buchannan's history of Cambridge, which he had taken.


                  Ann 
                  Brice 
               



            . I bought the first volume of Rollin's history, and my husband another, of the boy at the bar.
Prisoner's Defence.
I took these books for my own reading. A man gave me six-pence for two, and said if I would bring the other volume, he would give me at the rate of two shillings, or half a crown, for each.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
