





249. (L.) 
               
                  John 
                  Lane 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing three planes, value 8 s. one iron vice, value 1 s. and two screw plates, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hitchcock 
                  




                
            , March 1
. ++


                  John 
                  Hitchcock 
               



            . I live in Fetter-lane. I am a harpsichord and spinnet maker
. The prisoner worked with me about thirteen or fourteen months. The beginning of last Feb. he absconded from his business, which gave me some suspicion of him. I searched, to see if any thing was missing, and I missed the things mentioned in the indictment. I applied to a Justice for a warrant, and took him on the first of March, or thereabouts. I charged him with having taken the tools. He acknowledged he had taken them, and directed me where to find them. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  Hannah 
                  Sherman 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  William 
                  Sherman 
               



            , who works with Mr. Hitchcock. The prisoner's wife brought the tools to me the day after he was before the Justice.


                  David 
                  Jervis 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Fetter-lane. I had a screw plate pledged in the prisoner's name. He used my shop. I cannot say who brought it.
Prisoner's defence.
Mr. Hitchcock knew I had the tools. He agreed to find me in tools.

Prosecutor. Shirman proposed to let him work with his tools. I would not let him work with mine.
To his Character.


                  Thomas 
                  Yates 
               



            . I am a serjeant in the third regiment of Guards. I have known him four years. He has been twelve months in the regiment. We never had any complaint against him.




               Guilty 10 d.
            



               T
            .
