





122. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Cowen 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               making an assault on 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Liscome 
                        




                      
                  , widow
, on the King's highway, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and violently taking from her person a chip hat, covered with satten, value 2 s. and a linen cap, the property of the said Mary
            , Jan. 1
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Liscome 
               



            . I live on the other side Moorfields; on New Year's day, between one and two in the morning, I was in search of a woman that had robbed me; my sister was with me; I was near the Royal Exchange


, being told I should find her there, she being a woman of the town: there was the prisoner, and two or three more with him; he came and said nothing to me, but snatched my hat and cap; it was a chip hat, covered with satten, and ran away with them; I called out, he turned again, and gave me several blows; none of the other people offered to meddle with me; I saw him again before my Lord Mayor the next day; I don't know how he was taken.


                  John 
                  Ross 
               



            . Between five and six in the morning of the 1st of this month, the prisoner was brought to the Poultry Compter; two watchmen with him, told me had picked a young man's pocket of a watch, in Aldgate watch-house; the prisoner owned he had, and swore he would keep it; he was searched, and under his coat, on his left side, was found this hat; (produced in court.)
Prosecutrix. This is my hat, which the prisoner took from me.
Ross. The prisoner appeared to be drunk; I asked him how he came by that hat; he answered with a d - n, he had knocked a woman down in Cornhill, and taken her hat.
The prisoner, in his defence said, he sold goods about, muslin and plate, and paid 14 l. a year for a licence.
He called 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dulwich 
               



            , who had known him 12 years, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Onion 
               



             two, who said he was a very honest man.




               Guilty of stealing the hat
            . 


               T
            .
There was another indictment against him for stealing the watch.
