





528. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Davis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 4 silk gowns, value 19 l. one silk coat, value 30 s. one cloth waistcoat, value 15 s. one stuff riding habit, eight neck cloths, four pair of habit sleves, one linen handkerchief, four sheets, three pillow-cases, two table-cloths, two pair of cotton stockings, one pair of silk and worsted stockings, one silver cream-jug, three china bowls, nine linen napkins, a Bible, and other things
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Manning 
                  




                
            , Sept. 19
. ||



                  Samuel 
                  Manning 
               



            . I keep a waggon which goes from London to Gloucester
; I was bound over, as the goods were under my care.


                  Edward 
                  Swain 
               



            . I am book-keeper to Mr. James of Bristol; his waggon comes to the Three cups in Bread-street. On Saturday the 29th of June the waggon came there; there were two boxes sent by Mr. Manning's waggon, directed to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Norton 
               



             at Bristol.
Mrs. Russell. I sent two boxes by Mr. James's waggon of Bristol; there were in them my husband's cloaths, and all the cloaths that I had; there were three coats of his and breeches, four silk gowns, a silk coat, a stuff riding habit, neckcloths, two pair of habit sleeves, a handkerchief, four sheets, three pillow cases, two table cloths, three pair of cotton stockings, a pair of silk and worsted stockings, a silver cream-jug, and many other things; I sent them to the Three Cups in Bread-street, directed to 
               
                  James 
                  Norton 
               



             in the Old Market, Bristol, but they were never received.


                  William 
                  Burroughs 
               



            . I drive the waggon for Mr. Manning of Gloucester, that goes to Bristol; we took up two boxes the 24th of June; they were directed to Mr. Norton, and delivered by Mr. Swain to me, at the Three Cups in Bread-Street; they were double corded and locked, and put into the waggon; the prisoner came out of a public-house, the Coach and Horses at Isleworth, with a three dozen hamper; he was dressed very well in black; he asked me whether I would carry the hamper for him; he said there was nothing in it of any account; he desired me to carry it to Slough, this was between four and five o'clock; I put the hamper in the waggon, and he went with me to Slough; he said he could drive; so he drove the waggon two or three miles, and I got up in the waggon; then I got down and drove; before we got to the Magpye at Hounslow every thing was safe then; and he got up in the waggon, and did not get out till we came to Slough, at the sign of the Rein-Deer; there he took away the hamper.
Q. Did you mind the hamper to feel whether it was empty or not?
Burroughs. No, I did not, as he appeared well; I went on to the White Hart; I there went up in the waggon, to see if all was safe; then I found the cords were cut; I called for a candle, and then saw that I was robbed; I enquired, and found the prisoner had taken a post-chaise and come to London; I was at the taking the prisoner at Hatton-wall; we had a warrant from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             to search his lodgings, and found several things that are here to be produced.


                  Heley 
                  Gray 
               



            . I keep the King's-head Inn, in the Old Change; I went with the waggoner to Hatton wall, I sent for him to London on purpose; after we found out where the prisoner lived, we had a warrant from Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , but could not proceed till we had a man to swear to the robbery; I desired Mr. Marsden to let a man or two meet us at the Bull in Holbourn; he did; we went, and found the prisoner and his wife at home; we saw variety of goods of other people's as well as ours; I said to him, do not give us trouble to look them out; I had an inventory of the goods, and as I called for them, he delivered them to me; he said he was very sorry, and owned he had taken the goods, and wanted to make it up without going before a magistrate; (four silk gowns, a jacket, a petticoat, a milk-jug, and other things, produced in court, and deposed to by Mrs. Russel.)


                  John 
                  Healey 
               



            . I went along with Mr. Gray and others to take the prisoner; we found him and his wife at home; the prisoner said he was very sorry for what he had done, and owned he did take the goods out of the waggon, and said he would make satisfaction.


                  William 
                  Aliburton 
               



            . I was with Mr. Gray and the waggoner's man, and Healey at this time; at our first going in the prisoner said we were very welcome to search, there was nothing there that belonged to us; but upon looking over the things we found some to answer to the inventory that Mr. Gray had; then we said you had better shew us the things you took out of the Gloucester waggon, and not give us the trouble to look them out; he delivered them as they were called for; after we had got all these things, he said, Now, gentlemen, as I have been so open, I hope you will not take me before a magistrate; there was a silk and silver gown wanting, which he owned he had sold to a Jew for three guineas and a half, but here is a piece of the same found in his drawer, (produced in court and deposed to by Mrs. Russell, as being in the box with the other things;) he said if we would not take him before the Justice, he would make up the deficiency in money.
Prisoner's defence.
These gentlemen came to my lodgings for these things; I did not know what they wanted; they desired all my drawers might be opened; they were, and there were 4 times more goods than these; they hauled them out, and laid them, some on the bed, and some on the floor, and what goods they had a mind to they took away in a sheet; I did not understand what they wanted; I said, if there was any thing amiss, I was willing to make it up; I frequently go to sales and auctions, to buy things; it is impossible to tell where I bought these things, a person may go to twenty sales, and not recollect where they buy every thing.
For the prisoner.
Mrs. Vigers. I live on Hatton-wall; I have known the prisoner about ten months, he used our house; he came to read the news-papers every day, to look for sales; he used to tell me he went to sales both in town and country; he behaved extremely well; I have seen parcels of goods brought in in the day-time; every body about took him to be an honest man.


                  Mary 
                  Maynard 
               



            . I have known him about eight months; I have heard he got his bread by going to public auctions and sales; he bore the character of a very honest man.
Mrs. Grant. I have known him six or seven months; I have heard him and other people say he went to sales, and bought and sold things; I am very well acquainted with him and his wife too; I have heard his wife say, she brought this silver milk-jugg out of the country from her friends; he has a very good character.


                  Daniel 
                  Kennedy 
               



            . I am a taylor; I have known him upwards of three years; I always understood he was a dealer, and bought and sold at auctions and other places; I never heard any thing of him but the best of characters.
Avis Boyle. The prisoner lodg'd with me from last April; he bought and sold at auctions; I have been with him at one; good creditable people used to come to buy of him; I thought him as honest a man as ever came into a house; he behaved exceeding well; I have drank tea with his wife, when this silver milk-jug was used; I have heard his wife say she brought it out of the country with her; he lodged in my house when he was taken up, at Hatton-wall.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
There were two other indictments against him.
