





149. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bottom 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 32 pounds weight of raisins, value 10 s.
             the property of persons unknown, Feb. 6
. ++


                  William 
                  Pain 
               



            . I took the evidence Carney in Cheapside; I saw him and another pick a gentleman's pocket there; the next day I asked him, if there was any more of the gang, as we were going to Guildhall; he told me he was concerned with the prisoner, in stealing a frail of raisins from off the key; then we went and took the prisoner as he had directed us, at his lodgings on Salt-petrebank; he told us, he was either there, or gaming on Tower-hill; Carney also described a bag that he said the prisoner had with him, to put the raisins in; we went afterwards, and found the bag marked as he described, with a little hole or two in it.



                  John 
                  Jebb 
               



            . I am constable for the King on the keys; the boy Carney mentioned the prisoner before Mr. Alderman Nash; the Alderman ordered me to go to his lodgings, and search for him; we went, and took him at his lodgings; we also found this bag by the side of his bed; (produced, with small holes in it.) The evidence told us of these holes before we went to see for it.
Q. What did the prisoner say for himself?
Jebb. He said he knew nothing of the matter.
Q. Were the raisins over found again?
Jebb. No.


                  John 
                  Carney 
               



            . I shall be 14 years of age the 17th of next March; I have known the prisoner about two months; I got acquainted with him at Salt-petre-bank, at a lodging-house where he and I lay. I have a mother alive; she lives in Buckle-street. I worked in Petticoat-lane; when I left my place, I did not go to my mother, but got into bad company with a parcel of boys, and went a thieving. The prisoner asked us to go out at night; that night we went out about twelve; it was one o'clock when we got the raisins; this was about a fortnight ago, on a Tuesday night; we found the watchman asleep on the keys under a ladder; the prisoner went, and looked and saw him, and the other boy went, and took a basket of raisins from a parcel under a shed; he carried it up to the archway, and then put it in the bag, and put it on his head, and carried it along; we went the city way, and round Leadenhall-street, because we would not meet the watchmen; we took them to the house where he lodged; in the morning he got up, and took some in his apron, and asked a person to buy them, who said, he would not give above three farthings a pound for them; then we went into Petticoat-lane; there he bid me go into an alehouse; he came to us, and said, he got five farthings a pound for them, and that they came to 3 s. 3 d. and he gave me 13 d.


                  Barney 
                  Sherrard 
               



            . I am about twelve years old; I saw the prisoner and this boy, (meaning Carney) come into the house one Tuesday night; they went out between twelve and one that night; I was asleep when they came in, in bed; they awaked me; I saw they had some plums in a bag; the prisoner pulled his shoes off, and lay down till towards morning; they went out to sell them in the morning; I do not know where they sold them; the prisoner gave me a handful out of the bag; they cut the top of the basket off, and put them in the bag, and carried them out in that.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing about it; that boy ( meaning Carney) used to come there almost every night, and they would talk who had got the most handkerchiefs by picking of pockets.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
