





133. 
               
                  
                     Miles 
                     Reynolds 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a jointer plane, value 4 s. a hand-saw, value 2 s. and a pannel-saw, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harris 
                  




                
            , Jan. 29
. *


                  William 
                  Harris 
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker
, and live in Lambert-court, Long-acre


; I went out on the 29th of January about nine in the morning, and returned about twelve, and found the door of my work-shop broke open, and the things mentioned in the indictment were taken away; I was informed the prisoner, who had worked for me some little time before, was seen about; I set my apprentice to enquire where he lived; we found him, and took him before Justice Fielding; there he confessed he had taken them, and told where he had sold them; the Justice sent for them; (produced in court and deposed to.)


                  Hannah 
                  Clegg 
               



            . I keep a broker's shop; the prisoner came and offered these things here to me to sell; I gave him 3 s. 6 d. for them.
Q. to prosecutor. What are they worth?
Prosecutor. They are worth above 8 s.

Prisoner's defence.
I worked for the prosecutor several times; he has lent me tools several times; I went there, and the door was open; the apprentice was out; I made bold to take these things.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you ever lend the prisoner tools?
Prosecutor. I have, and he has brought them back again.
Q. Did he ever pawn any of the tools which you lent him?
Prosecutor. No.
Q. Did you ever lend him any in order to raise money on them?
Prosecutor. No, he worked with me but a very little while; the first time I employed him, he went away, and left his work unfinished: it was through a friend of his that I lent him tools.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
