





292. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Benton 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing 45 guineas, the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Lucar 
                     



                  , privately from the person of the said Samuel
            , March 26
. *


                     Samuel 
                     Lucar 
                  




                
            . I served his Majesty as a soldier 24 years, and am now an out-pensioner at Chelsea
, and live near Chelsea, the prisoner has a lodging-room of her own in Westminster. On the 26th of March I met her in John's-street about 7 or 8 at night at a public-house, the sign of the Bell.
Q. Did you know her before?
Lucar. I did.
Q. Had you ever been in her company before?
Lucar. I will tell the truth, I had, and laid with her before. From thence we went to her lodgings between 10 and 11.
Q. Was you in liquor?
Lucar. No, I was not fuddled, I had been drinking; I had 45 guineas in gold and some silver, but how much I cannot swear. When I came from my own lodging I had 58 l. but I had spent the rest.
Q. Where had you been?
Lucar. I lay in a very civil house in John's-street on the Monday night, and on the Tuesday I was drinking about, but was very sober all the day, and lay in John's-street that night also. I lay with a woman, not in the same house, but was not wronged of a farthing.
Q. Had you a bed-fellow on the Monday night?
Lucar. I had. On the Wednesday morning I had my money in my pocket, I counted it over. I was at the Bell part of the day, and in the afternoon I light of the prisoner.
Q. How came you by all this money?
Lucar. It was left me by an aunt, she left me an hundred pounds.
Q. When did you receive it?
Lucar. I received it since Christmas. I had the money mentioned in the indictment. When I went to bed with the prisoner, I counted it in her lodging.
Q. Did she see you?
Lucar. I do not know whether she was gone out for liquor; I put it loose in my right-hand breeches pocket; I laid my breeches under my head, and we went to bed together before 11. When I awaked I heard the watchman crying 3 o'clock; I found the prisoner was gone; I felt for my breeches, and found them not under my head, but on the bolster where she had laid, the whole tote was gone; she had locked me in, so I lay there till the morning; then the woman of the house came up, and I told her how I had been served; she said the prisoner came down and called to some woman that lay below, and said, come, get up, the coach is waiting. I did not know what to do, so I went home; after that I and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Harris 
               



             went to look for her, and we found her in the Strand, and took her before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            ; she was searched, and 8 guineas, a quarter guinea, and some silver was found in her pocket; at first she said it came from Cambridgeshire from her friends, but afterwards she confessed it was part of my money; the Justice asked her where the remainder was; she said it was in her lodgings, but would not say where, for that she said should keep her while in goal.


                  Richard 
                  Harris 
               



             deposed to that of the prisoner's confession.
Prisoner's defence.
The prosecutor gave me 35 guineas to support me and my children; he bid me furnish a room with it; he has been with me night and day; I never wronged him of a farthing in my life.
Q. to prosecutor. Did you give the prisoner any money?
Prosecutor. I gave her 2 s. for lying with her, and I gave her no more.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            . 


               T
            .
