





133. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clifton 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one silver watch, with a shagreen case, and one seal set in silver, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Boydell 
                  




                
            , widow
, March 18
. ++


                  Jane 
                  Boydell 
               



            . I am in partnership
 with my father, a callico glazer; the prisoner was one of our porter
s.
Q. Where do you live?
Boydell. I live in Watling-street, I lost my watch, but do not know of my own knowledge who took it.
Q. Where was it taken from?
Boydell. It lay on a little ledge by one of the windows in the compting-house.
Q. Had the prisoner use to go into the compting-house?
Boydell. No, but the family was gone up to dinner at the time, and he brought in a load; and at that time, I suppose, he went into the compting-house, and he took it: he has since confessed he took it at that time.
Q. Did you ever meet with it again?
Boydell. It was advertised, and a gentleman stopped it and brought it to me.


                  James 
                  Palace 
               



            . I keep a sale-shop in the Minories, I buy and sell all sorts of plate; the prisoner at the bar brought this watch to me. [ Producing one.]
Prosecutrix. This is my watch that I lost at that time.
Palace. He asked three guineas for it at first, and had he kept to his price, probably I might not have suspected his having stole it, and might have bought it. He had a knot on his shoulder, and appeared like a porter. I told him that was too much for me to give. Sir, said he, Will you give me two for it. I took it up again, and said, What do you think of thirty-six shillings for it? He said, Then take it. I said, Where do you live? we never buy things of this sort, without knowing where the people live. He said, He lived with a glazer, and was hired by the week; and lodged at Mr. Cash's, at the Whitehart in St. John's street. I said, I will take the trouble to go in the evening; and if I find you an honest man, I will give you the money. He went away, and I kept the watch. He came back again in about an hour, and two men with him. Said one of the fellows, What do you stop the honest man's watch for? I will give 100 l. security for his honesty. Said I, I will stop you if you are troublesome here. Who are you? One of them said, he lived at the White-swan in Bishop's-gate-street. Away they went in a great passion. I went to St. John's street, but could not find any such person or sign. The next day I found it advertised. I went with it to the prosecutrix, who owned it. The prisoner was taken before an alderman, and committed.
Prisoner. I should be glad if the court would let me serve his majesty.




               Guilty
            .
He being a lusty young fellow, the jury recommended him to serve as a soldier.




[Transportation. See summary.]


