






278, 279. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Welch 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  James 
                  Bready 
               



             , were indicted for 


               stealing one mahogany tea-chest, val. 2 s. one quarter of a pound of bohea tea, val. 1 s. and two silver tea-spoons, val. 1 s. 
            the property of 
               
                  Isabella 
                  Goldsbruf 
               




             , July 1
. ++.
Isabella Goldsbruf. I keep a publick house
 in Union Court


. On the first of July, a little after 7 o'clock, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Cotton 
               



            , my servant, came up and told me a man and a woman came in for a pint of two penny; that the man went into the kitchen, and she sat in the tap-room; that before she came up with the beer, the woman was gone, and she had missed the tea-chest out of the kitchen, and she had stopped the man; I got up, and found it as she had said; I sent for an officer and charged him; he offered to leave his coat in pledge, if I would let him go for the woman for the chest; then he wrote a direction to go to Petticoat-square, No. 3. for the woman; my maid went with the officer, and there they found the woman, then she sent this note for the tea chest. It is read.
(Please to deliver the tea chest that I brought home this day. 1 July, 1763.
The Mark of
 X 
Mary Harris.)
That was the name she went by then; the chest was found, as she had told us, concealed under her bed and bolster, in her lodgings, the other things were in the chest. (Produced and deposed to.)


                  Mary 
                  Cotton 
               



             confirmed the above account.
Welch's Defence.
I never was in the kitchen at all.
Bready's Defence.
The while I was there this affair happened, the thing was taken; I am quite ignorant of it.
Cotton. When I was below I heard something walk over my head, which I had reason to believe was the man carrying the chest to her in the other room.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
See Welch tried by the name of Wilson, No 166 in Sir 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Fludyer 
               



            's mayoralty, for stealing money from 
               
                  John 
                  Castelli 
               



            ; and No 14 in Sir 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Blackiston 
               



            's mayoralty, for the wilful murder of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Bourke 
               



            .
