





342.(L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Cooper 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing four silver tea-spoons, value 5 s. and one linen apron, value 2 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Richards 
                  




                
            , May 10
. +


                  William 
                  Richards 
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and live in Aldersgate-street


. About a quarter after 6 in the morning, on the 10th of May, I was at work; I heard a noise in my kitchen, which is a room even to that I work in. I went into the kitchen; the prisoner met me: I seemed a little frighted: she said, What are you frighted at, I come to enquire for one Nurse Davis. I found she came in at my back door, which I found a-jar.


                  William 
                  Blake 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Richards; I saw the prisoner in my master's kitchen, with the spoons (mentioned) and apron in her hand. I first saw her in the passage between the kitchen and shop, (the spoons and apron produced and deposed to). Mr. Whitton came into the kitchen when she was there: he had called through the window, having first seen her; his window looks into our kitchen.
Mr. Whitton confirmed the account given by Blake, with this addition; he first saw her peeping into the prosecutor's kitchen thro' the window.
Prisoner's Defence.

I go out a nurse-keeping, and sometimes a chairing
: I was going to Mr. Reyner's, in St. Paul's Church-yard; I met a nurse that nursed me in my lying in; she told me she was nursing in Alders-gate-street, 3 or 4 doors up an entry, before I come to a pawnbroker's shop. I went and knocked at the door, and when I went in, the gentleman was frighted: I wanted only to speak a word or two to the nurse.
The prisoner called 
               
                  Rachael 
                  Holloway 
               



            , who had known her 18 years; and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lythan 
               



            , between 5 and 6, who gave her a good character.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
