






252, 253. (M.) 
               
                  Gibson 
                  Bignall 
               



              was indicted for 


               stealing one tenon saw, value 4 s. one pannel saw, value 3 s. one pilaster plane, value 6 d. and one ogee plane, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Russel 
                        



                      
                  ; one tenon saw, value 5 s. one long plane, value 12 d. one trying plane, value 9 d. one smoothing plane, value 9 d. one pilaster plane, value 18 d. one rabbet plane, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Turner 
                  



                
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Williams 
                  



                
             for 


               receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            , March 22

. +
Bignall 


               pleaded guilty
            . 


               T
            .
William Turner. On the 22d of March the tools mentioned in the indictment were lost from out of a building in St. George's, Bloomsbury



 (mentioning the tools his property;) we heard of them again on Easter Monday; Gibson Bignall was taken up, and he acknowledged he took them away, and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Williams 
               



             said she pawned some to Mr. Robinson.


                  Thomas 
                  Coulter 
               



            . I am headborough. The prisoner Williams was brought to me on Saturday night, charged on suspicion of receiving some carpenter's tools that had been stolen from a building; she confessed where she had sold and pawned them; she said her husband (meaning Bignall) brought them to her.
Q. Is Bignall her husband?
Coulter. I find they are not married, she herself said they were not.


                  John 
                  Russel 
               



            . I lost my tools, the same as mentioned in the indictment to my name, at the same time.
Q. What is Gibson Bignall?
Russel. He is a carpenter
 as they tell me; the woman at the bar went round with us to the places where she had pawned and sold them.
Q. Did she say she knew where Bignall had them?
Russel. She said she knew he had them from out of a building.
Q. Did Bignall work in that building?
Russel. No, he did not.
Q. to Coulter. Did, she say she knew the tools to be the property of the prosecutors?
Coulter. No, she did not; I had her above an hour in custody before I could make her confess; then the master carpenter told her he would not hurt her if she would confess; then she told him she had sold some, and pawned others; we went and found them accordingly.
Prisoner's defence.
I did not know but that they were the property of Bignall.
Williams 

               Acquitted
            .
