





542. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sheldon 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a shirt, value 12 d. a pair of stockings, a handkerchief, and two yards of lace
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Shatlock 
                  




                
            , Sept. 2
. ++


                  William 
                  Shatlock 
               



            . I am a vinter
, I keep a vault in Russel-street, Covent-garden


; the prisoner was a drummer in the guards
, quartered upon me, and lived in my house; I missed several things the 2d of September; I took him up on suspicion on Friday was fortnight at night, and sent him to Convent-garden Round-house; he sent for me the next morning, and begged I would forgive him, and he would tell me all about my things; then he delivered to me this piece of lace, holding it in his hand; there are two yards of it, it is worth hear three guineas, it is my wife's lace; he confessed taking and pawning some shirts near Horseshoe-alley, and that he had pawned two handkerchiefs, an apron, and a pair of stockings, which I found in a house where he directed me in Stretton's-ground.
Q. What promise did you make him?
Shatlock. I promised him, in the Round-house, that I would be as easy with him as I could, and so I have.


                  Thomas 
                  Setker 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; the prisoner pledged a check apron, a handkerchief, and a pair of stockings with me, the first on the 11th of September, and I think the last the 8th of October.
Prisoner's defence.
When I confessed to these things, he told me, if I would down on my knees, and beg his pardon, and tell where the things were, he would forgive me; then I told him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
