





225. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ford 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a tin cannister, value 2 s. and four pounds weight of green tea, value 28 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thompson 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said John
            , April 2
. ||


                  John 
                  Thompson 
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Whitechapel


. On the second of this instant I had two cannisters, with tea in them, taken from off my counter about eight at night, one was green the other bohea. I was below; 
               
                  William 
                  Toler 
               



             came and asked if I had lost any thing; I then missed the cannisters; I went one way and he the other, and he took the prisoner with the cannister of green tea upon him.


                  William 
                  Toler 
               



            . Going by the prosecutor's shop, I saw two lads run out of the shop; I called, and Mr. Thompson came out; he missed the cannisters. We went down the street, he one way and I the other; I met the prisoner; I clapped my hand upon him and said, I believe you are one of the lads that robbed Mr. Thompson of some tea. I felt about him, and found the cannister under his coat; Mr. Thompson came and took it of me. (Produced and deposed to by a mark under it, which the prosecutor put on it when the exciseman took it last.)
Mr. Pearce. I met the last witness; he told me what he was after, and desired me to assist. (The rest as Toler had deposed.)
Prisoner's defence.
I never was guilty of such a thing in my life. I was brought in by seeing two or three lads in Whitechapel; they got me to drink with them, and they gave me the cannister.
Q. to Toler. Do you know whether the prisoner is one of the boys that came out of the shop?
Toler. I am not sure of that. When I stopped him, and told him he was one of the lads that robbed Mr. Thompson, he said it was two boys that are gone that way, pointing; I looked, but saw no boys.
Pearce. After Mr. Thompson had taken the cannister, the prisoner said, God bless me, I kicked it before me.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
