





251. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Spines 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               forging and publishing an acquittance for 9 l. with intention to defraud 
                     
                        
                           Jenison 
                           Shaftoe 
                        




, Esq
; April 8
. *
Jenison Shaftoe, Esq; The prisoner was my coachman
; he bought me three loads of hay and delivered me this receipt. (Produced in court.)
It is read:
"April 2d, 1767.
"Received then the contents of this bill,
"
               
                  Per William 
                  Marsh 
               



            ."

The bill above for three loads of buy at three guintas a load, 9 l. 9 s.


                  William 
                  Marsh 
               



            . (He takes the bill and receipt in his hand) This writing on this paper is none of it my hand-writing Mr. Dugens's servant paid me 7 l. 10 s. for the three loads of hay at 50 s. a load, which I bargained with the prisoner for. The prisoner came to me about seven days after, and said the affair he had been guilty of was discovered, and begg'd I would take the rest of the money and write to his master to be favourable; he then apprehended there was a warrant out against him


                  George 
                  Davis 
               



            . (He takes the paper in his hand) The prisoner came to me at the Three Kings in David-street, and desired me to write it: he said it was only a little trifling thing for three loads of hay, so I wrote the bill; it is for three loads of hay at three guineas a load; then he said, now write the receipt. I said I do not do that; he said he had lost the bill, and he must have one to shew his master, then I wrote the receipt.
Prisoner's defence.
I did not think any harm; I had lost the bill and I thought hay was at that price, as it was the your before.


                  Thomas 
                  Matthews 
               



            . I live with Mr. Dugens; he does business for Mr. Marsh of Colney Hatch. I paid him 7 l. 10 s. for three loads of hay, that is 50 s. a load, I believe it was in the beginning of April, and gave the prisoner the bill and receipt by Mr. Marsh's order; the price of hay the year before was three guineas a load, or something better. I have known the prisoner four or five years; he has a very good character for what I know or heard.
Mr. Shaftoe. The prisoner was four years my coachman; I had no reason to think he had behaved ill before.
Mr. Trigg, a coachmaker in Wardour street, Mr. Pinkins, Mr. Twentyman, Mr. Hine, Mr. Wallington, Mr. 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Dandy 
               



            , and Mr. Stilling fleet, clerk of the Princess Amelia's stables, under whom the prisoner had lived above two years, all gave him a very good character.




               Guilty
            . 


               Death
            . Recommended.
