








205, 206. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Sinnet 
                  



                
             was indicted, for 


               that he, on the 15th of January



, about the hour of three in the morning the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Pitchard 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing three silver tea-spoons, value 3 s. one pair of silver tea-tongs, value 2 s. one silver strainer, value 20 s. one silver cream-pot, value 10 s. one silver mug, value 40 s. one silver marrow spoon, value 8 s. one silver pepper caster, value 30 s. one wooden till, value 6 d. and five shillings in money, numbered, the property of the said Joseph, in his dwelling house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Smithson 
                  



                
            , widow
, for 


               receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            . *


                  Joseph 
                  Pitchard 
               



            . I am a colour-man


, and live in High-street, St. Giles's





: on the 15th of January, at night, I was the last that went to bed; the house below was well secured: there is an alley goes up under my house, over which is a window up one pair of stairs, at which, by the help of a ladder, the thief came in. When I got up in the morning, that window was up: I can't say whether it was fastened over night; I know it was down; they had opened a door that was only shut, and went into my compting-house. There I miss'd all the things mentioned in the indictment (Mentioning them). On Shrove Tuesday I was sent for to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , I having before advertised, and gave bills out from his office. There I found the two prisoners and Quin the evidence; Quin owned to the robbery, the other did not.


                  Catherine 
                  Hulme 
               



            . I live in Belton-street: I had this tea-spoon of the woman at the bar, or her sister, I do not know which. (Producing one.)
Prosecutor. This is my property, one of which I lost at that time; here is M. B. upon it; they were my wife's property before I married her.
Hulme. The spoon was pledged in the name of Wright, on the 17th of January; I know nothing of the man at the bar.


                  Terence 
                  Magennis 
               



            . I am a constable; one Mr. Baker came to me on the 23d of January, and said he had been robbed the night before; I found the two prisoners and Quin in a bed together, in Maynard-street, St. Giles's.


                  Patrick 
                  Quin 
               



            . Sinnet and I got in at a window in Mr. Pitchard's house, by the help of a ladder. We took the till and about 5 s. in halfpence, and the other things mentioned in the indictment. (Mentioning cash very exactly, and how marked.) This was between two and three in the morning, about six weeks ago. I was bred just by; but I went into the shop the day before, to see which way to do it; so when we were in at the window, we went down stairs, and into the dining-room, and then the counting-house: we had a dark lanthorn. When we had done, we put the ladder in the place where we took it from. We carried the things to the prisoner's room, St. Giles's; there we shared the halfpence; we broke some of the plate, and sold some to a Jew for a guinea and a half, and a shilling; and that we broke we sold for eight shillings and three pence. I have been acquainted with Sinnet four or five years; we lived next door to one another.
Magennis. They did live next door to one another about three quarters of a year ago; I know they have been acquainted with one another nine or ten years.
Quin. When we used to do any thing, I used to lie at his back with her in the bed: I was taken up on Mr. Baker's affair, which was about a week after this; Sinnet said he sent Smithson to pawn this spoon.
Sinnet's Defence.
I never went on any such thing with that Quin in my life; he has been concerned with a good many Thieves; I know he wants to take my life away to save his own.

He called 
               
                  Michael 
                  Line 
               



            , a Hawker in the streets, 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Garatree 
               



            , 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Ward 
               



            , and 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Kelly 
               



            , who gave him a good character.
Sinnet, 


               Guilty of stealing only
            . 


               T
            .
Smithson, 

               Acquitted
            .
(M.) Sinnet was a second time indicted, for 


               that he, on the 22d of January



, about the hour of three in the morning, the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Baker 
                        



                      
                   did break and enter, and stealing fifteen pounds weight of cheese, value 3 s. one wooden till, value 6 d. and 5 l. in money, numbered, the property of the said William, in his dwelling house
            . *
There being no evidence to the fact but Quin, he was 

               Acquitted
            .
He was a third time indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Palmer 
                        



                      
                  , and stealing two tin cannisters, value 2 d. six pounds weight of tea, value 30 s. two wooden tills, value 6 d. and 6 s. in money, numbered
            , the property of the said William, December 19.
There being no evidence to the fact but Quin, he was not examined. 

               Acquitted
            .
