





215. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Burton 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver punch-ladle, val. 1 s. two silver salts, value 2 s. two silver tablespoons, val. 2 s. two glass cannisters with silver tops, two silver salt-spoons, and one china bason
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Burr 
                  




                
            , spinster
, May 5
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Watkins 
               



            . I was at Mrs. Burr's house at breakfast on the 5th of May; the family all went to church, except Mrs. Burr, and the maids. About three quarters after 10 there came two persons to know if she had been robbed of some plate; 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Bedington 
               



             went and found the glass of the buffet was broke and the things mentioned in the indictment were gone. I went out, and there were a crowd of people, they had put the prisoner in the watch-house, a man had got the things at the Queen's head; there I went and saw them, and knew them to be Mrs. Burr's property.



                  Thomas 
                  Pasfield 
               



            . The prisoner came to my house for some tea and sugar, and had no money to pay for them, on the 5th of May, about 11 o'clock; she offered me the punch-ladle to sell, her hand was all bloody, I would not take the ladle, she would not go out of my shop, but turned about and broke my window; I charged the constable with her, and there we found the rest of the things in her apron. (Produced in court, and deposed to by Mr. Watkins as the property of Mrs. Burr.)


                  Jacob 
                  Ayres 
               



            . Mr. Pasfield charged me with the prisoner, there were all these things upon her; she cryed out, murder; she said she came from Islington, and that she brought the things from thence.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of it; I don't know where I was; I was out of my senses.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
