





127. (M.) 
               
                  Isabella 
                  Denston 
               



            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one piece of lawn, value 10 s. the property of 
                     
                        Sallsbury 
                        Purrier 
                     




                   , privately, in the shop of the said Sallsbury
            , March 13
 ||.


                  Matthew 
                  Kelmer 
               



            . Mr. Purrier is a linen draper
, in Castle-street, Leicester-fields


: I am journeyman to him. On the 9th of last month, the prisoner came into our shop, and desired me to shew her some lawns. She told me, she came from a customer of ours, Mrs. Broomfield, that lives about five doors from us; and said she would have come herself, but was not well. As she was looking over the pieces, she said she was fearful she should not please her, and desired me to let her carry it to shew her. In about five minutes after she was gone, I missed another piece. I acquainted my master with it, and he sent me to Mrs. Broomfield. and I found she never had sent her. The next day the prisoner was taken up, and before justice Cox confessed the taking the lawn out of my master's shop. [He produced two pieces of lawn.] One she stole, and the other I let her have to carry to shew Mrs. Broomfield.
Eliz. Morris. I am house-keeper to 
               
                  George 
                  Drummond 
               



            , Esq; Palace-yard, Westminster. The prisoner brought this lawn to our house on the 9th of March. to sell. She is an acquaintance of our house-maid.


                  Ann 
                  Skilton 
               



            . I am house-maid to Mr. Drummond. The prisoner brought this lawn to our house to sell, and left it there. I know but very little of her. She was a servant when I first knew her. The next day she was taken up.
Prisoner's Defence.
I hope your lordship will consider my condition. I am down lying, not having an hour to reckon.




               Guilty 4 s. 10 d.
            

There was another indictment against her for a single felony. 


               T
            .
