





252, (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Turner 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 14 yards of muslin, value 5 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Nash 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Eddowes 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Martin 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Barnard 
                  



                
            , October 8
. *


                  James 
                  Vinie 
               



            . Messrs. Nash, Eddowes, Martin and Barnard, are linen-drapers



 and partners. I am their servant: the prisoner was employed as a porter to them. About the month of October last, a piece of muslin, of about 14 yards, was missing, I had no reason to suspect the prisoner, till by his wife's information of it, and where it was pawned, where I went and found it. (Produced and deposed to, as the property of the prosecutors.) It was pawned in Trinity-lane.
Q. Is it a whole piece?
Vinie. I believe it is. Here is a character-mark upon it: the mark of the sellers.


                  James 
                  Phesent 
               



            . I keep a public-house, in Trinity-lane. I had this piece of muslin of the prisoner at the bar: he wanted to borrow five guineas, and said he would leave something in the room of it, till he came again: I never looked at it. I knew he used to by goods of his masters, to sell again, and had for a year and a half. The next news I heard after he left it, was, that he absconded: his wife came to my house, and I told her there was a parcel: she looked at it, and said, if she knew who it belonged to, she would let them know. Then she went and let Mr. Vinie know.
Mr. Martin. We have sold the prisoner several parcels of goods, within four or five months; we have looked over our journal, and find no such piece as this entered. When we found the prisoner out, we asked him the reason for his going off? he told me, he went off for fear of having this piece of muslin found. Two or three of our servants now in court heard him say this. (He takes the piece up.) I believe this is our property.
Q. Can you swear you never sold it?
Martin. I cannot pretend to swear that. We advertised it, and the prisoner confessed he went off, for fear of its being found: he knew we should not have troubled him, on account of a debt he owed us. He owned also the same at the Mansion-house.
Q. to Vinie. Can you say this piece never was sold by any of the servants to the prisoner?
Vinie. To the best of my knowledge, it never was. As one piece was missing, by looking over the books, the prisoner was naturally asked the question, whether he knew of the going of it, as well as others? It rested a fortnight, or three weeks, till such time it was advertised: after that, he went off.
Prisoner's Defence.
Mr. Martin and I have had several dealings together; the last parcel of goods that I had, this piece came home in the parcel: I looked upon it as my property, so I pledged it for five guineas.
For the Prisoner.


                  Timothy 
                  Cox 
               



            . I have known him six or seven years; I take him to be as honest a man as any in the world.


                  John 
                  Wilson 
               



            . I have known him about twelve years; I never heard any thing of him before this, but what was that of an honest worthy man.


                  Anne 
                  Wilerton 
               



            . I have known him fifteen years: I never heard to the contrary, but that he was an honest man.


                  James 
                  Brown 
               



            . I have known him about eight or nine years: I always took him to be a very honest man before this affair.


                  Mary 
                  Willis 
               



            . I have known him about a year and a half; I never heard but that he was a very honest man.



                  Joseph 
                  Mackaness 
               



            . I have known him near two years; he had a very good character before this.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
