





499. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Tillet 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing ten yards of silk ribbon, value 5 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Martin 
                     Tullett 
                  




                
            , July 27
. ++


                  John 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I was at the Swan tavern on Fish-street-hill on the 27th of July, between nine and ten in the evening, the prisoner offered some ribbon to the cook and the bar maid to sell; I said, I doubted he stole it; he said his father was a ribbon-weaver, and he gave him a piece-of ribbon every day to sell; I took it out of his hand, and asked him what he was; he appeared by his clothes like a bricklayer's labourer; he said he was a bad-boy; I asked him who he worked for; he said, for a person in Abchurch-lane, whom I knew; I sent for him, but he was gone to bed; the maid told me, if I would go to the George in East-cheap, there were some of his servants; I went; they said he had worked there, but they had turned him away for being a bad boy; then I charged the constable with him, and sealed the ribbon up in a paper, and gave it to him; then the prisoner told me he stole it in the Borough


, in Mr. Tullett's shop, opposite St. George's church


; he begged for mercy, and said he was starving; but upon searching him, there was a great or five-pence found in his pocket.
Mrs. Tullett. The prisoner very frequently came to our shop in the Borough, and asked to see some ribbons; he has bought some several times; we shewed him two boxes, on the 27th of July in the evening; when he went away, the shop was shut up immediately, and we did not miss any thing that night; this gentleman, Mr. Taylor, came in the morning with a piece he had cut off and asked if we had any to match that; we looked, but could not find it; (the ribbon produced in court;) this ribbon and another piece were taken out of the box over night, it is our property.
Prisoner's defence.
I picked up the ribbon in the street.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
