





151. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Fearn 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing five shift-sleeves, a linen cap, and three dimity stomachers
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Radgate 
                  




                
            , spinster
, Feb. 9
. ++


                  Mary 
                  Radgate 
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Hunt in Mark-lane; about three o'clock in the afternoon last Monday se'nnight I was sitting in the kitchen, I thought I heard something on the stairs; I went into the passage, and saw the prisoner on the stairs, and a large bundle lying at the bottom of the stairs, I opened the parlour door, and called my mistress out; my master hearing me, he came out of the counting-house; then we asked the prisoner what she wanted; she said, my mistress promised to give her some wine; my mistress said she never saw her in her life before. We opened the bundle; there were four shifts, two petticoats, a pair of ruffles, three caps, a gown, and three table-cloths in it; my master sent for a constable, and secured her; the things mentioned in the indictment were found upon the prisoner, they are my property; I went up into my room, which is three pair of stairs high, and missed the things mentioned.
Stephen. I am a constable; Mr. Hunt sent for me; she lay a great bundle: I asked the prisoner how that came there; she said she did not know; I asked her how she came there; she said, the gentlewoman said she would give he. I have I went to search her; she said she was a woman and would not be search I still search things mentioned) the and deposed to) they were under her that, there was a pair of shoes brought down stairs; I asked her who they belonged to; she said they did not belong to her; she had no shoes on; she said she walked without shoes; I felt on her feet, and they were clean; had she came without shoes, her feet must have been wet and dirty; I took her to the Compter that night, and the next day before Mr. Alderman Alsop.
Q. to Mr. Radgate. Where were the shoes found?
M. Radgate. They were found in my room, but they were not my shoes.
Prisoner's defence.
I am a poor honest woman, I have three children; my husband fell from a scaffold in Marybone; this woman ordered me to come that day about three o'clock, to carry a letter for her; her mistress coming at the time, she took these things and the letter, and crammed them into my apron.
Goodson. Her excuse to me was, that some boys had pinned these things to her; she had them tied under her apron string.
Q. Did you see any letter?
Goodson. The prisoner had got a little memorandum-book, with nothing wrote in it, and a letter, both belonging to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Radgate 
               



            .
M. Radgate. The prisoner had taken them out of my trunk; I never saw the prisoner in my life before; the letter she had got was a letter which had been sent me three years ago, when I lived at Wellington.
Q. Was your trunk locked?
M. Radgate. No, it was not.
For the prisoner.


                  John 
                  Moore 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about five years; she used to go out a nurse-keeping, and she used to spin; I never heard any ill of her.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
