





501. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Nunn 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a bank note, payable to 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Stone 
                     



                  , or bearer, in value 20 l. and ten guineas, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter Henry 
                           Shelf 
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Peter
            , Sept. 11
. ||


                  Peter Henry 
                  Shelf 
               



            . I live in Castle-street, Leicester-fields


, and am a staymaker
 by trade. I was robbed the 10th or 11th of September of about 30 l. there was a 20 l. bank note, No 447; I took it out in my own name; it is made payable to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Stone 
               



            , or bearer; the rest was all in guineas; they were taken out of my bureau in my kitchen, which I had left locked; I got a warrant for four people; the prisoner was in my house as a servant out of place; she kept company with a man that had been a serjeant, but was discharged; I found a piece of black gauze, my property, in her box, and she slinging money about like hail, made me suspect her; she was committed on suspicion; the note was found upon her, about eight days after she was committed to the Gatehouse.


                  Margaret 
                  Cadwell 
               



            . I was at the Gatehouse to see a particular friend of mine; the prisoner said she wanted to speak with me; she said she had got a note, and would be glad to have it changed; I said, I did not know how to go about it; she said she was at a loss to go about it, she would give me a guinea if I would do it; I took it and carried it to a lawyer's clerk, who advised me to find out the owner, which I did; (produced in court and deposed to by prosecutor) she said she had it of a gentleman whom she had had connections with.


                  Stephen 
                  Joyce 
               



            . I am a constable; I took all the people in the house in custody, and examined them, but upon finding this black gauze in the prisoner's box, which the prosecutor said was taken from the same place where the money and note was, the rest were acquitted; I found her in bed with a gentleman at the Star Inn in the Strand; she had but 2 s. about her.


                  William 
                  Waylin 
               



            . 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Cadwell 
               



             shewed this note to me; then we went to Justice Fielding and found the prisoner was in the Gatehouse on suspicion of this robbery.
Prisoner's defence.
I know nothing of the note; I found it in my box after I sent for it.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            .
