





127. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harvey 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cock, value 1 s. six hens, value 6 s. a pig, value 6 s. and a woollen horse-cloth, value 6 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Bosanquet 
                        



                      
                  , spinster
; and one iron spur plated with silver
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Swinley 
                  



                
            , Jan. 5
. ++


                  Sarah 
                  Crosby 
               



            . I live with Mrs. Bosanquet at Laytonstone


; last Monday se'night there were seven or eight fowls and a pig in the house, and in the morning they were all gone, and the horsecloth missing out of the stable.


                  John 
                  Swinley 
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Bosanquet; the door was locked on Monday night the fourth of January, about half an hour after six; we had seven hens in the hen-house and a pig, they were gone the next morning; we pursued to London, we was informed there was some fowls at a barber's at Bromley; we went there and found the six hens and a cock, a pig, a spur, and a horse-cloth; I can swear to the cock and two of the hens, the pig and horse-cloth; I have the fellow to the spur in my pocket: the prisoner is son to a man in our neighbourhood; the prisoner has been in custody several times, and he always shams mad and so gets cleared.


                  John 
                  Bell 
               



            . I am a watchman at Bromley; calling the hour five in the morning the prisoner came by me; I bid him stop to see what he had got; he went to go the back way; I followed him, and ran my hand against the pig in the basket; I searched him, he had the seven fowls upon him, and the spot in his pocket; he told me he bought them in the road coming along, but could not tell of who.
Prisoner's defence.
The peace of God be with you, I make no defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
