





503. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Linakin 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a gold watch, value 10 l. and a silk handkerchief, value 2 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Anceon 
                        




                      
                  , privately from his person
            , August 2
. ++
The prosecutor being a foriegner, and could not speak English, an interpreter was sworn.


                  James 
                  Anceon 
               



            , On the 2d of August, between 11 and 12 at night, I met the woman at the Bar, and took her to a tavern in Grafton-street


, to give her a glass of wine: after that I went backward into the yard. I had my watch at that time; when I returned in again, I called the boy to take the money for the pint of wine, and then I went out with the girl. As soon as I got out of the door, I began to vomit; she held my head with her hand; at that time I felt her take my watch from my fob: I put my hand down, and missed it: after that she went with me to the corner of the street where I live.
Q. How did you lose your handkerchief?
Anceon I don't know how I lost that; but I took it off her neck at Mr. Fielding's.
Q. Did you say nothing to the prisoner when you missed your watch?
Anceon. No, I did not, I was sober, but taken very ill.
Q. Why did you suffer the girl to go away without saying any thing to her?
Anceon. I was so very sick that I could not say any thing to her.
Q. Was you acquainted with her, or did you know where she lived?
Anceon. No: I advertised her the next day, and in consequence of that the watch was found; I saw it at Justice Fielding's six or seven days after the prisoner was there.
Q. Had you your handkerchief when you met with the prisoner?
Anceon. I had; it had a mark upon it; but now it is taken out; but I know it to be mine.


                  Hugh 
                  Evans 
               



            . The prosecutor is a jeweller; he had been at my house, the Swan in Fetter-Lane: the watch was advertised four guineas reward, to be brought to my house: I paid the four guineas: when before the Justice, he asked the prisoner whether she took the watch in the house or out of the house? she said, in the house; and she went with him part of the way home, not knowing where he lived. I saw him take the handkerchief from the prisoner's neck; she said he gave it her to blow her nose on, and she put it in her pocket.


                  Humphrey 
                  Eliezer 
               



            . (A gold watch produced.) This seems to be the same watch, but I cannot swear to it; it has been out of my custody; to the best of my knowledge this is it; the No. corresponds; it is 168. I delivered it to Mr. Marsden.
Evans. I had it of Mr. Marsden.
Eliezer. This day four weeks, an elderly woman that pass'd for the prisoner's mother, came to me, and said, she was waiting for some body to buy something of her, and he was not come; then she said, Will you buy a lump of gold? I said, What gold is it? she said, It is a gold snuffbox; then the prisoner came up; she said, Mother, tell him what it is: then she said, it is a gold watch; but I can't give it you now; I'll bring it to-morrow: I said, Can't you bring it now? she said, I'll bring it in half an hour: I said, I'll meet you at a public house near the South-Sea-house; I watched, and saw them go down Threadneedle-street; they went away, and returned again in about a quarter of an hour. They shewed me the watch; she said the watch is advertised, five guineas reward; and, if so, it must be worth more than the reward. At last, she gave me the watch in my hand: when we got to St. Mary Axe, I said, What do you ask for it? she said, ten guineas: I said, It is a pretty watch; how did you come by it? I must stop you and the watch too. I had them in custody about five minutes; then a mob gathered. I sent for a constable; none were to be found; then a young man came up and laid hold of the prisoner; we took them into a public house, and then before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            . Mr. Marsden examined them separately; they said they were strangers to each other: the old woman said she found the watch in Grafton-street, against a post, at eleven o'clock at night. The prisoner said she happened to meet the old woman, and she asked her to go along with her, and she did not know for what; but she was going to see a Jew in Duke's Place: they were committed, one to the Gatehouse, the other to the Round-house. When they came before the Justice again, which was Justice Spinage, the prisoner owned the old woman knew nothing of it; that she took it from the gentleman's pocket herself.
Marks Garrick. This witness had the women in custody about five minutes before I came up to him: there was a butcher that goes by the name of Barrev, that gave him money to buy the watch, and he certainly would have bought the watch, had I not come up to him; the butcher gave him about four or five guineas to buy it; the old woman went to the butcher with intent that he should buy it; and there were people about, so that he would not buy it then.
Eliezer. He only says this, to fling me out of part of the reward.
Prisoner's Defence,
This gentleman took me in at twelve o'clock at might, and gave me a guinea to - and when he was going up, the watch dropt upon the carpet, and I took it up as he went down before me.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from his person
            .  


               T
            .
