





300. (M.) 
               
                  Eleanor, wife
 of John, Morgan, otherwise 
Walker



            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing two linen shirts, value 5 s. one silver tea-spoon, value 6 d. two linen handkerchiefs, value 1 s. a pair of mittins, value 1 s. a pair of laced ruffles, value 1 s. a child's linen frock, value 1 s. a muslin neckcloth, value 1 s. two linen table cloths, value 1 s. a linen towel, value 3 d. and one china punch bowl, value 2 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hardiman 
                  




                
            , April 20
. ++


                  William 
                  Hardiman 
               



            . I live in Little George-Street, Marybone. When part of these things were taken away, I kept a public house in Queen Anne's-Street


. The prisoner has been a lodger
 with me from August last. I having a great suspicion she must be guilty, I took her up on the 20th of April. She said if I would go into a public house, she would declare what she had done. Then she told me she had pawned two shirts, for five and three pence each, at Mr. Murthwate's. wife went and took them out, and paid eleven shillings and six-pence for them. After that found there were other things there; then I her before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , and going along she desired I would take her into a public house, and she would tell me all; she then confessed to a tea-spoon and a linen handkerchief, pawned at the same place, where I went and found them.


                  John 
                  Morgan 
               



            . I heard the prisoner own to the taking the things and that they were the prosecutor's property this was in Carney-Street, Carney Market; she also in my hearing confessed to the ta two shirts, and upon further examination confessed to more things.
Mr. Murthway's apprentice produced a neck-cloth, a pair of laced ruffles, a white handkerchief, a pair of black mittens, a tea-spoon, a punch bowl, two table cloths, and a long robe, which he deposed the prisoner pledged with him and his fellow servant. (Produced in court.)
Prisoner's Defence.
The prosecutor promised, upon my owning it he would forgive me. I have no evidence here but my husband, and he is against me.
Q. to Prosecutor. How comes it that her husband is produced as evidence against her?
Prosecutor. I did no call upon him to give evidence. I know no other reason for it, than that she has pawned all his things, even his clothes and shirts off his back.
Mr. Recorder. Gentlemen of the jury, you must lay the husband's account out of the question. It is not evidence.
Q. to Prosecutor. What family has she?
Prosecutor. None at all.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
