






116. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Tompson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one looking-glass, and one mahogany frame
            , the property of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Cumming 
               




             . ++


                  Alexander 
                  Cumming 
               



            . The prisoner brought a looking-glass, and offered it to sale to my servant, who told him I would have nothing to do with it, so he took it away again.
Q. Where do you live?
Cumming. I live in Bartholomew Close


, and am a cabinet-maker
. My servant knowing I had such a glass as that which the prisoner brought, looked round, and missed such a one. Then he ran after him, and brought him back with the glass, which appeared to be mine. I took him before alderman Stevenson, and he was committed.
Q. When did you lose it?
Cumming. It was lost from out of my shop, but I did not miss it till my lad did at that time.
Q. Did you ever see the prisoner before?
Cumming. He used to come to my house, and had been very troublesome to me about a warrant; I am one of the constables of our parish: My servant was obliged to go some way upstairs to call me, and he used to sit at the door the while.
Q. What account did he give before the alderman?
Cumming. He there said his sister bought it and gave it to him.
Prisoner. Ask him what business he had to take my hat and wig, and strip me to the skin.
Cumming. I never saw either hat or wig he had at the time we stop'd him.


                  William 
                  Minsher 
               



            . The prisoner brought this glass to our door. ( Producing one.) I told him we would not buy it, but I would call my master, which I did, and he did not come directly. I look'd on the glass, and told the prisoner it was our's, after looking about and missing it. Then he went away. I went and told my master, it was our glass. We followed him into an alehouse, where he took up a candlestick, and went to cut me down. I know it to be my master's glass.
Q. to prosecutor. Is this your glass?
Prosecutor. It is my property; I had never sold it to any body.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have not one word to say for myself.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


