





227. (M.) 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Whiteman 
               



            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing one silver quart mugg, value 6 l.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chant 
                  




                
            , May 28
. ||


                  John 
                  Chant 
               



            . I live at the Jane Shore in Shoreditch, a public house


; on the 27th of May, the prisoner was drinking in my house at night.
Q. Did you know her before?
Chant. I had seen her backward and forward for a month or 2; there were 4 or 5 people drinking along with her in the same company.
Q. Men or women?
Chant. Some men and some women; they went away about 11 at night,
Q. What did they drink out of?
Chant. They drank out of a silver quart mugg; I miss'd the mugg as soon as they were gone.
Q. When you let people drink out of silver, do you not look about to see whether all are safe before they go?
Chant. I was then busy in shutting up the windows.
Q. Did they all go away together?
Chant. They did; I searched about that night but could not find it; the next morning I sent for some of those people that were drinking with the prisoner; they all denied it, they were neighbours, some of them lived in Newin yard.
Q. Did you know where the prisoner liv'd?
Chant. No, I did not; then I went to the constable, and told him of it; he said, send for them all together, and I'll examine them, to see if they will any of them confess. While I was gone, my wife told it to Mr. Nichols, and he met with the prisoner by accident; he can give a farther account.


                  John 
                  Nichols 
               



            . I live in Shoreditch, facing the prosecutor.
Q. What are you?
Nichols. I am a weaver; I went over for a penyworth of beer at the prosecutor's as usual, the prosecutor's spouse was saying she had lost a silver mugg, mentioning who had been there; I said, I knew where the lived; I went to see for her, and I met street, and asked her if she would drink, and took her in at the house of Mr. Buckmaster, ker. She there said she wanted to go to the vault; the maid went along with her; the maid came and said she heard something drop into the vault; we went and searched, and found the silver mugg there.
Q. What time was this?
Nichols. This was between 2 and 3 in the afternoon.
Q. What did the prisoner say upon its being found?
Nichols. I never heard her say a word about it.


                  William 
                  Boss 
               



            . I have known the prisoner almost a year. On the 29th of May I went along with Mr. Nichols, in order to find the prisoner, and we met with her in the street; we asked her to go and take part of a tankard of beer; she made an excuse to go in at a baker's shop, to get a halfpenny worth of bread; saying, she could not drink without eating first; when we were there, she asked to go backwards to the vault. Mr. Nichols and I both staid at the door; we were afraid she would give us the slip, and go out backwards; the maid went with her; she came running to us, and told us something dropp'd from her; then we went, and searched, and I took the mugg out of the vault. Then we took her back to the prosecutor's house; he charged her with taking the mugg, and before justice Welch, I heard her confess she took it. The justice asked her what she was going to do with the mugg. She said, she was going to carry it home with some beer in it.


                  Mary 
                  Carey 
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Buckmaster 
               



            , a baker; the prisoner, and the two last witnesses, came to my master's house; she came in to buy some bread, it was about 2 o'clock in the day, I can't tell the day; I was in the ketchen, joining almost the shop; the prisoner asked me for a halfpenny worth of bread; my master serv'd her; then she asked to go backwards to make water; my master answered, give you a little water, he thought she wanted some water; she said no, sir, to make water: then he said to her, ask the maid; then he call'd me to him, and said, go backwards with this woman; I ask'd for what; he said, she wanted to make water. I said, there were more places to make water in than coming just there. I went with her to the necessary house; I opened the door, and bid her go in; then I turn'd my back, and came up to the entry door; then I turned again and saw the door was shut; I thought it was very odd, I went and opened the door, and said she must not shut it, because it would kill the chickens, if they did; when I opened it, she was standing up with her face towards the vault; I saw her in great distress, something fell from her. I thought it was a child. I saw nothing; I said you have put something down the vault; she said I have not; then I said you have? and I call'd for some help; they did not hear me; then I went to Mr. Nichols; and said here is a woman that has put something down the vault, I fear it is a child, and will be smothered; he said, no, it is not a child, do not let her go away backwards; they went and took up the silver mugg out of the vault, there were something tied about it. ( produced in court; and deposed to)
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing of it.
For the Prisoner.


                  Mary 
                  Linnet 
               



            . I live in Spread Eagle court, Shoreditch, I wind silk.
Q. How long have you liv'd there?
M. Linnet. 20 years; I have known the prisoner about 12 months; she went to see my husba nd when he was in the hospital; she brought things from him home very honestly, and very just, I never heard any harm of her.


                  John 
                  Stevens 
               



            . I live in Shoreditch; I am a weaver by trade, I have known the prisoner about 11 years.
Q. What is her general character?
Stevens. An honest, poor, industrious woman; she sometimes winds silk, and sometimes works in the loom with me.


                  Mary 
                  Cook 
               



            . I have known her 12 years.
Q. What has been her behaviour;
M. Cook. I never knew any ill by her in my life before this; I have been with her day and night.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Rowley 
               



            . I have known her 6 or 7 years, she always bore a very good character; I never heard otherwise in my life.
Elizabeth Hill. I have known her 3 months before christmas; I never heard any ill of her; she work'd hard for her living.


                  Andrew 
                  Bovine 
               



            . I have known her about 4 or 5 months; she came to work with me as a stranger about 10 weeks ago.
Q. What are you?
Bovine, I am a weaver; she behav'd very honest and soberly, I have left her with the care of my house in our absence, and never miss'd any thing.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


