





380. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Brewer 
                  



               
            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing 2 s. 6 d. in money, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clarey 
                  




                
            , July 2
. ++


                  John 
                  Clarey 
               



            . I keep a public-house
, the ship in Gravel-lane, Houndsditch


; the prisoner was my servant
, she lived with me but a few days; I had been very ill, and trusted my daughter to take money; after two nights, she told me she missed money out of her pocket on nights; I marked some, and put it in her pocket; it was marked as follows, one queen Anne's shilling marked on the head side with the name 
               
                  John 
                  Allen 
               



            , one king William's shilling bruised on the cross-side in two places, one 6 d. of 
               
                  James
               


             the Second, one king William's 6 d. with a flaw on the cross-side, one king William's shilling marked on the head side 283, one queen Anne's 6 d. marked with the letter O and a cross, one 
               
                  George
               


             the Second's 6 d. with four scratches on the cross side, one plain shilling marked on the edge with the letter V. one 
               
                  Charles
               


             the Second's 6 d. with a scratch on the head, one 6 d. with the letter O and two scratches over it, and one ten-penny piece of Jacobus, and some not marked; I took the marks in writing (produced in court) dated July the 2d, 1767.


                  Agnes 
                  Torrent 
               



            . I having missed money. I told my father of it; he marked some money, and I put it in my pocket, and when I went to bed I put it under my head as usual; my sister lay along with me, the deprived of her senses, the prisoner lay in another bed in the same room; in the missing I found my pockets upon my pillow, I bought them down, she being in the room, and examined them when below; I missed two shillings and six-pence; I told my father, he sent for the people that saw it marked, and the constable; we called the prisoner into the kitchen, and taxed her before them; she said she had no money about her, after that she said she had none but what was her own; she put her hand in her pocket, and took out the six-pence marked with two scratches over the letter O; then she said she had no more; they said she must feel again; then she took out two shillings that were marked, and two not marked; we gave the marked money into the hands of the constable, we did not take the other.


                  John 
                  Basden 
               



            . Here is the money sealed up which the prisoner delivered out of her pocket.
Prosecutor. We examined the money left in my daughter's pocket, and found by the marks these two shillings and six-pence were missing, and they have the marks upon them; the money taken out of the paper, marked a large dent on the side of one shilling, the other 283, and the six-pence two scratches over a round O.
Prisoner's defence.
I once picked up six shillings and six-pence on the bed in making the bed; I brought it down, and delivered it to her; she said, don't let my father or mother know, I shall have a noise; I took up this two shillings and six-pence from off the quilt, and put it in my pocket, and forgot to deliver it.
She called 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Craige 
               



             and 
               
                  George 
                  Curry 
               



            , who gave her a good character.
A. Torrent. She never delivered six shillings and six-pence to me, I never heard any thing of it till she came before my Lord Mayor, then she said so, but it is false.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
