






186. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Susannah 
                     Yates 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a cotton gown, value 4 s. a silk and stuff gown, a pair of stays, a silk cloak, a quilted petticoat, and two handkerchiefs
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Hill 
                  




                
            , Feb. 1
. ++


                  Catherine 
                  Hill 
               



            . I am wife to Benjamin Hill: we live in Featherstone-court, Featherstone-street


. We had two keys to our room door. I had lost one, and got a padlock to put on the outside. I had been out and the door was locked, and a padlock on it also. When I returned, the padlock was taken off; the door was locked as usual. I looked, and missed the things mentioned in the indictment. This was the 10th of this instant February. We found all the things, except a purple and white gown, at Mr. Payne's, in Golden lane. I having a suspicion of the prisoner, she lodging in the room above mine, I took her up, and carried her to the pawnbroker, and he swore she was the woman that brought them to him.


                  Francis 
                  Smith 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Payne. The prisoner pledged these things with me the 10th of this instant, in the evening (the things found, produced, and deposed to). She pledged them in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Willson 
               



            , for 19 s.
Q. Did you know her before?
Smith. I did; she has used our house for two years.
Q. What name did you know her by?
Smith. By the name of Yates.
Q. Did you never give yourself the trouble to enquire why she came in another name?
Smith. No.
Court. Something must be done in this, or the town will be over-run with thieves. Here is hardly a thief comes to be tried, but a pawnbroker comes also.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
