





348. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Newgent 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 6 hampers, value 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Pryor 
                  




                
            , May 11
. *


                  Samuel 
                  Pryor 
               



            . I keep a turner's shop
 in the Strand


: On the 11th of May I was very ill, sitting in an easy chair in the parlour: the prisoner awaked me, being in the back-shop; I asked him what he wanted; he said, he wanted to buy a basket. I had employed him some time before; I bid him go about his business. In about two hours after. I was standing at my door, and saw him at the upper end of Craven-street, with 6 hampers: I called my man, and sent him after him, and found them to be my property: he had taken them from my warehouse in Hungerford-market.


                  John 
                  James 
               



            . I was at a public house, and saw the prisoner go to the prosecutor's warehouse-door, and tumble the baskets about: he asked me to help him up with these hampers, which I did by the door.


                  Richard 
                  Wise 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor: I saw the prisoner with these six hampers on his back: I went and stopped him, and before Justice Cox he owned he took them from my master's warehouse-door, where I had seen them standing a little before.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to Newgate-market that morning, and going again to get a job, a man said, Do you want a job? I said, Yes. Said he, Go down to Hungerford-market, and there are four baskets packed up; go and fetch them, and I'll go and get a pint of beer, and come to you. I did, and they came and laid hold on me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
