






367. 368. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Anderson 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Fletcher 
                  



                
             were indicted, the first for 


               stealing a silk handkerchief, value 18 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Archibald 
                           Miller 
                        



                      
                  , privately from his person
            , and the other for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , June 24

. *


                  Archibald 
                  Miller 
               



            . I was walking in Ayliffe-street, Goodman's-fields



, on the 24th of June, with two or three gentlemen; a gentleman called from the opposite side of the street, a pocket was picked; people came about; Fletcher was taken immediately; the other ran a little way, but was soon taken; I did not perceive who picked my pocket, but my handkerchief was found upon Fletcher (produced and deposed to.)


                  Charles 
                  Wilkinson 
               



            . On the 24th of June, between eleven and twelve in the day, Mr. Miller was walking by my house, I was on the opposite side the way; I saw the prisoner Anderson take a silk handkerchief out of Mr. Miller's pocket, and give it to Fletcher; I made an alarm; Anderson made a run, the other did not attempt to make his escape; Anderson was soon taken; the handkerchief was found upon Fletcher.
Anderson's defence.
I was running along, I picked up this handkerchief and gave it to Fletcher.
Anderson 


               guilty, 6 d
            . 


               T
            .
Fletcher 

               acquitted
            .
Note, There can be no accessary to a petty larcency, there being no possibility of reaching Fletcher, without capitally convicting Anderson, by finding the value above a shilling.
