






294, 295. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Lacore 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Ellis 
                  



                
            , spinsters

, were indicted for 


               stealing seven pair of men's worsted stockings, value 10 s. two women's gauze caps, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Seabrooke 
                  




                
            , April 2
. ++


                  Thomas 
                  Seabrooke 
               



            . My wife carries on hosiery, haberdashery, and millinery, next door to the Angel and Crown tavern, Whitechapel


. On Saturday the 2d of April the two prisoners came into the shop about eight in the morning, I was then in a back-parlour; their leaning over the counter, and spreading their arms, drew my attention; I saw a bundle of caps move twice; after they had looked at things and bought nothing, they went out; I said to my wife I did not like them; Miss Bell looked, and said there is a bundle of stockings gone; I went out, and we alarmed people, and they were taken in Petticoat-lane, in about five minutes; the man that took the stockings from them has been here this morning, but the friends of the girls have made him so drunk, that I was obliged to send him out of court; I secured them, and sent for an officer; I saw one cap taken by the officer from under Lacore's left arm, the other cap was found under where the prisoners sat in the watch-house, both my property.


                  Anne 
                  Bell 
               



            . I am shopwoman to Mrs. Seabrooke; after the prisoners had looked over several things, they said they had no money, they went out of the shop; we missed a parcel of stockings; Mr. Seabrooke went out at the back-door, and I the fore-door; they were soon taken, and the stockings mentioned in the indictment found upon them; I saw one cap picked up under where the prisoners were sitting.


                  David 
                  Jennings 
               



            . I am a constable; Lacore took a cap out of her bosom, and delivered it to me, the prosecutor owned it; the other I saw taken from the ground where the prisoners were
The prisoners in their defence said they saw a man in liquor in Petticoat-lane, he dropped the bundle of stockings, and they took it up.


                  Jane 
                  Sturney 
               



             and 
               
                  Bridget 
                  Welch 
               



             gave both the character of honest girls; and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Watson 
               



             the same of Ellis.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
