





427. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Ireland 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 3 l. the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Thread 
                     



                  , privately from his person
            , July 12
. ++


                     Thomas 
                     Thread 
                  




                
            . I live at the Roebuck in Grafton-street, and am a leatherseller
. The prisoner came to my house on the 12th of July, about six in the evening, to enquire for a companion of his, that worked at my house, and we all went to drink together. By the prisoner's conversation I found he was going upon a furloe to see his friends. He is a fife
. When we were at the Bell in Pye-street, Westminster


, the prisoner asked me what o'clock it was. I pulled out my watch, somebody in the mean time touched me on my shoulder; upon which the prisoner snatched my watch out of my hand and went out of the house. I followed him, and called to him, but he did not come back. When he was taken and carried before Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            , he confessed he had pawned it in Hounsditch.


                  Robert 
                  Core 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Gun-yard. Hounsditch, and my master's name is Hunks. This watch was pledged with me (produced in court) by a person in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Ireland 
               



            . He was dressed in the dress of a drummer, and said he was going into the country to see a little estate that was left him. (The prisoner was in the habit of a drummer when at the bar.)
Prosecutor. This is my watch.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to see an acquaintance that worked with the prosecutor, and we went to a public-house. He asked the prosecutor to come and drink with us. He came, and said, As I was going upon a furloe, I wish you a good journey and safe return. He said, if I would learn him the fife, he should be obliged to me. I said I would, gratis. I said, I am going to see my friends, and I asked him to lend me his watch to make my appearance with, and I would return it when I came to town. He said he would. I had it in my pocket a long time after I had been drinking with him.
He called Serjeant Armstrong, and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Stewart 
               



            , the drum-major, who said he behaved well in the regiment.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately from the person
            . 


               T
            .
