





98. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Eleanor 
                     Sharp 
                  



               
            , spinster
, was indicted for 


               stealing a woman's silk cardinal, value 10 s. a long lawn apron, value 12 d. a black crape gown, value 7 s. two linen gowns, value 10 s. a plain gold ring, value 9 s. five silver tea spoons, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Buckley 
                  




                
            , widow
, January 6
. ++


                  Sarah 
                  Buckley 
               



            . I live in Broad St. Giles's


. I go out a washing
. The prisoner came to lodge with me. She left me about six weeks ago. I missed some things about nine weeks ago: she owned to the gown and petticoat first, and said she had pawned them for 8 s. I did not ask her where; she said she could not get lodgings that night, and begged to stay all night. I let her. She begged to stay another night. The next morning I turned her out of the house. I went out on the Sunday night as usual, and when I came home on Monday night, I put the key in the door, and it opened; then I missed my crape gown, silk cardinal, and lawn apron. When the prisoner was taken, she had my silk cardinal and lawn apron on. I found a brass ring put in the place of the gold one, and five pewter spoons in the room of the silver tea spoons. She would not tell me where they were.
Isabella Gray. The prisoner lived next door to me. I was at Mrs. Buckley's to drink tea last Sunday was se'nnight: every thing was safe. I told her to be sure and lock her door at going out. She put her foot against it, and said it was very safe. I think she put her white apron on some things on the table.
Prisoner's defence.
When I came away, I left the things all of them in her room. Her ring and spoons I am innocent of.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
