





483 (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilkinson 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a printed book, intitled, Memoirs of a young Lady of Family, value 12 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Edmunds 
                  




                
            , Oct. 3
. ++


                  Susanna 
                  Edmunds 
               



            . I am wife to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Edmunds 
               



            ; we keep a bookseller's shop
 in King's-head-court


, which goes out of Shoe-lane into Gough square; last Friday was a fortnight about four o'clock in the afternoon, I left 
               
                  Anne 
                  Showell 
               



            , a little girl, to sit at my door while I went in; soon I heard an outcry that some of my books were stolen; I pursued after the prisoner, he was catched in Shoe-lane, a little way from the end of the court, between that and Fleet-street; the book was picked up in Shoe-lane, and brought back with him (produced in courtand deposed to.)


                  Margaret 
                  Burrows 
               



            . I happened to be looking out at a window and saw another man come to the prosecutor's door before the prisoner; he stood between the girl and the prisoner; the prisoner put his hand up to a shelf withinside, and took a book out; he had two waistcoats on; he opened his outward waistcoat, and put the book into his bosom, and walked away about five or six yards; I called to the girl and said, What do you let people run away with your mistress's books, and say nothing; the prisoner took to his heels and went off; he was soon taken, but the person that took him is not here.


                  Anne 
                  Showell 
               



            . I am apprentice to Mrs. Edmunds; there was a man came to the window first and took up a pamphlet, and the prisoner came directly and took a bound book from off a shelf on the inside the window, and put it in his bosom, and ran down Shoe-lane; I called stop thief, and saw him drop the book out of his hand in Shoe-lane; two men stopped him; I crossed the way and took the book up (this is it here produced.)
Prisoner's defence.
I had been with three or four young fellows, I got myself in liquor; they pulled and hawled me about, but I know not for what, no more than the child unborn.
To his character.


                  Thomas 
                  Field 
               



            . I have known the prisoner these nine years, he served his time to me.
Q. What business are you?
Field. I am a carver and gilder; he was at work for me at the time; I take this to be more of a frolick than any thing else, that seems plain to me.
Q. What is his character?
Field. I never knew any ill by him.
Q. Do you know that he was in confinement before?
Field. That was when he was apprentice to me, but they proved nothing against him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
He was taken up about two years ago, near the King's-road, Chelsea, with a pistol upon him, and committed, but then going by another name, we cannot readily refer to it.
