





561. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Foulger 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a linen handkerchief, value 6 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Felton 
                  




                
            , October 7
. ++


                  Edward 
                  Felton 
               



            . I was going down Cheapside


, on Sunday, the 7th instant, about ten in the evening; on a sudden, I thought I felt something at my pocket; I turned round, and saw my handkerchief in the prisoner's hand; I seized him, and charged a watchman, that was near us, with him; we took him to the watch-house.


                  William 
                  Spencer 
               



            . I was constable of the night. Mr. Felton brought the prisoner into the watch-house with this handkerchief: while he was there, I observed a great bundle at the bottom of his pocket: I put my hand in, and took out these seven handkerchiefs. (Produced in court).
Prisoner's Defence.
The gentleman said I had picked his pocket; I had picked it up, and was going to resign it to him; there were people about a pick-pocket; I saw a bundle lying on the ground, I picked it up, and there were a parcel of handkerchiefs in it.
For the Prisoner.


                  Daniel 
                  Collins 
               



            . I have known the prisoner ever since he was ten years of age; he was an apprentice to a countryman of mine, and worked with me about six years ago.
Q. What trade are you?
Collins. I am a gauze-weaver.
Q. Do you deal in handkerchiefs?
Collins. No, I do not. I know no ill of him.


                  John 
                  Wells 
               



            . I have known the prisoner about eight or nine years; his master is dead, and he is gone home to his father: the time he was with his master, he bore a good character.
Mrs. Collins said the same.


                  George 
                  Black 
               



            . I am a victualler, in Holborn. I have known him ten years. I never knew any ill of him.


                  Thomas 
                  Stoaks 
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and have known him above ten years. I never knew any ill of him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
