





49. (M) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Saunders 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing twenty deal scaffolding boards, value 20 s. and one piece of oak timber, value 20 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Clark 
                  




                
            . Jan. 4
. *
John Abbot. I was commission'd by Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Clark 
               



             to sell the materials on that spot, where were many scaffolding boards; the prisoner at the bar came there with a cord, to measure the lengths of some pieces, pretending to purchase, but did not buy any. I never saw him but that time, till he was taken up.
Q. How came you to take him up?
Abbot. There is a witness here to be examined, who cohabited with the prisoner, and came and told me there were some boards, our property, on his premisses. I went and found, as she had said, a piece of timber and some boards.
Q. When did you miss the boards?
Abbot. We had missed timber and boards for half a year past.
Q. Where did the prisoner live?
Abbot. In Little Gilbert Street, Bloomsbury, they were in a vault in his house; this was on the 4th of January last.
Q. Are you certain they were Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Clark 
               



            's property?
Abbot. I am; here is a piece of board [producing a piece about sixteen inches long] that has Mr. Clark's brand mark on it. The constable took the prisoner that evening, and carried him before justice Welch, where the evidence made affidavit, that he had taken twenty three of our boards, and cut them into short pieces, some of which were burning on the fire when we went into the house. Upon our charging the prisoner with taking them, he acknowledged he was guilty, and beg'd for mercy. We lost several other boards, not laid in the indictment.


                  Mary 
                  Fay 
               



            /. I lived servant with the prisoner at the bar, and saw him bring in upwards of twenty deal scaffolding boards, and cut the maks out of them; he said he did not fear being found out, and that where he had one this year he would have ten the next.
Q. Was you before the justice along with him?
M. Fay. I was, and there heard him ask for mercy.
Q. What were the words he made use of?
M. Fay. He said, I hope you will shew mercy to me.
Prisoner's Defence.
This is the very person (she knows in her own heart it is true) that fetched the boards to my house. I never touched one of them.
Q. to M. Fay. Did you fetch any of them to your master's house?
M. Fay. He sent me for a piece one night; he flung down a sixpence on the hearth, and said, the d - I take him if I should have any money the next day, if I did not go and fetch some of the boards. I went and took one piece, and two watchmen catch'd me. The prisoner came out and said, she is a poor servant, and gave them a pot of beer; so they let me go.
Prisoner. They swear too hard for me, I must leave it to the mercy of the court; I hope I shall be admitted to serve the king.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


