







161, 162, 163. (L.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bourn 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Burgin 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Spearing 
                  



                
            , were indicted for 


               stealing ten pounds weight of aloes, value: 4 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Burnell 
                  




                
            : it was also laid to be the property of persons unknown, January 26
. ++


                  James 
                  Taylor 
               



            . I was discharging a lighter from on board a Barbadoes ship, at Bear-key


. On the 26th of January, about two or three in the afternoon, I missed a gourd of aloes (there was a large quantity on board): those I missed were on shore, in a copper bottom, nine of them, and I missed one of them.
Q. Whose property were they?
Taylor. They were the property of 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Burnell 
               



            . On the Monday following, a man came to me, and said, two men had been seen that stole it.


                  Anthony 
                  Nicholls 
               



            . I saw the prisoner, Spearing, take the calabash out of the copper, and give it to Bourn: he went away with it under his coat, and the other followed him: they were all three together.
Humphry Jackson. I keep a chymist's shop in East Smithfield. On the Friday there was a bill thrown into my shop, giving an account, that a large quantity of aloes had been stolen from on board a ship, Captain Hall, master. I told my man, if any body brought any, to let me know. Spearing and Bourn came on the Saturday evening after; one of them took a gourd of aloes from under his coat, and asked me to buy it: I asked how much he asked for it? he said, two shillings a pound. I said, it was not worth my while to buy that alone, (this was to see if they had any more): he said, he came from on board a ship at Woolwich, and he had more. I agreed for the aloes at 20 d. per pound: on paying him the money, I said, I was afraid he would not let me have the remaining quantity, unless he would leave some money in my hands till he brought the others. I got him to leave two shillings; I think it came to fifteen shillings. As soon as they were gone, I sent my man to Captain Hall, in Burr-street, desiring him to come up; he came accordingly; I told him what I had done, and that the men were to come on the Monday following with the remainder of the aloes, or for their money; and said, if this was any part of his, he might take his measures accordingly: but before he came, Mr. Jebb came and told me, that two men were taken up upon the key, and carried before my Lord Mayor, and had given information, that they had sold a gourd to me. I went to my Lord Mayor, and gave the same account as I have now.
Bourn's Defence.
I was walking along the key; Spearing gave me that gourd, and desired I would take it for him; I took it, and Burgin took it from me, and carried it away. Spearing is a porter, and works there.
Burgin's Defence.
I was on the key, and met Spearing: he is a ticket-porter: he said, Take this stuff, it belongs to me. I took it: they told me, they sold it for fifteen shillings, and the doctor stopped two shillings till they brought the remainder.
Spearing's Defence.
I never saw Bourn but once in my life before. Burgin was my ship-mate; I was coming over Tower-hill; he said, How do you do, ship-mate? We went and got a pot of beer; he said he had got a thing; Do you know any apothecary's shop? I said, There is one just by: then he said, he had five more at Woolwich on board a ship.
All three 

               Guilty
            . 




               T
            .
