





304. (M.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Perry 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two linen shirts, value 5 s. and one muslin neckcloth, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Whitehead 
                  




                
            , April 10
. *


                  James 
                  Whitehead 
               



            . I am coachman
 to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Lindsey 
               



            , who has stables in Bentinck-street Muse


. The prisoner came to the stables about the 5th or 6th of April; and being behindhand with my work, I employed him, and gave him six-pence. In the mean time, there came an acquaintance of mine. We went to have some purl, and when I came back, the prisoner had locked himself in the stable. I got in by undoing a button; then the prisoner pretended he was not well. About two days after, I came home about eleven at night, when I found the coach-house door open. I went up stairs, and missed my great coat, two shirts, and a neckcloth. I suspected the prisoner. I found him about the 10th; he had one of my shirts on, which he owned to be mine. The Justice ordered it to be taken off. The prisoner owned he had pawned the other shirt and neckcloth. I went as he directed me, and found them. ( Produced in Court and deposed to.) He owned he had sent my coat to pawn by a man who had sold it out and out.


                  Robert 
                  Core 
               



            . I took in a shirt and neckcloth of the prisoner (the shirt was marked J. W.) on the 10th of April.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was coming up the road, and met a Jew and two women. The Jew offered me two shirts and a neckcloth to sell, and I bought them; but in a day or two after I was taken up on suspicion of stealing his things.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
