





539. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Goulding 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing three hundred and thirty-six leather ink-horns and pen cases, value 15 l. and one hempen bag, value 2 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Roaper 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Sheldon 
                     



, Oct. 11
. ++


                  John 
                  Roaper 
               



            . 
               
                  Peter 
                  Sheldon 
               



             keeps the Black Bull, in Bishopsgate street; I am servant
 there. I was coming down the yard on Friday last, about six in the evening, and saw the prisoner come out of a warehouse that I have the care of; he had this bag, and what is in it, on his shoulder: (Producing a bag, with the ink-born and pen cases in it): I stept to him, and said, who do you want? he said, The Cambridge; he stept up to the Cambridge warehouse, put the bag down, and went away, without saying a word more. I looked at the bag, and saw J. GOODMAN wrote in large letters on it; I know it was what I had had in my care for three weeks: the prisoner made his way into the street; I followed him, and asked him how he came by that bag? saying, it contained goods left in my care. He said, if that belonged to me, he had left his bag in my warehouse: I said, if he had, we would have a light, and go and rectify it: we got a light and searched, but could find no bag; then he did not say he had left any. I was fully satisfied he had brought none; I asked him his name, which he said was Davenport, that he was a linen-draper, and lived in Goodman's fields: I sent for a constable, who took him to the Poultry-Compter. On Tuesday, he was before my Lord Mayor at the Mansion-house; there he seemed to equivocate, and said he had brought a parcel, and somebody had taken it away, and trick'd him out of it. The bag was opened before my Lord Mayor; the inkhorns were wrapped up in single dozens; there were twenty-eight dozen of them; I had orders to sell them for 12 s. a dozen.
Prisoner's Defence.
I brought a bag to the warehouse at the Bull Inn, in order to go to Cambridge; I went down the yard, and asked for the Cambridge warehouse; they said it was lower down. I went and put it down in the warehouse, and looked about for the book-keeper: when I could not find him, I went and left the bag. After that, I took this bag by mistake: coming up the middle of the yard, I met this man; he said, who do you want? I said, The Cambridge; said he, there is the Cambridge. I went and said, there is a parcel for you, please to take care of it; very well, said he. When I got to the gate, he came running after me, and said, these things don't belong to you. I went back with him to the warehouse; we looked about, and could not find it: whether any body had taken mine away, or put it any where else, I know not. Mine was a bag of linen and chintz; I bought them of a man that came from India.
For the Prisoner.


                  Dinah 
                  Connoley 
               



            . I have known the prisoner a child in frocks; we were brought up together.
Q. What is his business?
Connoley. He was brought up a gardener.
Q. Did you ever hear of his dealing in chints?
Connoley. No, I never did; he bears a very good character.


                  Thomas 
                  Leach 
               



            . I live at Bethnal-green, where the prisoner does; I have known him ever since I can remember; he is a gardener by trade; I never knew any thing bad of him.


                  James 
                  Grange 
               



            . I live in Spittal-fields, and have known him upwards of twenty years; he has an honest character; he is a married man, with three children.
Q. Has he been in constant employment?
Grange. I believe he has: he is a gardener.
Q. Who did he work with last?
Grange. I cannot tell.


                  Robert 
                  Lewis 
               



            . I live at Bethnal-green; I have known him six or seven years; the last place he work'd at was Mr. Bridgman's; I saw him in the garden six or seven weeks ago; his wife keeps a green-stall: I never knew any thing amiss of him in my life; he always bore a very good character.


                  James 
                  Lansdale 
               



            . I live in Whitechapel; I have known him fifteen years; he has worked for me in my gardens about three or four weeks ago. I never knew any ill of him before this.
Q. Has he been in constant business?
Lansdale. I never knew that he was out of work.
Medley Couldin. I live at Bethnal-green; I have known him about twelve months: I never knew to the contrary but that he was an honest man.
Q. Where did he work lately?
Could in. I don't know.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            .




               T
            .
