





145. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Crawford 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing 27 lb. weight of sugar, value 7 s.
             the property of persons unknown, February 16
. ++


                  William 
                  Turner 
               



            . I am a gangs man at Gally kay . I live in Barking-alley. I was standing at my door. The prisoner came up the alley with his pockets loaded. When he saw me he turned back, and went into Seething-lane. I followed him; he dodged me into a little alley. I went and laid hold of him. I charged him with having sugars about him: he said he had not. I knocked at a partner's door for assistance; by that he was got as far as Mark-lane. I went and got hold of him, and called a coachman to my assistance. I took him back to Seething-lane, and got a constable to search his pockets. I cut the bottoms of his pockets out, and the sugar came out into a handkerchief: there were 27 pounds of it. He said, one Ashworth gave it him on board a ship. Whose sugar it is, I cannot tell: we have had our warehouses broke open several times.
Prisoner's defence.
One Ashworth said he would put a shilling into my pocket, if I would come and do a jobb. He gave me 12 pennyworth of halfpence, and delivered the sugar to me to carry it to Tower-hill; where he got it, I cannot say. I had no more notion of his stealing it, than the hour I will die.
Turner. He told me he had been on board a ship, and got it there.
For the prisoner.


                  Hannah 
                  Rawlins 
               



            . I have lived with the prisoner 5 years. One Ashworth came as my husband (meaning the prisoner) was drinking tea as he lay in bed, and said, he was to go and fetch something, I do not know what, and gave him a shilling in halfpence, but he did not say where he was to go with it.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
