





102. (L.) 
               
                  
                     Hannah 
                     Gregory 
                  , spinster
, otherwise 

wife
 of 
                        
                           Robert 
                           Walker 
                        








            , was indicted for 


               stealing a silver watch, value 21 s. a silver table spoon; value 5 s. a silver tea-spoon, value 15 d. a silver mustard spoon, value 15 d. a silver ladle, value 2 s. 4 pair of silver shirt-buttons, value 3 s. a gold ear-ring, 3 pair of stockings, a linen handkerchief, and 20 pieces of linen cloth
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Anne 
                     Bickerton 
                  




                
            , December 27
. ++


                  Anne 
                  Bickerton 
               



            . I am a goldsmith
; I missed a silver watch the 26th of December, in the evening.
Q. What was the prisoner?
A. Bickerton. She was my servant
, and had lived with me about 6 months; I sent for the lady that recommended her to me, to know what was best to do; as I had lost a diamond ring, and other things before: upon missing the watch I suspected her; the lady advised me to search the prisoner's box. It was searched on the 27th, and in it was found several things not laid in the indictment, my property. I did not know I had lost the other things, till they were found; she owned to nothing, the watch was found last Friday. 
               
                  William 
                  Holder 
               



             can give the best account how that was found; there were only the linen things in the box.


                  William 
                  Holder 
               



            . I was going to Goldsmiths-hall last Friday; the prisoner called to me, and told me she had left some things up in the garret; the watch, and she signified there was a spoon, and other things; but did not mention particularly what they were. I came home and acquainted my mistress with what she had said, my mistress and I went up into the garret, and in the part of the garret where the prisoner had said, behind some lumber, I found the watch, tablespoon, a tea-spoon, a mustard-spoon, the bowl of a ladle, and some shirt-buttons, all silver, (produced and deposed to.)


                  Dorothy 
                  Nettleson 
               



            . I live in Red Lion-street Clerkenwell. Mrs. Bickerton sent for me, to let me know she had lost some things; I went to her, she told me she had lost a silver watch: she suspected her maid (the prisoner.) I advised her to search her box: she was searched, I only saw the linen which was found in it.
Prisoner's Defence.
When my master died, my mistress gave me the old stockings herself; I found some of the linen in an old rag-box in the garret, as to the rest of the things I know nothing at all of them.
Q. to Holder. How came the prisoner to tell you she had secreted the things in the garret?
Holder. She called to me as I was going along the street, and asked me some questions about the family; we talked some little time about things indifferent, and afterwards we entered upon this subject; she acknowledged to me that she had left some things in the garret, that she was concerned about; she was afraid to tell my mistress, for fear she should get her displeasure: I told her she need not fear that, for if she would acknowledge the watch, my mistress had told her she would forgive her, and upon this expostulation, she told me where the watch was: I told her if she would not tell me where the watch was, my mistress would get a warrant and take her up.
Q. Was she at that time in your mistress's service?
Holder. She had been gone a fortnight.
Q. to prosecutrix. How came you not to indict her upon having found the linen in her box?
Prosecutrix. I was quite unacquainted with these sort of things, and did not know how to do it. 

               Guilty of stealing only the linen in the box
            . 


               T
            .
