





152. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Jefferyn 
                  



               
             was indicted, for 


               that she, together with 
                     
                        William 
                        Stoaks 
                     



                  , not taken, on the 16th of Feb
. about the hour of 8 at night, the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hibbins 
                        



                      
                  , doctor of physic
, did break and enter; one blue silk and silver gown, val 10 l. one silk and silver petticoat, val. 10 l. one brown silk and gold gown, val. 5 l. one silk petticoat, one sattin petticoat, one silver tissue petticoat, one red and white tissue negligee, one pompadour silk negligee and petticoat, ten yards of blue silk, and one Pinchbeck metal watch, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Hibbins 
                        



                      
                  , did steal in the said dwelling-house
            . *


                  Ann 
                  Hibbins 
               



            . On the 16th of Feb. the things mentioned in the indictment (mentioning them by name) were taken out of our house, I missed them about 12 at night, and had seen them between 5 and 6 in the day before in my drawers in my room up two pair of stairs; we had them advertised, by which means we found some of them again.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Richards 
               



            . I live servant with Dr. Hibbins. I saw these things in a drawer in the room where Miss Hibbins lies about 4 in the afternoon, they were missing before 12 at night.


                  Elizabeth 
                  Gascoyne 
               



            . I live servant with Dr. Hibbins. On the 16th of Feb. I was in the garret, about one o'clock in the day, the window was then shut down, the sash would not stay up to keep open, was it put up of itself it would come down again, we imagine the people that took the things must come in at that window.


                  Thomas 
                  Murkwate 
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have known the prisoner about two years, she and her sister brought a red and white silk sack and petticoat, and a red and white negligee, and pledged them with me. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutrix.)
Q. Where did the prisoner say she brought them from?
Murkwate. She said she brought them from one Mrs. ONeal, whom I know to be a woman of the town, and had such things as these, and I knew the prisoner to have lived with a woman of the town, and she said she had left her former mistress; I have taken in things of her as good as these before.
Q. When did she bring them?
Murkwate. On the 17th of Feb.


                  Thomas 
                  Hatton 
               



            . The prisoner pledged these things with me on the 17th of Feb. (Producing a pompadour silk sack and petticoat, deposed to by the prosecutrix.)


                  John 
                  Noakes 
               



            . I am a constable; the doctor got a warrant from Justice Wright, and I went with the Pawnbroker's man to the Castle in Castle-street, Bloomsbury, where we found the prisoner, and took her to the Justice; then we went to her lodgings, and there we found the duplicates of the things pawned, which are to answer to the pawnbroker's tickets; they were in a drawer, and also a handkerchief, (produced in court, and deposed to by the prosecutrix) and this paper, (producing a paper) the maid declared the mistress's silver cloaths were put in to keep them from tarnishing. I went to the lodging two days after, to enquire if I could find the man named Stoaks, who lived with the prisoner, but he had made off; there was found this key (producing one) in their room, which I got liberty to try, and found it opened the late Lord Warwick's door, it is an empty house, two doors from Dr. Hibbins's house; we went up to see in what manner they could get from that to the doctor's house, and found any body could walk with a good deal of safety to the doctor's garret window. When the prisoner was examined the second time, she confessed that Stoaks told her he got into the empty house, and so got the things.
Prisoner's Defence.
Mr. Stoaks told me when he brought those things, that he brought them from a relation out of the country, and desired me to pawn them in his name, which I did.




               Guilty of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            . 


               T
            

