








264, 265, 266. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Matthews 
                  



                
            , 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Bunce 
                  



                
            , and 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Robinson 
                  



                
            , spinster
, were indicted, for that 


               they, on the king's highway, on 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Penny 
                        




                      
                   did make an assault, putting him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person one silver watch, value 4 l. one handkerchief, value 1 s. and three shillings in money, numbered, his property, and against his will
            , March 3
. *


                  John 
                  Penny 
               



            . I was drinking on the third of March, in Maynard-street, St. Giles's


; the girl at the bar was there (she had been servant
 there); I went out to go home, and she came out to go home with me: to the best of my knowledge, she picked my pocket of my watch; while we were struggling for it, a man came and knocked me down; whether there was another man, I am not certain; I was there robbed of all I had. The girl says they got 3 s. 6 d. but I believe they got from me 9 or 10 s. I having but one leg, a little matter puts me down. I know nothing of the men at the bar, of my own knowledge.
Q. How did the girl get at your watch?
Penny. Whether she took it out of my pocket, or whether I pulled it out, I will not say; in the struggle we broke the chain, and the watchman found my key afterwards.
M. Robinson. I saw him in liquor, and was afraid somebody would make a property of him, and I desired him to deliver the watch to me, to take care of for him.
Penny. That is false; there was no such thing said.
Q. How long have you known Robinson?
Penny. I have known her two years: she lived servant at that alehouse, and I used frequently to go there: she said I took it out to see what o'clock it was: I cannot say whether I did or not.
Q. How far had you gone before this happened?
Penny. I was got about 200 yards, or thereabouts: this was in the darkest part of the street.


                  Charles 
                  Peder 
               



            . 
               
                  Dick 
                  Bunce 
               



             and I went into the King's-arms together, and had a pint of beer: as we were sitting there, in came 
               
                  Mary 
                  Robinson 
               



             and the prosecutor; they went out again together; she took the watch from him, and called 
               
                  Dick 
                  Bunce 
               



            , and bid him call 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Matthews 
               



             to her, saying, she had got the watch; she put her hands under her petticoats, and gave the watch to Matthews: then Mary Robinson and Bunce went in to drink, and I went back and knocked him down, and robbed him; after that, I went to them at the Running-Horse.
Q. Who seat you to rob the man of his money?
Peder. I went on my own accord.
Q. Were any of the prisoners present, when you robbed him?
Peder. No, neither of them was.
Q. Did they know of it?
Peder. No, they did not.
Q. to Prosecutor. How long after your watch was gone, was it that you lost your money?
Prosecutor. I was struggling with the girl who should have it, and being immediately knocked down, I was in such a confusion, I cannot tell the time: it might be a minute, or a minute and a half after the watch chain broke; it was done instantaneously.
Q. to Peder. How long after she gave the watch to Matthews and Bunce, did you knock him down?
Peder. It was immediately: they were going down the street to the Running-horse, and I knocked him down.


                  Charles 
                  Chadwick 
               



            . As I lay in my bed, which was just by the place where he was robbed, I heard Peder say, Stop, what do you want with the girl? he knocked him down, and said, what money have you got? I heard the prosecutor say, Spare my life: then I heard Peder say, 
               
                  Dick 
                  Bunce 
               



            , 
               
                  Dick, D


             - n your eyes, come here. Peder knocked him down against my collar where I lie.
Matthews's Defence.
Peder has contradicted himself; I never was in the alehouse along with him; I have gone after him, to have him taken up, and he has sworn, if he was taken up, he would have me taken up.
Bunce's Defence.
When we came out of the house together, this girl took the watch; she and me: Peder never told me he had robbed the man.
All three 


               guilty of Felony only
            .






[Transportation. See summary.]


