





188. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hill 
                  



               
             was indicated for 


               stealing a live cock, value 1 s. and seven live hens, value 7 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Randal 
                     Lawrence 
                  




                
            , March 26
. ||
Randal Lawrence. I live at Bromley


. On the 26th of March I missed a live cock and seven hens, out of a shed near my house; I saw them again in about two days after in the possession of Mr. Bone the constable, the prisoner was then in New Prison; I saw him when he came to be examined before the Justice; I never saw him in my life before to my knowledge.
Matthews. I am a watchman. As I was in Stepney church-yard, the prisoner came by with a bag on his back; I said a good morning to you (this was about a quarter before two o'clock, on the 26th of last month); I asked him what he had got, he said nothing but cloaths; I saw part of the fowls heads and legs hang out, and heard the hens make a noise; I said they are comical cloaths to talk; I took hold of him, and took the fowls and him to the watch house; there were seven hens and a cock, and a ripping chissel in the bag (produced in court). Then he said a man gave him the fowls at Mile-end; I asked him who that friend of his was; he said he did not know him; he fell down on his knees, and begged I would let him go.


                  Charles 
                  Bone 
               



            . Matthews brought the fowls and two bags with the prisoner to me, I being the officer of the night, on the 26th of March; there were six of the fowls alive and two dead. Two days after we found they belonged to Mr. Lawrence; he came and owned them.
Prosecutor. They were all with a piece of blue bays on the leg; they have them on now.
The prisoner said nothing in his defence.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
