





146 (M) 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Hoddy 
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing one pair of silver buckles, value 10 s. two enamelled snuff boxes, value 10 s. two knives, value 2 s. two pair of scissars, and three pair of steel buckles
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Crook 
                  




                
            , April 1
. ++


                  John 
                  Crook 
               



            . I keep a cutler's shop in Great Turn-stile, Holbourn. Some time ago I found the prisoner in the possession of some goods of mine, to the amount of upwards of forty shillings, as they cost me, some of them of my own manufactury.
Q. What sort of goods?
Crook. Snuff-boxes, buckles, scissars, and other things. I had suspected him, and took occasion to search his box.
Q. Did he live in the house with you?
Crook. He did,
Q. In what capacity?
Crook. He is my apprentice
, he has served me six years and a half.
Q. What is your employment?
Crook. I am a cutler and razor-maker
. When I charged him with those things he had nothing to say, but pleaded guilty, and promised amendment for the time to come.
Q. How long is this ago?
Crook. This was more than a year ago.
Q. Are any of those things in the indictment?
Crook. Yes; but upon his promising amendment I would not prosecute him then, but put it off. Not long after that I found some other things upon him, my property; and a little while after I found more in his box, or in his pockets, for I still had reason to suspect him, and still bore with him from time to time, and told him the consequence of these things, and was in hopes he would amend, but he still continued to keep the same company, and I suspected the same proceeding. About Christmas-day last I found some things secreted, two knives in his box. 2 pair of silver buckles in his pocket. Last Wednesday, while I was at work below, my maidservant told me he had opened the shew-glass; I told him of it, and he denied it several times; I insisted upon it to search him, and at last he pulled the silver buckles out of his pocket, and gave them to me.
Q. Mention the things he had taken, and when.
Crook. Two enamelled snuff boxes, two pair of scissars, two knives, and three pair of steel buckles, I found in his box about a year ago.
Q. What do you value the silver shoe buckles at?
Crook. I value them at 10 s. He was carried before a justice of the peace, and charged with taking these things, and he said nothing towards denying the facts. I do not know whether he was asked, or whether he did deny it or not.


                  Sarah 
                  Griffin 
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. Last Wednesday morning I saw the shew-glass open in the shop, the prisoner lifted it up with one hand, and I saw him put his other hand in, but what he took out I cannot tell: I informed my master of it, and he taxed him with it. He denied having any thing: my master was for searching him, and at last he delivered a pair of silver buckles to my master.
Prisoner's Defence.
I never carried any thing out of the house.
The prisoner called four witnesses to his character; the first had known him four years, the second two, the third six months, the fourth about two years: they all gave him a good character.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


