





154. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Andrew 
                     Matthews 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one silver stock-buckle, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     John Blunt 
                     Burchall 
                  




               
            . February 1
. +


                  John Blunt 
                  Burchall 
               



            . I keep a cutler and silversmith's shop
, in Long-acre


. The prisoner came to my shop on the first of February, to buy a pair of tea-tongs, and six silver spoons, and two or three other odd things: he agreed to give 29 s. for them, and gave me a shilling earnest. About half a minute before he went out of the shop, he put his hand quick into the drawer, and put something in his pocket; I was fronting him all the time. The moment he turned out at the door, he set up a running as fast as he could; I followed him through several streets, before I could come up with him. When I came up with him, I said, friend, let me know what is in your right hand pocket? said he, you shall not put your hand in; I'll put my hand in myself, which he did, and brought out this silver stock-buckle (producing one) I can't sware to it, but I missed just such a one, and here is the maker's name on it that made mine, and the prisoner owned it was mine; that he took it out of my shop by mistake: upon my return, I missed it: I did not stay to see what he had taken, when he went out.
Q. Was this stock-buckle one of the things he agreed for?
Burchall. No, it was not.

Prisoner's Defence.
I saw the stock-buckle on the outside the window; I asked him the price, he said five shillings; then I asked the price of a pair of tea-tongs; he showed me a pair at half-a-guinea, and another at 8 s. 6 d. then I wanted three tea-spoons, he weighed them, they came to nine shillings, and a pair of women's shoe buckles came to twelve shillings; the whole came to twenty-nine or thirty shillings, besides the stock-buckle: I said I had not money enough about me, but I would come again for them, and gave him earnest; business interfereing, I put a 5 s. 3 d. in my pocket, and this stockbuckle, by mistake.
Q. to Prosecutor. Did the prisoner cheapen any stock-buckle?
Prosecutor. No, he did not.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
