






285, 286. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gray 
                  



                
             and 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Waldin 
                  



                
             were indicted for 


               stealing a gold watch, value 10 l. and a white cornelian seal, set in gold, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christian 
                     Nicholi 
                  




                
            , April 14
. +


                  Christian 
                  Nicholi 
               



            . On Friday the 14th of April, somebody got in at my chamber window, which had been left about half open, and stole from thence a gold watch with a cornelian seal, set in gold.


                  Elias 
                  Levi 
               



            . I am in the toy and silver way. The two prisoners came into my shop on Saturday the 15th of February, about ten o'clock in the morning, and wanted to sell a watch to my wife. I was not at home. They went away and came again the 18th. I was then at home. They produced this watch, and asked two guineas and a half for it. I said I had not so much money then, but if they would call the next morning by nine o'clock, I would get up the money and buy it. After they were gone, I went to Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



             and told him what sort of a watch it was. It was a gold one. He sent me assistance. They came the next morning and brought the watch with them again. I went to try the case with aqua-fortis, and in the mean time Sir John's man took hold of them. I look upon the watch to be worth 10 l. (The watch produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)


                  Nicholas 
                  Bond 
               



            . On Tuesday the 17th of April I was at Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Fielding 
               



            's. This Jew came there. I went the next morning and stopped the two prisoners when they came there with the watch.


                  Alexander 
                  Willson 
               



            . On the 14th of April I bought a white cornelian seal, set in gold, of the prisoner Gray. I gave him ten shillings for it. (Produced and deposed to by the prosecutor.)
Gray's Defence.
I had not been two days from Portsmouth. I went round with a vessel for Captain Johnson, called the Elizabeth. I came home on the Friday morning. I met a gentleman at the Salutation at Billingsgate to receive my money. I took this young fellow at the bar with me. After that I saw some young fellows in St. James's park tossing up; one of them had this watch: he asked two guineas for it; he said it was Pinchbeck. I gave him that for it. After that he called me back, and said he had got a seal to sell. and shewed me a white stone seal: I bought it of him for two shillings. The same afternoon I went to the gentleman's shop and asked him if the seal was gold; he tried it, and said it was, and gave me ten shillings for it. I returned home and put that seal to the watch that is on it now. On the Monday morning my money was all spent. I lived with a young woman that made me spend all my money; then I went to sell the watch: they took us both and carried us to prison.
Waldin's Defence.
I saw Gray buy the watch for two guineas, and after that the seal; and on the Monday morning he called me up and said his money was all gone. I went with him to sell the watch, and they stopped us both.
Levi. Walden offered me the watch to sell, and he produced it, and Gray asked two guineas and a half for it.
For the Prisoner.


                  William 
                  Shave 
               



            . One Friday, as I was going over St. James's park, I met with the prisoner Gray. There were people tossing up. A man asked Gray if he would buy a watch; he gave the man two guineas for it, and after we had gone down part of the walk he called after us, and asked Gray if he would buy a seal; he bought it for two shillings.
Q. When was this?
Shave. It was on a Friday about a fortnight or three weeks ago: I cannot tell justly the time.
Q. What was Gray doing there
Shave. I do not know.
Q. Was any body with him there?
Shave. No; he was alone.
Q. What are you?
Shave. I am a butcher. I was carrying some meat through the Park.
Both 

               Guilty
            . 



               T
            .
