





584. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Martha 
                     Darlow 
                  , spinster
, otherwise 
                     
Martha Tomlin




            , widow
, was indicted for 


               stealing three linen aprons, value 18 d. one dimitty waistcoat, value 12 d. three linen handkerchiefs, value 6 d. a woman's silk gown, a linen gown, three pair of stockings, four silver table-spoons, six silver tea-spoons, and two linen shirts
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Andrews 
                  




                
            , October 9
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Andrews 
               



            . I am an apothecary
, and live at Charing-Cross


. The prisoner was my servant
. She lived with me a fortnight. Last Tuesday se'nnight she got up about a quarter after six, and after she had been up three quarters of an hour we mist her. There were two shirts of mine, and other things, missing. I went to the people where she lived before; she came to me from Windmill-street; and the woman there said she lived with her but three weeks, and had taken things there. Her husband, when he came, could give us no information of her. I came home, and found there were were four table-spoons and some tea-spoons missing, I had information she might be at Hammersmith, with a man that went for her husband. I went there, but heard nothing of her; but coming home, I met her between Kensington and Knightsbridge with two bundles under her arm, and one of the gowns on her back. I got assistance, and took her to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Cow 
               



            , a public house. I brought her to town. I think she had three pair of my silk stockings in a handkerchief. A green silk gown, and another gown of my sister's, I found upon a duplicate of a pawnbroker, where she had pawned the spoons. (Most of the things produced and deposed to. The pawnbroker was in court, but it not bring laid capital, he was not called.)
Prisoner's Defence.
I cannot tell how I came by the things. I intended to carry them back again.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
