





189. (M) 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Nixon 
                  , otherwise 
Holt, otherwise 
Robinson




            , single woman
, was indicted for 


               stealing one linnen gown, value 6 s. one black stuff gown, value 3 s. one black silk cardinal, value 2 s. one pair of ruffles, value 1 s. one china snuff-box, set in silver, value 2 s. one gold ring, value 4 s. one pair of buttons, set with Bristol-stones, value 1 s. one dimitty petticoat, value 1 s. three caps, value 2 s. one pair of white cotton stockings, value 1 s. two pair of white thread stockings, value 2 s. three linnen handkerchiefs, value 3 s. and three silk ribbons, value 1 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Harton 
                  




                
            , May 15
.~


                  Elizabeth 
                  Harton 
               



            . My husband is named William, I had a lodging in Fisher-street, Red-lion-square


, where I left my cloaths, and was gone into the country. The landlord of the house let the room to the prisoner at the bar. Soon after the landlord came and told me, my cloaths were all gone: he took up the prisoner.
Q. When did you leave your lodging?
E. Harton. I had an account of it on the 15th of May, and I had not left my lodgings quite a week. I came to town on the 16th. The prisoner told me, if they were my things, they were in pawn with one Mr. Langford, and that they were given her by a companion of hers. I went with her to justice Welch, there the things were produced, all but the stone-buttons, handkerchiefs, petticoat, ruffles, and lace, which she would not own to, and deposed to by the prosecutrix. [ Produced by the pawnbroker's servant, who deposed the prisoner brought and pledged them at different times.]
E. Harton. The prisoner owned she sold my necklace to a young woman for a shilling; that was brought to the justice's, and delivered to me.
Prisoner's Defence.
I know nothing at all of them, my husband gave them to me; and he has run away from me since, and I carried them to get some money upon them.



               Guilty
            .




[Transportation. See summary.]


