





435. (M.) 
               
                  
                     Susanna 
                     Fleming 
                  



               
            , spinster, was indicted for 


               stealing five silk handkerchiefs, value 20 s. and a yard of lawn, value 8 d. the property of 
                     
                        
                           Hubert 
                           Hussey 
                        



                      
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Whitters 
                        



                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said Mess. Hussey and Whitters
            , August 2
. *



                  Richard 
                  Templar 
               



            . I am servant to Mess. Hussey and Whitters, linen-drapers

 in Gerrard-Street


. About five weeks ago the prisoner came to our shop with pretence to buy a cotton gown. She went from that to many other articles. She saw some silk handkerchiefs lying on the counter, she applied to them. I saw her convey five of them under her gown, or under her child's clothes. She had a child with her. She bought nothing. I was busy with other customers, but I privately told my fellow-servant to take care of her. I having seen her take some handkerchiefs, she was charged with having taken them. She fell a crying, and said she had not. I saw the handkerchiefs fall from her. We desired her to walk to the farther end of the shop, and I saw a remnant of lawn fall. (Five silk handkerchiefs and the lawn produced in court.) These are the same; they are the property of 
               
                  Hubert 
                  Hussey 
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Whitters 
               



            .
Prisoner's Defence.
I went into the shop to ask for a bit of lawn to make me some caps. I set my child on the counter. I took up the handkerchiefs and piece of lawn unknown to me, and the gentleman asked me if I had any thing upon me. I said I did not know: he searched me, and found the things under the child's petticoats. It was my landlord's child, in High-Street, St. Giles's.
To her Character.


                  Joseph 
                  Bond 
               



            . I am a hatter, and live in High-Street, St. Giles's. I have known her near four years. She bears a good character.


                  James 
                  March 
               



            . She lived servant
 with me about three years ago, and bore a good character.


                  Thomas 
                  March 
               



            . I have known her between seven and eight years. She bears a good character.




               Guilty of stealing, but not privately in the shop
            . 


               T
            .
