





56. (L.) 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Anderton 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing one woollen-cloth waistcoat, value 16 s. one pair of leather breeches, value 12 s. and one silk-handkerchief, value 10 d.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Bennet 
                  




                
            , Nov. 29
. ++


                  Benjamin 
                  Bennet 
               



            . I live with Mr. Roberts, Basing-hall street. I found the things, in the indictment, upon the prisoner, at the Two Brewers, London-wall; there were a scarlet waistcoat, a pair of buckskin breeches, and a silk-handkerchief. (produced in court, and deposed to): I asked him how he came by them? he said, what was that to me? they were all tied up in a check handkerchief.


                  Charles 
                  Chink 
               



            . I am an hostler at the Star-inn, in the Strand. I was walking down Aldermanbury, with an acquaintance; a young man came running by, and cried out, stop thief; and said the prisoner had been into a house, the Two Brewers, London-wall, and stole a bundle; the prisoner went into the Coach and Horses, and ran up stairs, and came down without the bundle: we took him back to the Two Brewers; the prosecutor accused him with stealing the things; he did not disown it.
Q. When you found these things, were they separate or tied up in a bundle?
Chink. They were all tied up in a handkerchief; I did see part of the waistcoat and breeches, as they were in the bundle.


                  Lawrence 
                  Brown 
               



            . I live with my mother, a green grocer, in North Audley Street; as 
               
                  Charles 
                  Chink 
               



             and I were going through Aldermanbury, the prisoner ran by with a bundle under his arm, and a man pursuing him; we asked the young man what was the matter? he said, the the prisoner had stole a bundle from the Two Brewers, London-wall: We pursued and took him going up some stairs at the Coach and Horses, Wood-street. The young man came in, and we took him back to the Two Brewers, with the bundle under his arm; the prosecutor came and owned the things: we delivered them into the constable's custody; they were not untied till we came to Guildhall. The contents were, a scarlet waistcoat, a pair of leather-breeches, and a silk-handkerchief: they were all tied up in a check-handkerchief.


                  George 
                  Steen 
               



            . I am a peruke-maker, and lodge at the Two Brewers. I was drinking a pint of beer after dinner, when the prisoner came in, and staid some time. I had occasion to go into the yard, he followed me; I told him, he could not go there, for a person was there before: he went up stairs, and, when I came out again, he was coming down stairs with the bundle under his arm: the young woman desired he would not take the things away; I told him, he had got a large bundle, and brought nothing with him, and desired him to leave them; he would not: she asked another man if he had drank his beer: he told the young woman it was paid for; he offered her six-pence, but did not give it her: when he got to the door, he ran away. The landlady's brother ran after him: I ran up Basinghall Street, and, when I came back, I did see him with these two men: he kept the bundle under his arm, and seemed to be asleep: somebody went to take his bundle away; he said, if any body took it, he would swear a robbery against them.
Q. Did he lodge in the house?
Steen. He had lodged in the house before, but did not then. I did see the bundle opened, there were the things as mentioned in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence.
I was a lodger in the house, about a quarter of a year before; I left a pair of breeches behind me tied up in a handkerchief: this was in the dusk of the evening. I thought they were mine; I was not going to defraud them of the things.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
