





173. (M.) 
               
                  
                     James Rigley 
                     Swinney 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing two pair of worsted stockings, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Greenhill 
                        




                      
                  , privately in the shop of the said John
            , Jan. 24
. ++


                  John 
                  Greenhill 
               



            . I am a hosier
, and live in the Strand


. On the 24th of January, about four in the afternoon, I was coming from the back part of my house into the shop; I saw the prisoner handling some stockings upon the counter; my little boy was behind the counter; I thought by the prisoner's folding up the stockings he belonged to the business. Looking through the glass, I saw him put a pair under his coat: I stood a little longer to satisfy my curiosity, and after that I thought I saw them lying on the counter: my boy turning round to look for some stockings, then I saw the prisoner put a pair under his coat; then I went backwards, and called Mr. Pilkington from the kitchen, and told him there was a person in the shop stealing stockings, and desired he would come up, and help to secure him. He came, and placed himself on the stairs; then we saw the prisoner put another pair under his coat; then the boy took him to the other side of the shop, and shewed him some other stockings: he said they would not do; then he told the boy, he would call another time, and went out of the shop. Then Mr. Pilkington went and brought him back; the prisoner took a pair of stockings from under his coat, and begged I would forgive a poor young creature, who never did such a thing before. When Mr. Pilkington went for a constable, my maid said she saw the prisoner fling another pair of stockings behind the counter: I did not see him do it, but there I found them. When Mr. Pilkington came back, the prisoner took a knife, and attempted to cut his own throat; he did cut the skin, and cut himself a little on the belly. After he was in custody, he took out nine shillings, and offered to pay for the stockings; (the stockings produced,) one pair are my own make; here is my name upon them; the other have my shop mark upon them; they are both made of worsted.


                  Thomas 
                  Pilkington 
               



            . Mr. Greenhill called me up, as he has mentioned: I stood and saw the prisoner put a pair of stockings under his coat, and after he went out, I went after him. There are three steps at the door; he was got upon the last step. I tapped him on the shoulder, and desired him to come back again: he did, and immediately took the stockings from under his coat, and flung them on the counter, and went on his knees, and begged for mercy. I went out for a constable, and, when I came back again, the prisoner was at the upper end of the shop, cutting his own throat with a knife.
Prisoner's Defence.
I have not been two months in London; I came from Chester with letters of recommendation to get into a counting-house, to Mr. Carwin, in Lime-street, and Mr. Power, a merchant; the latter is gone to the south of France for his health, so that I was obliged to rely upon Mr. Carwin, who did as much as possible, but could not succeed. Then I wrote down to Chester, and my friends sent me up five guineas, to bear my expences home, and pay what I owed here. I sent my things to the Swan and two necks in Lad-lane, to go down by the waggon, and intended to go down by the coach home again. I had been in St. James's-park: coming back, my stockings not being very good, I went into this shop to buy a pair: the young lad shewed me five or six pair: I fancied one pair in particular, and asked him the price; he said 4 s. 6 d. I bid him 3 s. 6 d. he said he could not take it: I recollected they were a pretty good pair; I offered him four shillings, and took them, and folded them up, in order to pay for them. I went to the door to look at them, and was coming in again, when the young man came and tapped me on the shoulder, and said I had stole a pair of stockings: I said I had not stole them, and threw down the money on the counter in order to pay for them. They searched me, and found nothing but my pocket-book and my own things about me.
Q. Where is Mr. Carwin? Is he here?
Prisoner. No, he is not; I was ashamed to write to him, fearing he would write down to my friends, and they would never look upon me.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
