





262. (M.) 
               
                  John 
                  Dagenant 
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing three pair of leather shoes, value 3 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Williams 
                  




                
            , March 19
. ++


                  William 
                  Williams 
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Rosemary-lane


: on the 19th of March I was at supper; there came a man into the shop, and said, have you lost any thing? I looked, and saw the ends of two shelves stripped; said he, there are two shabby men gone by just now, they had some shoes, and said they would go and put a couple of pair on: we went after them, and found the prisoner putting a pair on; the other was a lusty man, he ran away: we brought the prisoner to the watch house; we found a new pair on his feet and two other pair lying by him, my property, (produced in court): the prisoner said the other man was named 
               
                  James 
                  Macklee 
               



            .


                  Robert 
                  Steward 
               



            . The prisoner was brought into the watch-house by Mr. Williams: he said he had had the shoes he had on for a month, but they were not dirty.


                  David 
                  Peters 
               



            . I was coming home between nine and ten in evening: I live in a court by Mr. Williams's; a gentleman went to his door and said, have not you lost some shoes? Mr. Williams looked upon a shelf, and said he had lost a great many: he and I went to look for the thieves, and by Alderman Parson's gate we saw the prisoner and another sitting: I took hold of the prisoner, the other ran away: we took the prisoner to the watch-house, with a pair of shoes on his feet, and there were two pair lying by him; they had more shoes: the other man was buckling a pair of shoes on.
Prisoner's Defence.
I picked up a pair of shoes at the corner of Abel's-buildings, and another pair a little farther on.
For the Prisoner.


                  Rebecca 
                  Stow 
               



            . I have known the prisoner above eight years; he is a very sober, honest lad; he never was guilty of such a thing before: he is an apprentice; his master is now at Chatham, or he would have appeared for him.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
See him admitted an Evidence, No. 343. in last Mayoralty.
