





34. (M.) 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lewis 
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing a pair of silver shoe buckles, value 10 s.
             the property of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Davis 
                  




                
            , Oct. 25
. *


                  Thomas 
                  Cooper 
               



            . I was constable of the night, in St. James's parish. On the 25th of October, on going our round, we went down Great Windmill-street. At the upper end of the Hay-Market, when I got into Catharine-Wheel-yard


, I saw a lusty man stand in a corner. I thought I heard something chink upon the stones. I asked the man what he did there; he said he wanted a man called Mahogany. I said, what is he? he said a coachman. I said there was no such man in the yard. I went down the ride, (it is a livery stable) there I found a hat. I bid the watchman lay hold of the man. It was the prisoner. I went a little lower and found two stable doors broke open; one of them was mine. I went home and fetched my servant, 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Davis 
               



            . He came, and opened the corn bin, and found his silver shoe buckles were gone. We found a large poker in the yard. I asked the prisoner if he had the buckles, to the best of my knowledge, he said, no. We took him to the watch-house, and searched him. We found a pair of shoes in his pocket, not finding any thing else, we insisted on stripping him. Upon throwing down his cloaths, we heard something knock against the floor. One buckle fell out of the lining of his coat, and I took the other out. (Produced in court.) I think he said he found the buckles on the road.


                  Christopher 
                  Davis 
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cooper. I look after his horse. These buckles are mine. They were in the corn bin, in my master's stable, in Catharine-Wheel-yard. I left them there the 23d of Oct. in the corn bin, and they were missing the 25th, at night. I locked the door of the stable. It appeared the door had been broke; the staple was wrenched off, and the lock thrown on the dunghill.
Prisoner's Defence.
I went to a club, in Russel-street. I wanted a man that lives in that yard. I was going down the yard, and met a man, just coming out of it. I went on, and found a pair of shoes, a hat, and a pair of buckles, together. I put the buckles in my pocket, and went to ease myself upon the dunghill. I know no more of them than the child unborn. The coachman I wanted is gone over to Ireland with his master.
To his Character.


                  Matthew 
                  Murphy 
               



            . I live at the Ship, in Barnaby-street. I have known the prisoner better than a quarter of a year; he used my house, and behaved very well.


                  Ann 
                  Turner 
               



            . I live in Tottenham Court Road, and keep a chandler's shop. The prisoner did lodge with me near twelve months. He behaved very well in my house.



               Guilty
            . 


               T
            .
